good luck
I'm excited to try this
yoo glgl
nice peril manip
restart computer!
I now have the english MM practice rom on my wii
english is faster for any% nmg/unrestricted for various reasons lmao
I felt that
yeah iirc english is faster for srm categories but the only one I'd run is any% unrestricted cuz it's 20 minutes long lol
definitely more interesting in nmg tho
WHOS THIS SEWER FREAK
that was the best thing I've ever fucking seen
what was that sewer man what was that
yo phantom GL HF
also thanks again for inviting me to do commentary, I had a blast
I was glad to have risch there, I couldn't have explained many things in that much detail LUL
hmm I will consider clicking the follow button
wouldn't it be funny if you got struck by lightning a third time
Its comedy rules of threes, itll happen
Hai hai, you wonderful person, you. :D
I'm alright. Did I come in at a weird time? LuL
Not.. AT ALL? ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
Side note: I made tacos. :D
Naturally, I made enough for everyone.
Go pick that badge up, mister. >:I
Badges have feelings too.
That badge is going to be dwelling on that all day long ... like ... Damn ... I can't believe that Luigi(?) didn't want me ... That's harsh ...
oh no ... gosts
guess who got a raphnet today?!
and they work together!
setup was a pain
kept mapping start to hammer
don't laugh!
That flower just destroyed you, and then gave you pity money that it stole from your pocket while you were distracted.
I just woke up tho and have to get ready for work. I'll explain more stuff later over discord
have fun gamer
Ah yes. The shyghosts.
I like that you had to go the mansion to get that.
When the game is kind-of? vanilla.
Nice Sushi colors.
Haven't seen that one before.
why do you look flat
pokeball sushie
I'm kidding. Don't hate me. ;-;
In before they're all chilling in a single corner of the flower field?
Did you already hug Act 1?
Right. Forgot if you can set the bridge to be down by default or not.
This is a pretty rude chapter six placement.
she water on my block til I squirt
What the **** did I just read?
The game is making you do some things that you don't want to do. LuL
Have you fought the early dojo fights?
Oh. Got'cha.
You can do it!
The real question is if you should do it.
Nice refund.
Such a weirdly strong badge.
I had no idea how good Refund was, when I was young.
Well done!
The things we do when the seed is being rude.
If you have a quote bot, I'd like to petition for adding "You better have a mailman in your pocket."
Also, that penguin had a cloud in his cupboard.
I mean, where else do you keep your cloud turtle things?
Certainly not in the sky like a savage.
It really, really wants you to go to Bowser's Castle. KEKwait
Depends on the chapter attached, I guess?
Did we thought? Did we really?
That's rough, buddy.
Thanks, windows.
Windows: Notice me, senpai. *Hides knife behind back*
My audio drivers do the big dumb every time my windows updates.
don't tell my sister
Clearly, you need star pieces.
He was thinking about it. I mean, everyone in this seed is, from what we've seen.
Luigi(?) has just pissed a lot of people off.
That's all.
you know what would make traps better
You ever just find a calculator out in the desert?
If it showed the same pickup animation for the item
annd then exploded
mario holds it above his head and gets struck by lightning
run ded
I went to get a drink of water, and I missed what?
Strugglebus, here we come!
As much as I love hanging out here, I might go play some DBD soon.
I'm ... assuming? that you don't play DBD?
I have severe anxiety to the point of having a heart that tries to physically end me. I don't bleeping know why I play DBD.
I wonder how many items you use on average in all of your Paper Mario seeds.
It really varies, though. 'Cause like ... sometimes it's a couple items due to good luck, and, sometimes it's ... a LOT of items.
how much is power bounce?
Attack FX Attic
I'd like to request turning on Attack FX A, in honor of this being quite A seed.
Oh neat.
The shyguys are on something today.
He was too powerful. They had to keep Kooper and his shell separate.
We can do chapter 1 now, right?
Oh gods. Imagine if the slot machine was in the pool.
I really want the piggos to be in the pool. >:I
Always Bow.
But, slapping the **** out of stuff.
lurking while driving
dont watch stream and drive
Why did Kooper have that?
Kooper is just an all or nothing kinda guy, you know?
He's dead, Jim.
How much is the hp plus? LuL
fire flower must pay for what it did
Hello my darling
Hello my ragtime gal
runs into the bomb jail break out expecting to come out of it alive
so ... what did all of these traps replace in the item pool?
Such as?
random lightning strikes
These Koopa bros colors. LuL
They're like an even more scuffed version of themselves.
And that's saying something.
Time for a gamba? LuL
That's a welcome party.
Are you slowly or rapidly losing your sanity? Since it's not a question of if.
For sure. Instead of just ... "We know that we have to full clear. Let's go, auto pilot!"
Bowser's elite patrol right there.
good ol' Windows bullying
was good! Finished Coromon and jumped into Boyfriend Dungeon unironically Kappa
how's the rando?
What's Assumed Fill? :o
so a more diverse logic to items?
sweet. Love me some extra rando BloodTrail
ez game Kappa
Five and a half hour seed?
that just means fun then :)
what's Assumed Fill?
I watch PM Rando, I don't keep up with the development
What is assumed fill? Well ... when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much..
The easy answer for all Rando ... ... Just Hundo the Seed 4Head Kappa
I'd like the randomizer to be able to randomize the desert "area" tiles.
I've played enough other Randos where it's happened LUL
Chomp. :O
Oh neat.
The logic for this seed has been all over the place.
This is gonna be a long one. LuL
She's just exploding with love.
f I'm late, gl hf!
assumed already giving you a wild goose chase I see
oh god is that a 'total time playing rando' timer?
I'm so sorry lmao
what a bro
what trap setting are you rocking
I think it's 25% of consumables then? ... something like that
booming voice there chanterelle
duude what a chain
yea okay pape, lol
was that in the cloud a maple?
dude the god combo of jump badges, what
lol, welp
you know, that tracker has a great notepad function I heard
tbf I'm also really bad at taking notes
Oh I'll probably remember that, how could I not? ... 10 minutes later ...
Ah. I succumbed to my taco food coma. How goes the seed?
Still no birb.
did AntiGuy ever have something for you?
aight gotta bounce, wish you that portrait soon lol
Give water stone to Lily in chapter 6?
Did you buy from Rip Cheeto?
Is it one of the vines?
Didn't they just add that you can give the artifact to Kolorado without finishing Ch2?
Assumed fill too hard so you had to cheat with glitches Kappa
Yep, that's what happens when things are actually random
no more easy runs
well, maybe some, but not most
ooh, that's a sick color for Peach
lurking cuz driving
nice gold Kappa
Is this WABITR?
you love to see it
good luck with your first run that totally won't be able to watch
brace yourself, I've acquired Malort's
gl gamer
ngl I was surprised to find out that there are 10 falzar runs
"I don't know what Malort's is" you will come CB
you WILL
bop the boss Pog
not yet
you can put it in if you want
It's good vs diveman and aquaman
yeah it's better if it's A code
yeah trnarrw code doesn't matter in gregar
Wait, you're playing Falzar?
you can use it on elementman
In pav3
Welp time to wait for yet another cable
There's no display port so time to spend 50 bucks on a usb converter
I just want my fucking monitor so I can do anything I want to
what do you mean there is no display port and no functional hdmi
That literally wont work
the pc doesn't have it
there is 2 hdmi and a dvi
God I'm dumb they were fuckin plugged
Thank you for curing stupidity for me
yoo good luck my dude!
I believe in you
most importantly
weed mario believes in u
just imagine him with a thumbs up instead of a hand on his hip
my clip finger was ready
I love falzar for that reason. can't brute force it
thus far, Falzar seems like pain
I love it
spoutman is amazing. drip drip
do you have splits inside your splits?? sick
Why would you want it earlier when you could have it now
wait what the fuck are you
olimar lookin ass
Lance pog
It's Aquaman, or SpoutMan, cuz Capcom USA didn't want to get sued
good call
man, I love watching MegaMan just SWOOCE all over the place
you got robbed with that ElementTrap
GG yess. good job
yaa it is hard to tell at first
on a phone call, lurking
PBs were built on hope
or whatever the saying is. glgl
good evening phantom, GL HF
huh ... on my screen your name is exacltly 0.5 pixels wider than mine.
never noticed it was that close
I tried to click on you and twitch took me to the browse category list
Twitch dont want me here
ok so the one use of this tech for wario so far
huh ... now that you mention it ... yeah it is
Is nair combos like 5% longer
But we could already do that lol
Back in my day, we had to click on streams uphill both ways
The input is free at least
It's just fuck up a halfcircle by one number lol
I randomly woke up at 3am, so here I am LUL
I went to bed at 22:30 like a responsible adult *shudder*
did you find out the milk was bad before you had some?
late night gang
oh good
I've found out the milk went bad the wrong way before
would not recommend
I think I could use this for zard but that's like it lol
cause the full momentum nair input only works on nair so I could use this for back air or something
reset then
I missed half of it
wait you can just gold the button for text boxes? Must be nice Kappa
as it should be, really
Rune factory does that :)
although the way BN does it also makes a lot of sense
5 I might actually figure out a route for, the storyline seems MUCH better to run and I actually have movement tech to work with from shortswords
Shortsword charge attacks break movement it's so fun
If you do it off a hill you keep full momentum of your dash and the gravity is so low that you just go so fucking far
Hai hai.
Hai grumpypants?
You seem like you're having a time.
Oh okay. Haha.
gold though
Pape 64 (REAL)
All around me are familiar faaaces, worn out plaaaceeessss
pay the penalty
oh were we predicting? LUL
uh, sorry my phone bugged out I definitely meant 3,3,3
blame it on autocorrect
Tell us of this plan of yours.
Oh good.
What could possibly go wrong? Four hours of work, all with the possibility of catastrophic failure that could have been avoided?
that sounds horrible
speedrunners man
built differently
The self abuse.
It's fine. You've got this. First try, new PB.
I don't know if I'd still run BN if Gregar was a 50-50 LUL
But it feels longer. LuL
hmm yeah, that's a big difference
It's okay, there's plenty of time to bounce back
so at worst it's a coin flip for a PB
Congrats on the WR.
wait what
Do you think that a skip directly into the final chapter is theoretically possible? Via, I dunno, glitching into loads zones and such?
damn, that coin flip saves a lot of time Kappa
Like ... hidden under levels and such.
Just some void?
It has to be somewhere.
I love speedy spin
rip run Sadge
Ok after fiddling with the "tech" for a bit I never drop it because it's just a timed half circle and I'm only gonna use it on zard lol
Puts his tail behind him in like 2 frames so kinda want that
So, if chapter five has said trigger glitch, then ... surely the other chapters have un-discovered loadzones too?
I get that, but like, even the card has to be stored somewhere. The loadzone attached to the card is stored somewhere.
Sorry if I'm being annoying about it, but, I refuse to believe that it's impossible.
Not with that attitude.
I can now down throw up smash with zard but like
why the fuck would I ever do that
bthrow bair is same damage better position and bthrow nair sets up for 0 to death lol
I dunno. It took them like ... 20 years to skip the WW barrier.
ACE is busted
That's pretty fun.
Is there any tech in this game that is similar to a lot of the Zelda game's extended bomb boost jumps?
Also hate gimrs video because he puts a part that says "Shotos can do this" and you know what char type he doesnt show
Terry has no shoryu fireball or tatsu
Well I guess rising tackle is kind of a shoryu now in 15 but not in smash
I drank all of my orange juice, and now I'm sad. ;-; It's all gone.
Correction: I chugged all of my orange juice because it was too tasty, and I couldn't help myself.
What did Chomp ever do to you? D:
You monster.
One time is one too many. >.>
Nicely done!
Hey gl on the runs!
such a long category props to you
OH SWEET! that means alot :)
definitely LUL People usually run the pc or N64 emu version
Maybe this could help with THIS waft confirm
Thought to myself then I do it and it works if I do it perfect
But then I did it just with a dash and it worked better LOL
ok the one thing it would do is make jablock waft easier
because I dont have to do my jump input frame perfect
Void is tweeting clips of it and it's just him shitting on people who aren't anti-airing him and doing a b reverse
If I do this jaemi is going to dragdown forward air me and I am dead
fuck falco
The only useful things I've seen so far are helping bad turnaround animations and diddy kong can dtilt z drop banana if he picks it up with dtilt
But like any safe air you'd hit a shield with point blank you have a positive on the rps anyway so unless your dashback NEEDS it then why do it lol
warios dashback for example is mad fucking good because he lifts his ass up and leans immediately and his feet dont exist lol
GOLD gold
ALWAYS BELIEVE IN YOUR SOUL
I'd love if you had this
cuz if you could select from 3 random items, I think that'd be hilarious
which of these items does Mario hate, Princess?:
true, that in itself is fun
Kammy places Goombario in front of chest
gl gl phanto274Bless
It's summer heat already where I live
Nicely done.
Did you draw your splits background?
Oh I see it nice
They're adding what for artists?
Oh that's pretty cool
I was born in 95 monkaS
yooo phantom gl on the run!! phanto274Bless
did you end up getting milk??
Also I hate chapter 5 Madge
not that guy. he killed my run earlier
I need to work on this chapters movement specifically.
All aboard the strugglebus!
ty for stream phantom!! Hope to catch the next one soon! peepoWave
I had a fright jar fail, jumped on fire bar, got speedied and a pokey encountered me when I was trying to bombette first strike :)
Ah. I live
I'm ... on hope
Right. Forgot if you were fuckin plugged
As much is amazing. drip
huh ... on my darling
dont want the follow button
I went to click on a drink of yours.
She's just imagine him with that
This is amazing. drip drip drip drip
One time my wii
Hey I'm driving home, so can't talk. good luck
Hopped on quickplay cause I just wanted to play and this mario was just mashing the rar shit so I went zard
He didn't live very long
he put himself at backair tipper range every time LOL
I also refuse to call this the gimr or any of the names he gave it because it's just a control stick angle lol
Yea you just corner notch after an initial dash
If you flick it you go back and if you dont you just drift in it's not really anything new lolll
Anything I've tested with this I do with just an attack cancel or full momentum nair or even just a dash and it's the same thing LOL
The only thing I'd use this for is for like fullhop back airs because you can't attack cancel that
Yea that's what I do for my bike look wavebounces
I went to the alt account to check follow requests and an anime tab pops up and it's just some cosplay girls ass
This is why I never have home page on
I literally only follow RF artists on that account and it's like 10 of them lol
I just followed like 10 artists I like most on that account so my timeline is only that and nothing else
Since that account is just for annoyed rambling I may as well have something I want to see while I'm there lol
doing a normal run I see
We should rando race sometime now that my pc wouldn't explode for it
yeah gl
what is top 15 rn?
really? damn. slopdop was top 10 when I started my grind
thank you for harnessing bad rng, it may help with the decision to run tonight
I have never recovered from absorbing morphs rng to get any% record
yeah, I would've gotten 3:46 probably
my rng is still godawful after that
I bought so much shit today!!!
mini min amiibo
monkey ball banana mania
network transmission
and a logitech litra
most recent, I got it on PS5 for 20 bucks
you will one day KEKW
I can join the next NT race LUL
EzekielSD : Alright so ... arbitrary code execution, you can jump into the blue house? And y'all got Clippy? EzekielHD : Yeah. EzekielSD : The future is crunk! EzekielHD : Anything else you wanna know? EzekielSD : Is Final Bowser too much? Am I ready? EzekielHD : I can't tell you everything. But if you want to make history, you got to charge your own jumps. EzekielSD : We going to the volcano! EzekielSD + EzekielHD : We going to the volcano! EzekielSD : We going to the volcano!
yeah, last one had a turn out for 7 runners
Its only hard in the beginning
Ah Phantom5800, I see that you've included the partner Goombario in your party. However, I see that he's also surrounded by other trash partners. Instead why not use Goombario, the best partner in Paper Mario? It opens you up to some real all-star attacks, like Tattle and Multibonk.
Dear Twitch User Phantom5800: I noticed your chat does not contain the "Dear Twitch User" pasta. To me, this is a grievous oversight that must be immediately rectified. I have decided it is best to add this pasta to your chat forthwith rather than unfollow. Again, the pasta I am adding to your chat is the "Dear Twitch User" pasta. Thank You.
phantom, its happening phanto274Hype
Bored Ape #1398 Owner says buying NTFs was Biggest Regret of his life. He is unable to sell it for even a fraction of what he spent, it financially ruined him.
The collapse begins guys ...
we didn't shell shot the chomp let's go
also gl, sorry I had to get some pastas out
you gonna continue bird up or just a one and done?
thought about doing an unboxing for the litra
Imagine doing unboxing for lighting without any lighting KEKW
yeah I saw it at best buy and thought, "hey isnt this what harris heller did a video on?" it was so I'm giving it a shot
got a knife I can borrow to open this?
thats rng!?!?!??!
the packaging in here is nice
I can take this light off the monitor stand and mount it to to a tripod/boom arm!!!
detachable USB C cable? thank you logitech
go fast good luck phanto274Bless
playing game
tfw you actually get goombario
save time anyways
craft a new skip
the phantom skip
It aint a glitch just a skip
If you say so ...
I love this fight because goombario gets used
litra has software too so you dont have to touch it
does your gold have god cycle
dude fuck this jump I always fail it in rando LOL
Its taco
tell me about it
I have 4-1 and thats it
whats a PSP
and how do you capture one?
Was brb for a bit I assume something bad happened
wtf is this cursed almost wario skin
when did you start racing?
I'll get your title
nvm you got it lol
Can't hear your discord btw
damn, what happened to glitchless
there ya go
fair enough
It's not resetting, it's just saying FUCK THIS to a bleh run
I put a GL on his hat for them
watch both on my portrait view monitor LUL
this is really bright for the sewers Kappa
Is that a new tracker feature?
above the star spirits
oh so its like a reminder?
Shinymark just tweeted pika dtilt not being shield grabbed by wario :)
Why would I use my frame 12 oos option on a frame 5 move
Like if they want to back away on their safe pressure then sure I'll just take my stage ig lol
nice badges
food time
chicken parm sub
equip that shit
hell yeah lets go!!
sell sushi
well this is 350 points to ur suffering of me making rando
wait 5 partners
wait green kooper
where partners
where partners u already got?
wasn't black just white ...
Ik but outside white koopa at door then black caged item ... is it 2 diffrent colors normaly?
ok I thought I was going crazy
I mean a bullet is like the same color as bomb
will this be on yt?
ok I can watch first part there
I need to go look at new settings
PRAISE THE EGG
mystery is rando?
1 more starting item :O
16 not 15 :O
traps now
they on in this?
I dont see yellow goombario in my head
bow gives watt
I mean I was close ... it was yellow ... unless watt is blue
also rando starting place is nice
what is the first trap vod on yt?
I'm going to watch it after stream ends
water stone? it not required but it is 2 checks
do u have settings strand?
SUPER SHROOM Pog
That's a Super Tweetable statements
brb birds want food
I can go so deep in so many places but not finish any of them
red and blue goomba's name should be changed depending on the color the get randomized to
50 coins get in item form
but fright jar is good
It will always work for everybody but u
so it rlly good
Item space is thing?
ok I just need to see a vod
wait so mysteries give content more now?
are letters randomized yet?
thanks for giving me my letter, take this!
chandlier falls on mario's head
wait if u hit tree, can the tree have trap
save yoshis bc they have laki and watt is sushi
what did mer have
sushi is watt as I said
yep, watt is FIRE
dried shroom and potato are on a date
I think big yoshi is holding laki captive
line up class
time to murder somebody and leave?
pen's are red as blood from murder
nice meal
love to eat an ancient stone for breakfast!
sometimes, I make it a sandwich
??? to watt to save yoshI's to laki
u here
runaway pay block?
OMG IT IS RANDOMLY NIGHT TIME
ok it day now
only creepy when day just randomly turns to night but not other way around
how could u
the eg had better like in fortress and was being praised but u trashed it
I like chomp recolor
looking for dualshock4 and found a paystub from UPS in 2009 LUL
double-dip would have been good bc u can reprel gel into (insert healing item here) and it would be good
I forgot I worked for them
we need prediction if yoshI's will be saved
so do u have to commit murder?
this coconut has been passed down for generations
a fish under land
u could have water blocked and not used life shroom right?
Hai hai. :D
Bad. >:(
Grumpy bad, though.
So, it's manageable.
I see that you are pulling out all of the tricks for this.
20 bp
not possible
I'm aware.
I'm memeing.
I think 8 is most unless I'm forgetting a thing
that's a Pog Pickup
my eyes say gambling
prediction when? I need gamble in life
I tried KEKW
Yo Axl
this is bird storage area if u remember
legit tho, dont mod me. I normally at work when you are live lmao
how does bump attack work?
"I summon ATTACK FX A, B, C, D, and E, summoning forth ATTACK FX THE FORBIDDEN ONE"
That's a T-Shirt Idea
"ATTACK FX (The Forbidden One)"
lvl up
wat r u doing? just use the dark light device on the side u r on ... dont go to other side after the fights
WHICE IS KOOPER
I think the green 1 is kooper
U HIT THE GREEN KOOPER
Is mystery rando
use for boss
It should have rolled fright jar
u can beat crystal king if u get the stop to work with mystery
Is chapter 2 chapter 1 or 2/
well thats convenient
now yoshis have laki :)
I may be back in time for end
yea, just 3 items it seems
did he just walk up slowly and down smash?
how goes the race
this sounds like every rando race I've asked about lmao
holy shit that charge
I'm back
what did I miss
was laki with yoshI's?
I was ready for the big dumb attack but forgot the little clouds take his turn if you die
did u save yoshI's?
but what if the yoshis have weed for mario
buy goombario
mario needs that
what if partner attacks are randomized? like bomb is headbonk and headbonk is waterblock and waterblock is bom
komari is disappointed in you
"I dont really care about bird" KEKW
I mean someone had to say it
I'm going to head out and watch rest on vod
see u
add english games pls
when is 50 HP goomba king fight?
you could LZS instead of climbing the tree
I literally can't climb the tree so I learned that LZS lol
I don't think they can get it now actually
I watched Hednisk do this in a Bingo once bc he skipped parakarry
we mario making
gl with the sNeed I'm going to continue resting
uh oh it me
actually cant stand taco
It is
It 100% says it does 1 damage on ENG
phantom if you nut on bowser you win
If they didn't you have the advantage
they didn't
can you dupe?
equip slow go
this quiz stresses me out
ooh nice
nut on him twice?
do they ever get confused who is who
I literally thought you clicked timeout
stop killing babies you monster
Ive been here a while I just need to say my piece
I hit buff00n with a final smash in the walmart parking lot
0/2 on timeout smh
did you win?
I've beat his ass in 3 parking lots now
I'm calling the police rn
not on taco
on phantom for killing children
you threw it at jr
It's not about using it
that's funny af
It was on jr that is the problem
just time out
up and away him
just fright jar him
probably dink anyways
there should be a setting that puts good badges in out of the way places
mod bp plus so it can randomly take more than it gives
The Skollar Smooch is Hilarious
I think a nut animation specifically on bowser would be better
bowser can u not
4/20 lmao
wait sorry this is serious
shield 4 turns in a row bowser
nice peril
plot armor
the luck
a fight of all time
LONG LIVE THE KING
\[T]/ PRAISE THE SUN
OOOO OOOO
OOOO arie
star st OOOO OOOO rm
I bet the coconut was the deciding factor there
If you tried to brute force your way with everything else you would have died
just 3 stocked Elite Smash Aegis. Thrice in a row.
the 1st three stock, I'm morally obligated to give a runback
the 2nd, I felt bad
the 3rd, I moved on
I mean, I'd want a runback if I got 3-stocked
be the change you wanna see in the world
start with the man in the mirror
we talking about YGO?
yeah there needs to be best of 3 to understand some counterplay
one game benefits shitters, who'll gladly dip after one game
I still think it's hilarious that there's like very few cards in Yu-Gi-Oh that say, "what's that, I beat you in a single game and you're expecting more? NOPE!!! I JUST WIN THE ENTIRE MATCH THERE AND THEN!" and then victory dragon proceeded to be banned.
I don't fathom how people willingly dip from a close game, and a stable connection
"Damn, they got me. I'll get them on the runback- !? THIS MF'ER LEFT!"
It's last stock, both of us kill% and dude LEAVES cuz they got their W on a rando???
fuck outta here
I wanna play
It's the Super Prologue Bros.
damn prologue just started
there are worst prologues, admittedly
Imagine having to sit through KH2's prologue every time you wanted to do a run
KH2 I can skip cutscenes
@Ohrocks but you can't skip the tutorials
they gotta make sure you're alive still after skipping the cutscenes
uh... art is cool
we missed prologue Sadge
I got 3:07:58 with race rules
kinda surprised
I don't think we'll be seeing any more sub 3s with assumed fill
oh ya I meant with race rules
I almost forgot the good luck weed
with glitches and coincidences some pretty wild stuff could happen
now you wont get speedied
Look earlier I told monado that the freeform jazz would make early bobbery work and then it did so
@RuneRavenFP "good luck weed" should I pop an edible, for luck?
Do it
Alright I'm gonna go do a windwaker run to yolo a pb before I say fuck this game again
Dog island as a grind game sounds painful with the rng
edible has been popped
you have to PB now
It's the rule
Alright gl on the rest time to remind myself why I'm dropping a game quick
believe in the weed
@RuneRavenFP later mate
also yes
someone @ me in 10 minutes for another gl w speedy
turtle soup
damn you, badge man
hello there phantom :F
saw your last run rip bowser fight
I'll get behind cursed cart
I'm saving up so I can make you a rando seed :D
I'm on a good way 4.3k
do you want to know the number tho?
It's not been that bad phantom
I dont know if I've ever seen you actually get 1st try speedy
I did not know the record any% of this game is 1h 41m 02s
yeah its morph
wiiu is a 1:41:07
cool rigby is on the list
he is on 82
It looks like a fun route
huh I wonder what happened that cost you 35 seconds in this run
I guess we'll never know
well good luck I'm heading out it's 4 in the morning for me so time for bed :D
quite a controller scheme
oh that is dope
thanks phantom have fun with the run
I used to do that playing casually on wii
I was a spin masher even when I was bad
gosh I sure have
really arent selling running this in anything other than rando
you know what's funny though
It's only the good runs lmao
everything usually is fine if I'm playing like shit
I haven't had everything line up for a while
oh dear
do you have the fight memorized?
welcome to my 3:43:55
It was my biggest mistake in that run
other than getting double dink
honestly, thinking of it that way, 51 second diff
20 of it was boo portrait 20 was double dink
my current pb is barely better than my old one
I'm a nobody now
I lost jcog vip F
run is looking pretty good so far
how the fuck did I mess up that bad
go fast
going fast PridePog
nm, how are you?
good ol' gambling speedrun Kappa
but Mario always wins. That has to count for something
wow no tailers
shockingly it landed heads
ez moneys
though I did bet so I can't end the prediction
welp time to wait a day
there is more than one of us
gl gl
gl gl
had a good any% run
awesome speedrun
yo raids
hi taco
That game is dead to me
whats good taco
Procced phantom ganon in ff2 so couldn't door clip and just decided I don't really care that much to keep going
No I didn't even get there lol
Triggered the miniboss so I couldn't go up there without being stopped
And can't kill him because no master sword
You get master sword from ganondorf cutscene
He gives you the weapon to kill him :)
I should make a layout for pape rando and fuck around with that tbh
For when I'm learning ori to still do something
Rando has been fun and I can LZS so it wouldn't be glitchless
that bee makes weed mario sad
I made a weedmario command in my chat and named it mxfour since they made my name theirs
what won
heads or ass
this is hands down my favorite ascii art
I sent you what it actually looks like
yo glgl
hi lips
you were akari
you should mash a+b as the battle fades out after your hurricane, it ends the battle faster
It applies to any fight where you gain 0 xp
weird game
weren't we wondering if it just applied to every fight period for a while
yeah we were but I feel like it's only true for 0 XP fights
could be wrong tho
EZ Clap
I do better when I'm looking at my controller vs looking at screen
for do a regular speedrun can I redeem hammer% KEKW
I wanna see you suffer though
Actually I don't want that lemme refund myself LOL
he IS doing a regular speedrun smh
that one marathon you did months ago did
I dont wanna see anyone do 3D world any% doesnt look interresting
And you told them No :)
3d world any% is only cool to me with the movement jank but like nobody does it because it's brutally hard to keep consistent with getting stars
Just get a perfect bowser
Do what jcog did that other night ezpz
well then do the equivalent
taco, check #general
mario to min min LUL
once we get sora I can finally stop monkaS
I think it's best to not get the sora one
don' acknowledge his existence
I was so relived once I got bayo "its finally over" Then Ulitimate got teased. "FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!"
just nut on bowser again
I don't like the frame of him looking left
I dont wanna post that one anymore
mario threw a tantrum
he wanted to kill that koopa
Bowser pls phanto274Bless
monkaS someone pls
I dunno anything
bowser give peril phanto274Bless
yoo GG
Pb is a PB congrats!
random! peepoWave
Jen! peepoWave
lets go rng
top 20 BLANKIES
There's Mitzi, Gengar, Rigby
Did you get speedied this run
stop doing that
good luck on runs
me and Taco just find out that Ultimate Doubles is a side-event at CB
Team with proc coward
go 0-2 with the monkey
Yea it's a matter of if you like have a friend you wanna team with or just a static
I'm sorry for that showing at PP
That's the teams I play against around here I can fuck those up
I also play wario so that helps lol
no dink pls
we'll see when speedy is first
they lost a lifeshroom to an encounter and didnt want to try LP
we go AGAIN
glgl peepoComfy
you got it this time MarioDab
but... we love prologue Kappa
Played superhot for a bit
Bumped into my closet several times and now I'm very tired
but vr works so that's cool
Esam is remaking his discord rn
And he's trying to justify his mistake
that's 6.8 seconds too many time to reset
glgl Prayge
yeah this run looks really hot
In defricken green
don't ban me taco
I just assume hes here and waiting to ban me
was playing unite with people
game is still bad but last patch actually made it much better
score shield and buddy barrier both got TURBO nerfed
so its a much more engage-heavy meta
still some broken shit
and the game itself is like... built by toddlers
but its fun
Almost as hot as goompa
lol gless suffering
ah it makes sense, you want a good time, not to *have* a good time
I'm jk gless is fun
I mean that's pape for you. both this and ttyd
gless is jsut ch2 and 3 suffering in ttyd yeah
yeah its like 2+ hours in
after ch3 gless is basically just purely execution
ch2 is fine except when punie jumps just dont work for no reason
my gless pb has a mere 30 minute major league
has a 26 minute wr
lol major league be like that sometimes
like 70% of major league is literally just learning alternate fights
yeah, it's a great route to finish a run
my pb is only 6:39 so it's not even good lol
yeah, that's why I had to stop running it. when even sway takes 6 hours it's just too much
the tricks in TTYD are ridiculous
AND its 60 fps
If I had unlimited time I'd rather run that than pape I think, but I don't
the biggest difference, by a gigantic margin, is b for text vs mashing
Doing a run today also :D
I enjoy speed swapping, but I could see why people wouldn't
that was fast
the biggest problem with speedswapping is having to explain it to literally every viewer
speedswapping with peach is just goofy lol *wigglewigglewiggle*
I ... hate spm. I don't enjoy that game at all.
Don't tell spm people, they will hurt me
the start of this game makes me sadge for speedrunners
I'm feel for you
origami king was a bad game, agreed
how did the koopa brother's get to the bowser castle and so fast down?
Imagine a basically on-rails 20 minute prologue regardless of category
maybe they jumped?
and the sunshine runners thought their prologue was bad enough to romhack it
have you used that pipe in any rando?
I know there is a big difference, I'm just memeing
yeah, sms runners are insane
when do you think the next rando is?
But also sms runners are *insane* the top level play of that game is ridiculous
If I had points I could make you one :D
just wait for plando and that reward
As mean as m4 seed the other night that needed to get ultra hammer, to get ultra boots, to get kooper in toy box, to get diamond stone in volcano, to beat ch2?
hmm maybe I should do a rando, I could if I start right now
quadruple?? lmao
what do vip?
bye goombario you will not be missed
dang it
"sigh" fine but only that fight
what fight?
presumably works because jr will just slap you over and over until you do enough damage
yay for not dinking
they work for bowser and are also scared of him hehe
whoever figured out to put fright jars in this game and ttyd is an asshole btw
they're more polarized. more 90+ and more < 5s too
yeah, that one is a thing
the worst fight in glitz is shy guys. cuz with 4 enemies, anything under 95% is gonna miss a lot. and those dudes steal items
I will be back later good luck with the run
poor bombette getting slapped
yoo gl
3rd try incoming
have you just had this 2nd cart lying around lmao
I should check around me to see if there's any local stores like that now that I'm not a bum
probably yeah
not spoodlied
so excited you did lil jumps of joy for the seed
you go REAL slow with js lol
the ! shows up, you pause a full 4 seconds
I've definitely triple jumped at locks in hooktails castle before
don't forget jumping on the furniture
It's very nice indeed
got nothing to do so here I am
and I do love paper mario so
think you forgot to jump :D
jumping in front of chests now too, really spicing it up
hammer time
well so far your doing good :D
wish I was good at speedrunning
I feel like the japanse version has lower health on the bosses
dew it :3
oh no it's bowow
when I was a kid I did not like this chapter
was to scary :3
did not like the ghosted
I can finally do equip swap in mm now, getting closer to doing runs soon
fuck this boo
It's impossible to learn a second character when jesse refuses to play anything but my wario
I have to relearn snowhead tho cuz we skip fire arrow entirely now
And with the delay we have from distance I don't wanna fucking play wario
we also skip light arrow but we get it through gim in great bay which is cool
so you never go into regular stone tower
also hi taco
wifi sucks
Like the 2nd wario set there were so many times where I was right but it had to be tight movement because of my char
And then I see the ad startup or roll and I just die at 90 because the DI is for the roll
Hi morph
What if it's just some hot hoes likin what they see
Yea they're wet for good PB's
@RuneRavenFP he can't escape your Wario at the AirBnB
yo glgl
yo glgl
was good, brushed up on a few things
@buff00n I literally just want to play a secondary I want to have extra chars for a couple matchups I loathe but kinda can't learn them if he won't play them with things that aren't his shitty ass wifi chars
I know it all too well Sadge
Like I don't give a fuck about the PT sora matchup on wifi that char is fake
gonna get some food and lurk, glgl man Prayge
Also literally the only reason I stopped playing pit
He refuses to ever play it with anything
So I just can't play pit against good players
Like the chars I'm trying to play are all good chars that I play offline
wonder what the bed smell's like?
dreams and tubba sweat
broken dreams
He uses old spice deodorant and he thinks that's all he needs so he doesn't shower
Hence why there's no bathroom in the mansion
and where can you get a talking key I want one
Yea mario is too busy doing this shit
So the toads shit in the bushes
why do you think that green one refuses to cooperate
He's mad at mario
I assume you got speedied
well well well :D
oh rip
let's hope you don't die then
If it's okay ask how do I become moderator?
okay :D
Buff00n's a bastard
I will join that club in october or whenever the fuck port is
Uhhh let's check the modview tab
Roguedarkjedi and aladd
Idk who they are but they're mods
And phantomgamesbot, the best mod
When will phantomgamesbot be allowed to violence post publicly
Let's feed him good
Let him weed mario
This is injustice
that's dope
Ok brb I'm being dragged to a dinner when I already ate
you will like when you move out I lived alone since I was 18 now I'm 22
I went out of state so I will be in debt forever
no encounter so we good
yeah it's really comfy
as long as you dont jump in front of the chests like 4 times it's good
ah yeah true
the timing without the trage is really weird, m4, morph, and myself were doing right side door since that's usually fine in hurricane but in spook it's really awkward and you get encountered sometimes
yeah pretty much
YEP YEP
YEP YEP YEP
YEP YEP
Lantern ghost FrogeRiot
being real on twitch is cool
are you gonna be doing risky final from now on?
yeah fair
It's a duskull though, better send it back
but that's not a Dusclops next to me, and he's good until he gets knocked off
Dusknoir makes me so sad
yeah, it's got some good looks and it's decent as a tank/spin blocker. But like you said, clops is just better
"I guess I'll shadow sneak"
does it have pursuit?
Marowak-A is scary af in trick room
Is it not available now in DP due to the Home update? I haven't kept up
didn't even get BDSP
well, ORAS added the primal reversion mechanic, wheras BDSP didn't really add any new mechanics, did it?
heard you like Houndour!
I was thinking Simisear, but that was BW
yeah, they're meant to be early game bridges to help you clear the early gyms
If you chose your starter poorly
beeg circle
800mg of copium
strimmer with the false advertising. Was promised top 15
time to git gud then
phanto274Sip COPIUM
uncapped too EZ
early cycle is like 16s
the spam A quiz?
Hows the run lookin
Just be fast
we love jank
just don't get stung EZ
what's good?
today is one of those BEST DAYS EVER
so after 2 weeks the 230 everdrive didn't ship so I canceler
found a listing on ebay for 250 I was sitting on
woke up from nap and he dropped it to 170
and it has already shipped!
It's an X5
don't forget
ebay chargers 10% too
so if I got it for 100 he's only making 50 bucks
I have no interest in GBA since I just emu everything
but I get it
I only stream bizhawk in obs
could ask bn guys, Kirby could prob help
gl on rest of run; time for din din
Just won a 500 ping strive game ama
GL ANYWAY PHANTOM, GEEZ
No otherwise I wouldn't have won
It was baiken so they also couldn't do shit LOL
think I will head out gl Phantom you got this
lunch is over so gotta run. I'd like to do a glitchless rando
hard part is over jcogDab
GL my guy
hiiii I haven't watched a run of this game since at least 5 years idk wtf is happening lol
I never seen that attack tbh lolo
that tells you how outdated my knowledge on that run is
same deal with watching bug fables, the key item get is my general notif tone on pc so it gets me everytime
text tone is medal get from bug fables
so you'll run bn5 to get more rng until you get back to pm64 :)
can you
go fast
so dont do that
+28 parakarry HmmCouncil
huh I wonder what happened
my downright is suddenly so far down that I can't do early whale anymore
I found out by holding up of down right and still ending up in bounds in a run like 4 times in a row
I was -1:04 and lost 3 minutes so I just called it
I need to drop ruins jump but I'm too stubborn
help lmfao
my values arent very good for it anymore with my stick
well I figured it out
I used to be able to do it 30x in a row but I cant anymore lmao
hope it doesn't change again by tomorrow
being conservative with assuming I lose some time but not a fuckton to the rest of my splits I could've 3:10ed that run
eugh lmao
nvm it still only loses 3s to fail and use para vs not going for it
I hate this game lmao
I would still not do it unless my success rate was like 90% tbh
my mentality has changed a lot
I used to never miss this shit but my controller now is bad for it
so I'm half considering dropping it
oh I should see if my controller can do it with these diagonals
It's actually extra bad
got home early from work. GL GL phanto274Smile
yo mitzi
6:23 is hype
double mood
you look like a glitch guy
what are you doin'
welp I just got ruins jump 10x in a row remapping neutral
guess I'm doing that now Sadge
It doesnt even save 2 seconds OMEGALUL
such a silly trick
I feel like if you have to remap neutral for a trick
It probably doesn't belong in gless lmfao
this specific thing is fine imo but that just sounds so sketch
you shouldnt have to, my controller is just bad
one advantage of oem
my theory is that having higher range makes the jump easier
you will never remap neutral on accident
Ive done that before trying to rebadge out of a spin
I think with my current stick it's frame perfect but it'd definitely not frame perfect if I remap
while gripping my controller
I'm fairly certain gc has really high range
so does hori but my horI's angles are super horrible for ruins jump I havent even come close with hori
I just realized that my struggling with bts recently is probably the same angle shift that fucked my whale
I should've known this was gonna happen
what are your cardinals
press start
press start again
and then do the test
that's fairly standard tbh
there's a newer version of the rom
that shows diagonals and has other benchmarks and stuff
up and down are a little off center but otherwise solid
a brand new oem typically has 85s for cardinals
anything 80+ is considered pretty good
all of my cardinals are 80+ except for left, which is 75
so that means my upleft and downleft are more up/down than left
gameplay is improving, ggs
yo glgl
get away phantom while you still can
pape is not worth it
gotta dip for now but hope your fright jars are scary and your spins are speedy Prayge
TIFF MADE THE PERFECT Pepega SHAPE ON ACCIDENT
IT'S SO GOOD
I'll send it on disc with the emote it's so perfect
Also gl
Just don't get speedied and kill everyone perfectly
I love the song that repeats itself every 15 seconds!!!!
Yo turn it up this shit goes hard
fuck it's over
Mario Slander is Cringe He's just as awesome as all the other Super Mario Characters, and you're not Based for disliking him just because he's 'basic'. FREAKING LOVE MARIO!1!1!>:(
should've made it Wario to prevent the ban
Wario Slander is Cringe He's way more awesome than all the other Nintendo, and you're not Based for disliking him just because he's 'hot as fuck'. FREAKING LOVE WARIO!1!1!>:(
I hope 'hot as fuck' gets used by your bot soon
Goomnut on these bitches
what'd arie do
I should probably setup the new monitor so I can see the m4 chat
Chat loaded and I just see "c o r r u p t I o n"
How hard is the 2nd part
I know the first is fp
Very cool
heyo glgl
gl gl
Thanks! SO CLOSE bepisCry
just makes me want it that much more
that's like ONE encounter I cry
first run of the night? :D
I wish there was some pape in the sgdq lineup
Pape so comfy. Would be great for gdq
stop and swap is different
what is stop and swap?
Imagine how much better the world would be if those bills were just all at once on a pattern
I will EAT a Fright Jar if this run PBs. I will crack the lid with my teeth and suck out all of that sweet fright juice. Then, I'll insert the jar in my mouth and begin crunching. Once it has been reduced to several sharp chunks, I will unleash it into my unsuspecting stomach. After that, it's up to my doctor. That is how confident I am that this run is dead.
this song goes so hard
hggGun ok
tf: give him speedy
youtube viewers modCheck
they'd have my back
I'm down
I like glitches
Bro there's nothing attached just do the funny jumps
we do a lil pondering
Count the frames lazy ass
you got speedied with speedy in hand
glitched rando is cool, even if I can really only do LP skip, some laki clips, and maybe bhs
so cute
THEIR NOSES ARE SO BUG
I WANNA BOOP EM
definitely a big head code
AND THERES BIRDS
my ovaries oh my lord what is this masterpiece
AS YOU SHOULD
oh my
way better
I need to play this game.
WHAT AN OLD MAN DOG
these game devs knew what was up. Dog content is the best bepisLoveCat
absolute downgrade
we need to go back
absolutely adorable
milk man looks like... he would sell you Adderall
for sure
doggy Adderall
this game deserves an award
speedrun requires you to be nekkid?
gotta feel the breeze
man so I guess theres no public indecency laws on dog island
dog village
dog world
the way your doggo runs
oh no the sad doggo music
wow what a sham of a dog doc
we do all of this for our bro?
the deck looks clean already tho
D: I guess I'm blind
DOGGO GOES FISHING?
straight bangers this game has
I would reset this game just cause I could
listen to that intro again
Which of these fuckers is making the deck dirty
fuck the mailman
he gots to deliver mail
He gots to die
I'm comin for him
uh oh alpharad just put a . in esams replies poor man is boutta be ratiod
oh hes the 1%
tax his ass
take his land
dog. also an exorcist
the ART of sniffing
those build-a-bears dont look too tough
ANCIENT ART excuse me
Potan 100% fucks
Bleach? phanto274Sip
lurk, cuz I've company
gotta stomp 'em in Ultimate
@buff00n Buff00n needs an ego boost before I shit on him at combo breaker
TacoGuyy refuses to let me know peace
Simply don't lose
Also I have 66.9k channel points rn
@buff00n tbh, we're prolly gonna do drunk Ganon dittos
Why is it in Japanese? I'm surprised the words ain't in English
You can probably put it to English in settings I think???
I grew up playing this game I chose a golden retriever
Oh that's awesome!
To match amalia?
As I understand it if your a female the victory gang is your romantic interests but if your male amalia is one but who else
I did all the quests lol also poor Peter he's in love with amalia
Er princely paws I guess lol
I did know
Who's it supposed to go to though?
I wonder if your female if Alex can be a love interest
He was my favorite because when I was a kid I loved his riddles
Camu is one so is McCoy I don't know if there's a third
Are u playing wii now?
Hell yes I agree
Imagine if they included the actual animal of the crab and it could pinch your pups nose
I find it a shame that not a lot of people play this anymore it was a really adorable and fun game
I never liked Petz 2 or 1 for that matter
I preferred the dog island
Do you wanna hear something funny
The night before I got this game I dreamed of cute dogs and running around through a meadow the next day dad gave me a random wii game and this was it
I was like 11 I'm 23 now and I still love this game
How many speed runs are there for this game?
A shame honestly..
Scooby doo cyber chase was a fun game
Cyber chase was my first game on ps2 I ever played scooby doo was a fun game
Cute giraffe :3
They really had fun working on the cute aspect of this game huh?
I got distracted, where in the story are we?
Got it
Another ps 2 game I loved was 102 Dalmatians
It's old really old lol
Strong puppy ^^
so much green
I did. I was playin a game with some frens
bucket hat dog PogChamp
Is this dog a wizard
oh shit he is a wizard
THE SWIMMING
so cute
Zoomy ... as in Dog zoomies
and the PENGUINS
doggos can fast travel yas
that tracks
you really said what path to that race
Its like the puppies at the super bowl
the best rocket league I've seen
top tier
so there is rng with stuffs
those fishies smh. how many types of fish are there?
In this game
oh no
becomes a fishing simulator
oh I was gonna say "oh no we caught an x fish. better reset." LUL
the key to his heart
Boris Post Boris This Boris boris Boris To Boris Post Boris This Boris boris Boris
Clicked on xanadu and look at that it's still zd and dexter in grands lol
Do they just not like
Have any other players
Click on another local stream and cronos is currently losing to a ken
There is no crawling happening or platform usage
Cronos won anyway because nikita
But he very much should've died like 10 times before that lol
the flowers were so nice
I miss Boris every day
YO THERE'S A FLOWER
I love emotes like this because it puts mobile viewers through hell
Chikorita I like this emote
This emote is based
he's so loud
bitch be STEPPIN
Chikorita gg
Oh I was literally typing for you to raid sway LOL
I was not expecting to enjoy this game as much as I did
I have that on the other tab
This game is lit
thank you for showing me this
Where's the milk he went to get
Fuck this guy
the whining noise is killing me
Whine ... aww
oh its a glitched rando today?
ah fair, glgl anyway
but.. why, discord people? I can only do a few that matter and it's still neat to do/try
what is this start
no one told me I needed expansion pak
I found one 3 hours away
but wouldn't meet up
okay bro, enjoy paying eBay 10%
gl in the race today
I forgot merlin did more in this game
I showed komari the first 15 minutes of conker
he wants me to stream it LUL
It's so good
I'd like to see chaotic do it lol
based shop Kappa
How was master duel yesterday
Despia Darklords is sooooo fun
Tenyi Swordsoul is also sooo fun
Don't you like interaction
There is interaction just hover your cursor on the surrender button.
I saw someone have a Virtual world Sword soul that is fun
So negates with VFD in thre
So many fairys
Then DPE can get annoying after a while
then you banish
New Blackwing support just got announced
Big oh no
Okay, I'm home
I can tune in now
how is the run going?
good to hear
It's not the ice king it's the fire king :D
yeah ruby king sound's better
bowser stole the dolly how could he
then I understand :D
ninja turtles?
blue dress that's cool so she is ice peach?
HELL YEA
wait fuck wrong weed
The GL is for glundo :)
8 hours of fun here we come
Are frames dipping or is that me
Yea it took a fuckin minute for my WeLovePrologue to show up
heyo ggs on the hotfix! was neat to watch
He'll be back shortly had frame drop issues
I wasn't gonna say anything to jinx it but yea there's 0 problem now
Ey fuck twitch
I was the opposite when I first streamed on this pc
I was like holy fuck there's no number anymore
typing in mvd chat I see lol
5 min ago lol
jesse is a cringelord
Jessie always cringe
how in the hell did bowser even put that floating palace underneath her castle with out anyone knowing lol
Name the gdq vod "THIS happened at GDQ and it was INSANE"
don't think the wand does that lol
And put a red arrow on Boris
Esam is trying to do the SF4 daigo combo with evil ryu
He can't get to the second loop
Esam is 6 hours into doing this combo
And he can't get past loop 2
He's gonna owe brian f some money LOL
This combo is absurd but like
Daigo did this in bracket get the 2nd loop please
People really only watch Brian f and like kizzie for absurd training mode shit
Goomnut my beloved
My favorite of nut
Esam gave up LOL
Eat the goomnut
Blessed is what it is
The goomnut is for everything you want it for
It can do anything
bad idea?
I thought it was NGO DTDS for a second Kappa
glhf tho gamer komari1Bless
great run on GDQ yesterday
Yea esams pb of that combo was 11 out of 37 moves landed lol
why do you do this to yourself?
Wario Slander is Cringe He's just as awesome as all the other Super Mario Characters, and you're not Based for disliking him just because he's 'basic'. FREAKING LOVE WARIO!1!1!>:(
the only way to not be banned
@Ohrocks Drake
anyways GL
gl with the funny
rowf my guy you have plenty of opportunity later for that shit smh
I *think* I did it in pb? I'm gonna have to look now lol
I know I pulled out a bunch of dumb shit for the marathon
shovel jump, hednisk jump, etc
ok I apparently did do funny jump but I failed it once so lol
Hey! Been watching a lot of your randomizer runs, as I'm recently getting into Paper Mario. Its been really relaxing to have on as background noise. So thank you and good luck on your run otzHug
Take your time, you're on god tier pace rn haha
8 hours is a monster of a run, a lot to remember so I respect it.
I tried to slingshot away from jaemi and I got up tilt back aired
can't believe gimr lied to me
just bounce 15 times
Only possible if you suck
QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog
QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog
QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog QuizmoIsGod quizmoPog
Big fan of Quizmo
LMAO Ive done like...maybe 4 questions in my playthrough.
his gf is mario
Joker just rebels guarded a bike toss and the hitbox put the bike back onto him
So he just died anyway
mario is scared of the chest
He didnt wanna touch it
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on viewers. shop (viewers. shop)!
Big fan, would love to become famous
Ive clicked one of their links before back when they still did links. Websites are ugly as hell haha. They really care about their scams LUL
I hate mario
I love baking cake
now grab the soap :tf:
I love this part
I think about dog island sometimes btw thank you for introducing me to that game
no I was too busy sleeping all day
my schedule is poopy now
I heard you had a glitch that has only ever happened one other time? UNLUCKY
what are the odds LUL
poor mario unfortunate
watering the flesh prison is my favorite redeem
a single emotional support coin
I was gonna play kirby but my joycons werent charged
yeah I'm big sad
but they charging now so yay
my switch was also VERY dead
yeah so I vacuumed while I waited
only to realize my joycons were dead. only a cosmic brownie fixed my mood
Charizard is so fucking fun
I gotta show you what I hit jaemi with later LOL
BombWave yo
so cursed lol
not supposed to have hands reeee
this implies that they somehow hide their arms like turtles or something
what makes it 100 +1%
oh the side bosses nice
what about collecting every badge?
oh okay
EzekielHD EzekielHD EzekielHD EzekielHD
Hows the run lookin
Also chillin is up for me
hi I have your frosted pig feet Pizza
Got blessed by Amazee Daisee
Don't forget the star piece in the flowers
are you excited for Summer games fest
I don't mean gdq
It's basically E3
all the companies are going to big there even Microsoft and Sony but not Nintendo
Did you go back and get the star piece in the flowers?
What do you think of Coney's current stream title
It's very good
That's how weed mario was born
"Sorry dear, I just rolled THE WORST blunt."
At least you're not in peril currently
Wow this is a LONG long speedrun
Nice job again on GDQ yesterday btw!
I was thinking about doing it sometime later this week
Will they post your run btw or should we like archive it?
Ok cool
I didnt get past speedy
I only did 3 attempts tho
yeah I saw that lmao
I've been watching while I was in prologue
Is this glundo?
who redeemed this!?
also whats good
I got a 1 minute gold on knightman today, crazy how easy it is to save time when you derust
to get familiar again
dalus and I are doing commentary on komarI's run
they asked me to do it, was glad to have carpal tunnel excuse ready. Dont wanna get on a stage like that
finding energy to stream has been hard for me recently
I just feel tired all the time
like I was off yesterday and still didnt go live
FUCK GOOMBA ROAD
consistent is my favorite word
my expansion pak has shipped so I'll be able to practice soon
also send me a seed for what you think my first rando should be
Its gonna be a train wreck, havent really played beyond chapter 5 LMAO
cant be worse than laichan phanto274Shrug
poor girl, she has been live for 1 and a half hours and only has boo portrait, and 2 seeds
you hate to see it
all badges, star pieces, and.... tattles KEKW
oh receipies
submit this for really really long a thon
I came up with some new BN23 head canon today
ArashI's mission to gas Yai was to get funds so they could hire Dusk to attack yumland and electopia :mindblown:
what do you do before chapter 8?
basically everything?
[all the side quests]
do you max partners too?
bowser cheats
he gets a buff and attacks on the same turn
he uses the star rod to make mario skip a turn OMEGALUL
fun stuff?
do you save all of quizmo for now or do you do some on the way?
whats in goomba village
I was about to meme about all the mushroom in the inn, then I realized this is vanilla OMEGALUL
Imagine knowing this game well enough to run glundo in jpn
Coney is watching strikers gameplay and it looks very... dull
It looks very slow
GL, gonna go say hi to others running pape tonight
And all your attacks having big arrows showing you charge them and you have a dodge button
gotta support this community
Coney is very sad
They at least have good goal celebration animations
yeah, new strikers doesn't interest me
and that's before the lack of Daisy
2 yeah
couldve been worse COPIUM
I hate Rune Factory 5
He can't milf hunt
WHY DOES THIS GAME PRESENT ME WITH LADIES THAT ARE 100% MY TYPE, THEN TELL ME I CAN'T BLOODY HAVE THEM
He wants to wreck homes
THIS SUCKS
I'd rather hear playground
jenysrMips Jeny raid jenysrMips
jenysrMips GL
oh no he says KEKW
jenysrMips Gl phantom!!
I have to do some things so I will be back in a few!!
did you hand in the mailbag? thats my guess LUL
ask merluvlee FeelsOkayMan
Is this a chat assisted speedrun jcogLUL
just don't call it a TAS bc then you're calling us all tools NiceSoftlock
Ive been called worse
oh no
glitchless 100.99% category when?
Improvement is improvement. We take what we can get
Is this route new?
Oh cool!
How does safe ending differ from the risky one? I have yet to look at the routes
Hmm I see
Hai hai. :D
Don't sound so enthused to see me, gosh.
I'm diving into glitchless today actually. Making some notes for myself on the route then practicing some specific chapters. Should be a couple days until I run it
Nope but I am all ears
Yeah I'm doing safe route
Power bouncing huff. Yeah I think chapter 6 in general is gonna be one of those I need to practice. Same with 7
You say that but yo those mirrors and knowing where to go mess me up lol
Honestly everything is on the practice list lmao
Oh yeah chapter 4 might be tough too for me. Lol it's just a lot but I'm excited to learn
Oh absolutely
Uh yes. I want to
Not sure if I can't
Oh cool! I be sure to look for that when I get there
madman really out here doing mega bomb
Rigby235: m
pb with mega bomb PAUSERS
mx_four: Rigby235:
yo Ryan
hellowo fowevew
and ghl
that was a typo, but let's say it stands for good heckin' luck
I'll miss my #freecannonless movement but I'm super happy with this rando update
Good heckin luck
same. that was my big issue too
What is this chapter eight that you speak of?
trick question. speedrunners don't know what chapter 8 is
also hi Ryan
Have you ever done any Thousand Year Door stuff?
What about any%? Ever thought about learning glitches for said game?
Arent the tricks like crazy hard in TTYD
I wanna see a phantom palace skip
yeah exactly. 60 fps frame perfect monkaS
What about the abomination that is Origami King? LuL
Mario out here using the Kirby hammer for a moment.
It took me an embarrassingly long time what you meant by laki fight. was trying to figure out which fight we use laki for
forgot we actually fight the dude
In a rando streamer now and we don't fight laki idk
You don't want to have to run some Refund backup strats? :D
quit dreamin pal
this is why I don't run anymore
I got too many tastes of the doogan dong and I didn't like it
doogan dong
hm odd
So, please explain the "MegaBomb%" bit to me.
The madlad.
That's... certainly a strategy.
Sounds time consuming, yeah.
Mistakes? Mn... Steaks. I miss steaks.
rowf is an air raid fan
my pb is 6 you can do it
go phantom go!
6th try
he's doing it!!!
New WR incoming.
so close
Mission failed successfully.
7???? holy crap
Sometimes, video games just say no.
now I have nothing Sadge
my pb is also 6th I think
m4 is 6 as well iirc
6 6 6 monkaS
do it with your highlight attached lmfao
yeah I agree
I love that attitude.
If I get worse than first try I want it to be really bad
In the last 56 runs I've only gotten worse than 2nd try once and it was 3rd
I think total 1st try is still just over 75% for me
which I'll take lmao
oh yeah I guess overall I have no clue what my rng is
I could maybe find out if I looked at my split files but idc about my old ones as much
yo glgl
yeah like before I started my grind I could still pb with either a fail or second try or both bc that happened once at 3:44 lmfao
not that I cant now but like eh
Doing a run I see :D
something happend I'm guessing?
0.000244140625 is 0.25^6
then * .75 would be 7th try right
well if you fail agian do rando :3
like in rando you can't fail :)
why do we need all the peach segments
and get that gomba away
Imagine playing glitchless at all tbh
he got you there hehe
new category extension?
just woke up from a late nap
maybe can stream later
Its storming pretty hard here
Hikari doesnt like storms
sometimes shell come in here and shake at my feet
best song
The castle theme is so nice
Oh no. I stepped away for a few minutes, and we've reset again. D:
What happened this time?
Ah, okay.
you excited about it?
finally someone with an honest opinion
looks like every other arena fighter and throw in every direction
hey look we are back where I joined hehe
we went back in time
oh shit, komaris is starting soon
same they have to use buster up
Ive seen someone do it
maybe method?
thats how long its been LUL
bn2 buster only is the dumbest thing ever
remember before shadowman?
you can hit him with buster but frame perfect, so its 12 frame perfect charge shots before style change
then you need heat style for null and void in undernet
bn3 you need heat style for bass aura
In bn33 I'd run kawarimi on navicust
bn3, you know
hides behind a rock
phantom, did you know I'm a mitzi bro for life
mitzi bro
I need a bro emote now LUL
Just for axl
there are so many "If this happens do this" in the route
oof, sounds like komari is peaking
Yeah just trying to make the notes not hurt my brain as much
speednotes live
speed GUIDES live ok
I'll look into ti
wait phantom, dont they have to do falzar?
how would you clear matches classes?
you cant reach the back
or I mean you cant do fire dmg
I didnt know such a thing as speedguides existed phanto274Hype ty ty I shall use it
I wonder if gregar is even possible
getting heat cross sounds like the killer
this morning I got home at 6:30... damn I missed the end of mitzI's run KEKW
Imagine getting reflectr from robodog comp LUL
Its easier since it only has mettaur encounters
but very slow
yoo congrats
congrats!! welcome to the cool kids club
Yaaaas ty ty <3
I can officially move on to glitchless for a while
cursed cartridge
send axl old cart?
like the name :D
perfect LUL
phantom is too good for us!!!!
Is this update live?
letters sounds gross
I mean yea idek those rewards never did that shit lol
yeah I'd take default out of the rotation
so each FP move cost -2?
mario went boom
nice glitch bruh
fun where I live it's raning :D
ToyBox Hype!
fire kammy LUL
crystal ball?
what does that give you in vanilla?
hehe rigby is playing paper mario to :D
go fast
I'm here all the way Phantom
Icebox buster only
I'm happy I found you here on twitch :D
this this the glundo? Kappa
waiting on the run back
hehe blue watt
1FP but flower saver so how does that work?
so I tried killing fuzzypede without watt by ending with volt shroom. but in the dark fuzzy just heals himself F
I just did it to see if the next cutscene would have a different partner text box
she is sick
curious to try auto kill and practice rom to see what happens
chapter 5 music is the best :D
yo? my game shop got Intellivision II system and loads of CIB games
I have no way to connect it tho
thats 2nd gen right?
FOR GAME PRESERVATION!!
boxed copy of he-man omg
diveman oof
sub 1:45
nah, just the kids
all this talk about buster only
but what about hamme ronly Kappa
I wish that dried shroom was a trap OMEGALUL
whats the badge?
I never noticed marios face on it lol
nice check there buddy
I be gone maybe 15 min gl
did they really take an ad break during the middle of the run?
they stopped komaris run to run run some ads
umm ... no
cream party?
I say chapter 2
you waiting on weight for chapter 3?
btw I order my ps5 panels
the went for preorder this week
have the purple controller so want it to match
buy weed everyday phanto274Jam
I tired the expansion pak again today and no luck
tried 2 differrent jumper paks and it booted fine
mark said he has an extra and will hook me up
why is the weight lower on the list?
then why is goombario at the very top Kappa
I had no idea what that was, "is that a tumor???"
how is the run going?
why cant you sell?
makes sense, he needs to store those items somewhere OMEGALULA
missed the caplock at the end there LUL
that looks so much easier
mitzi take notes
as long
someone scalping star pieces
oh no he is dead
I love you dont have laki yet
It's very sad that we don't have laki :c
lakileister? more like lack luster Kappa
laki where are you :c
5 years later
grabbed a drink, what was in the chest?
a bomb
wish it was a laki trap just to spite you KEKW
Maybe with that attitude it's too much
hey dawg those text boxes aren't randomized, I was promised everything being random
twitch just gave me an ad on the main page for condoms
dont they know that this page is for gamers?
Runs didn't go well, I take it?
wow, ghost goomba.
Is it the one that has a call of duty-type loadout screen?
shocked that star piece stayed the same
know your demographic twitch!
I'm okay with more randos.
you can explore chapter 6 right
Ive never properly played oot on n64 so will be starting that off stream soon
need to find a good button layout
how do wii do it?
just add a mic attachment and hum the songs
that sounds clean
oh boy playing songs that were meant to use a d pad on a joystick aint fun try playing pac man with a regular non arcade joystick
sub 2 at elementman
the colored plants are cannibals... huh.
I've been playing the original Zelda with my daughter on Switch with a pro controller and it's so difficult because of the D-pad. I tried the stick but noped out of that real quick
thats the run GG
are those phantom coins?
If we get goombario in the place of mega rush that will be so disappointing
ooh chapter 3 opening up
Is therre a story behind the name phantom?
wanna know pain? try playing sm64 without a z button and doing bomb clip as the FIRST STAR OF THE CHALLENGE
laki can go over lava but not water
when did you get weight?
That letter was a bomb. That's messed up.
I just looked down and thought "whats the green ultra stone" LUL
dont remember if I asked you or if it was someone else.,.,.
Is yoshi cookie made from yoshi?
HE KNOWS THE LORE
you should know koopa fortress would have traps
nice they dont have the "partner joiined your party"
Its the real one this time KEKW
I missed it but komari did indeed show off the parasol cutscene
In sky town
spider is still the best
oh wait I forgot
MEGAMAN ATTACK!!!
yeah, bn3 has the best one lol
rip harry's shop
oh! thats how you do colonel quick kill
It prevents him from summoning the soldier
you have to hit him before he moves again but he has I frames so its tight
so hit him twice on the same panel
did you upgrade hammer?
this is chap 7 tutenkoopa aint it
It DID in fact do damage even if its 1
clean fight
Cheer100 Cheer100 GET FUCKED NERD
get rainbows nerd OMEGALUL
I need to give 600, not in any rush
Is there any reason to pick power bomb over mega bomb?
does mega do more dmg?
yo!! gavel skip
going into judgemanEX with 1 HP
the book got I'm LUL
yeah, I have no idea how the book works
gavel got him KEKW
book in his front row
he's choking on gavel now
3 times in a row failed
Its bad unless you are risch
they have those same hit boxes in mother comp too
when you do the passwords
oh no
he's doing judge with beastout
thats so cringe
oh damn I missed his beast fight
I see a really big problem here.
You have Goombario.
thats a blessing
That's not a Watt, this is a Watt.
And all this to go save the Princess? I dunno... Effort vs Reward...
I'm not huge on this Bow color.
your going strong I see
green tubba :D he is also sick
question about your audio
your mic doesnt pick up your game audio since you dont have headphones?
I'm sure I dont need mine but I love my headphones
have audio technia m40x
now for mario to smell the bed
oh letter insanity is new?
wait why do you have goombario with you?
???? What's that teal Ultra Stone???
oh, yeah
I forgot
I mean, it IS the same sprite as the Ultra Stone tho
so I'm not TECHNICALLY wrong
that was easy
weird, but not unwelcome
kinda miss the lightning, ngl
EXCUSE ME
THAT'S OD
why would you ever not just nuke everything
what do you missing?
oh no
does the chest do anything in rando?
YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER *misses*
Master does better when he stops talking shit
this seed's pain
50 years later
this is kinda like 100% run hehe
this seed is evil
we in go mode?
Its been 5 hours my guy!
your on the final goal now :D
sub 6 lets go!!
but 1FP bomb is worth it
have a wild clip to share
yo glhf
I got to final but my lategame was shit
lost a min to final anyway lmao
holy shit lmao
holy shit
does the new setting let Mario do the smart thing and fly straight to Bowser
wasn't wrong then
I WAS KIDDING
once we get the konami collection
what do you mean?
thats all konami does now
a konami collection that isn't bugged to Hell n' back
I just made myself worried about that TMNT collection
the cowabunga collection
cuz I'll grab that if it's a functional experience
I'm not worried, its by digital eclipse the same guys the did megaman legacy collec ... nevermind
but phantom it has power fighters ... POWER FIGHTERS!!!
Is it possible to just power thru and win on phase 1?
I hate stuff like that, bn3 has the bass fight you cant win
btw, how is routing going?
my seed hurt me. did yours hurt you?
nope not at all
how much of Koopa koot did you do?
chased a moth out of my room lol
Is this what they call "god tier rng"?
HI YOUTUBE
why do you do this to yourself
you skip checks,
then it bites you
mine ane m4s seed had....
anti guy had ice palace key. seed behind 4th ruins key, which we got from a letter which was found in palace. Goomba king had tubba key. master 1 had star stone. Koopa koote 18th request had tubba key. so lantern ghost had luigis autograph
Do it again in under 4 hours and 40 minutes
What do you mean unlucky
You have goombario
when is quizsanity
Make it a 100k point reward
Nobody WANTS to play it
It's just really funny
Like sploosh kaboom + auction rando for WW
If m4 isn't you can raid sway
Sway just started
on alt
I like that your tracker shows spirit order now
Old ass
"This was a seed" Drake
Is it me or did you shave?
hello friendo
rando bullied me
time for me to make another Megamind meme
couldnt figure out how to clear a single chapter
not having bomb, para, or bow walled me out of chapter 2 3 and 4
may god rest your soul, you are going to play park dear god
selling ultra jelly was hype
I made meme and put in #memes
If you get speedy you get the other half of weed mario
You have to earn it
too bad he gets it anyways
Streaming multiversus would just be free stream content but like
I just don't want to play it lol
just play Jake Jake
*Jake, Jake
multiversus is not fun to watch lol
Like I got top 100 and top 5 with my char I really don't care lol
My classic play of getting high enough rank to say a game sucks
Jake called Finn Jake and he said that's his name now, so I told him that'll be his name as well
yo glgl
beating glenn on the leaderboard should be easy lol
I really hope it gets better cause the ideas are there
It's just not fun yet for me
Yea I was top 60 before I stopped
Singles I refused to touch lol
No good players are being voted in to the gimvitational so far lol
Crowned should be supported not this bullshit lol
We need to get crowned to actually break even they lost fucking 10k from sponsors because gimr had to flex his microdick
Also who wants to fucking campaign 50k to go to a hazards tourney at a horse track
The only other thing is coneys house but you can't go there unless you spend 99million channel points
Yea combo breaker is gonna have a billion things at the venue and I also know that area and there's a lotta good food and shit
Didn't port get shit on by a SWT event last year
Sounds about right
Now that they're done gimr said hold my beer
And gives 0 shits now
And people wonder why Ceo, ricks events, and anything bts wouldn't opt in to swt
Gimrs current event structure just shits out events with no prize pool just to get viewership
And every event I hear the same exact issues with everything in the venue lol
Well bighouse fucked theirs anyway
shit I didn't get to vote
I mean did gamble
I'm tired
splatoon is a joke too! grand prize is a jacket, a switch case, no prize money? get the fuck out!
oh they get 10K platinum points cant forget that one!
That might be why the panda circuit is taking a while they might be fixing that fingers crossed
Where gimr has enough setups to run bracket and then takes everything down the split second top whatever starts
Yea top players live off content anyway, tourney money is just extra
Yea I literally am only going to double down because jesse
Their modded setups are ASS
Mods should stay out of bracket
Like if anyone ever wanted me to turn off my shit when I bring my switch for whatever I would just do it cause idc if I only have colors and a few songs it just makes sense
I mostly bring mine for training mod and friendlies
whats your take on slippy for events?
oh wow
Yea it was just a couple dudes making it in free time I don't imagine it'd be groundbreaking lol
Like they did a good job but it's not absurd
thats so funny
luigi skip frame by frame
whats the most recent release? I have fp-1.1.0
yeah he gave it to me, should still have the link
when I arrived to the fortress blue koopa bro came out "YO ITS LEONARDO!!!"
They should make npc model rando
time to scramble an egg into an omelette
just ordered pape jpn... and thats everything. Can finally stop spending money on this game LUL
people do that?
m4 is testing new controllers hopefully they stop getting fucked for random tricks they can't do
hammer cancel is s w a g though
I'm mean I dont plan on grinding or anything
thats very fair
I mean with having eng and jpn on ED thatll give me 4 copies for saves lol
Top 4 of the local today was steve, cloud, steve, steve
get me out
Jaemi lost to only steve at advantage state and got 3rd
2 locals in a row had 3 steves in top 4
Actually what was the fuckin top 8 for fridays local I forgot about that one
Ok failbot didn't go yesterday so it was only TWO steves in top 4
The steve that's not mirai or failbot though sucks idk how he's getting top 4's
I've played him once and he just did layer 1 shit and I fucked him up lol
And he tried his pocket hero and proceeded to burn all his mana while I walked away
Heros other specials are really good
stage 2 side b is absurd
But yea minnesota has gone from the megaman state to the steve state
these fucks hate fun
I gotta send you a clip tho of something jaemi did to a steve on wednesday
Cause the ones that aren't failbot are genuinely mashers
Yeti got banned from AS because of a misunderstanding and they never reverted it after he privately cleared things up with the actual person involved
I think he's back in like a month or 2
he apologized and got banned still
He was friends with that person prior and after though they commentated together at the last 2 AS's he was at before being banned and I'm pretty sure that was after the thing happened lol
At least if it was who I think it was
Oh yea between the megaman era and the steve one there was also all the megamen playing minmin for a bit before she got nerfed
The minmins never won anything though because loaf existed
The one dlc pass2 matchup that's just really good for wario lol
get the maple in tubba's castle
Visitor just salt tweeted about steve and all the mn people are in the replies knowing it's a salt tweet/joke tweet and everyone from the other parts of twitter are MAD
Yay smash Twitter
Like visitor was megaman and minmin MN knows he's not allowed to tweet about characters
I follow the top players whose content I like and people in region
The rest of my twitter is art or fgc
speaking of fgc
Fgc is so much nicer to follow than smash it's crazy, like there's still shitheads but the overall group is so much better to look at
ya love to see it
buff00n I'm in a smash mood go set up your shit
There's a char I wanna fuck around with that jibca has inspired me to retry
I do not fathom the people play Miis in the Nintendo-3rd-party smorgasbord fighting platformer game
The rollback felt wack in doubles but in 1v1 it felt good
Did you plug a wire into your ps5 or were you still running wifi
I figured LOL
Like if you didn't plug it in for strive I doubted you would for multi
I've been playing unwired because I've been too lazy to make the hole mine is going through larger for 2 wires and it's felt more or less the same lol
When we got this current router tho I just stopped having packet loss issues at all on wifi on my pc
Ps4 tho I still had to wire because that shit sucks and mainly why I got pc strive LOL
Yea if the speeds are pretty much the same and you're not getting packet loss you really don't need to lol
A quarter of gigabit is still like 10x better than what most people are running LOL
Guess who is back to watch my favorite stremer :D
Fanart has sold me on Ingrids design for 3hopes
Although everyone draws the hair way nicer than it actually is lol
I've not played that game type since I played warriors 1 like a year and a half ago so I'm just in the mood for it
speedrun hyrule warriors when
witch one there is two
FE warriors was so close to being really good
the story is okay gameplay meh
If they just didn't 3ds post exclusively and didn't have clones I would like it so much more
I was mad that the fates chars were the ones with unique shit because I didn't want to play them
Falco doesn't deserve fun
you got the maple, right?
@RuneRavenFP was eating
I'm ready
oh you never responded to it so I didn't setup lol
I haven't gotten my setup out since as gimme a sec lol
@buff00n lobby up
just be like morph he don't think
same that's why I can't sleep ever lol
do a glitch TF2John
that's not
the emote I wanted
why did it complete to that
what the fuck even is that emote
TF2John who is tf2 john
why is he
He is not safe hggMickey
wow buff00n was the first one ready but heavy day has already looped once
and he aint here
Least this song slaps
Ok back to goldlewis theme
modCheck still an empty lobby
how many guilty gear songs will I burn through before he shows up
None of these songs are short either lol
lobby is more dead than buff00ns punctuality
BITCH MAKE ME WRONG FOR ONCE PLEASE
was talking to my mum
get the game right dumbass
also lobby is back up
PROLOGGERS YO WHEN WAS THIS ADDED
oh yeah go fast
almost forgot
dont go fast
spite him
the moment I threw out that dtilt I said "ah, right. Super armor"
y'know I forgot about wing armor too
I just wanted to poke the floor
I'm imagining kolorado puking on the SSTuna
have you played harvest moon 64?
same here I loved it
I got it cheap at a movie rental
remember buying used games at movie rentals?
I forgot sushie is purple
new strats?
I was lurking in a stream with pape 64 HD textures, really dont like how it looks honestly. Feels like the personality of the partners are gone
wait on cardboard mario
paper mario X Labo
I'm not
nintnedo doesnt do things that make "too much sense"
a new glitch!?!?
Its something that happens in this speedrun
Ive seen that in speedruns
just not glitchless KEKW
I approve of using bombette more
you didnt even use bombette tho
oh? I didnt notice
mustve been out of it
I forgot it was yoshis I can't do that and live
"he's falling kinda fast- oh"
yea I inputted fastfall after the fair instead of before so it maintained the speed lol
but rando is fun :D
that I can see hehe
run rando and a different speed game LUL
do ttyd rando
If it existed then maybe
smrpg rando
WW rando is genuinely pretty fun every now and then
and it's like the most beginner friendly tricks
so is there only paper mario that has rando in the era?
I see
uh oh
I turned on turbo and dont know how to turn it off LMAO
fair enough
turbo socpens2FAST
Ive never actually played it
despite having a snes mini
I do NOT understand the hype behind Geno
I had a snes growing up but it just had smw, all stars, and aladdin
even yoshis island?
aladdin fucking SLAPPED tho
CANnot fathom why people love Geno
jesse has bad taste
tbf, I like SMRPG for it's music, graphics humor
and nonsense
Me and my sibling found star world before we had access to the internet and our minds were fucking blown
SMB3 > SMW
stop spittin'
I grew up with both and I never liked 3
you're flooding my house
with facts
stop being unlucky
I had a sega, brother had a snes. But he lived with his grandmother [we had different dads] we hung out ever other weekend. Sometimes he would surprise me and bring his snes over. Then eventually he gave it to me. I still have it.
I dont wanna hear it
I had an atari 2600 until I got my sega OMEGALUL
Irememberr the controller more than the games KEKW
Oh yea the other game my snes had was american ff3
Brother had a Genesis, Uncles had a Genesis and SNES
and that's the only ff game I ever played
so I had the best of both worlds
do you like them or hate them?
one thing I love about black pit is shortcuts when fightings, like C up is jump, c right is hammer ect.
I'm slowly learning that sephiroth can kinda do the things I want
He does what I wanted ike to do but then he can actually fucking move
I love seeing duck hunt
Raito is playing banjo now so we have 0 duck hunts
I missed seeing void wrecking shit with pichu
out of the gate that shit was hype
lightning loops LUL
I like watching dabuz if he's playing rosa
Puppet chars are always cool to me
It'd be really funny
I broke the practice rom lol
was on goomba road loaded a warp and I picked up the star rod then it crashed
I only tried to go to toad town
y'know I didn't like the situation I got put in for being right
I was correct on him swinging then my octoslash traded and got me kill combod offstage because he had less hitstun
shield breaker, baybeeeeeeee
feeling pretty tired so calling it here
uhhhhhhh can you skip this on JP?
Marth would've killed that
If you were marth I don't think I'd ever lose my wing before I cap out the damage
only one way to find out
that should've been tipper when you got that 2nd wing
there I could play the game since we weren't on lylat
This char not it on slants lol
go approximately 45.5 seconds faster
he bolted
not even tipper fsmash feels satisfying
this character SUCKS
I just broke buff00ns ankles
Shimmied the fuck out of a grab
gl with the run PogChamp
I only know the Green Meadows part of the run so seeing the other levels will be cool
PAPER POKEMON 64, WOWIE!!!! MY FAVORITE GAME!!!!
I'm shiny hunting Eevee in Arceus and I got a shiny Carnivine
Haunted and Granite zone are my personal favs
Gotta love motion controls
Better than the dog island sled racing tho
gtg but gl with the rest of the run!
nice obstacles
all friends Pog
wait idk you ran this!
yeah but steam deck and crippling warioware addiction so I didn't check twitch lol
I actually got my first 100 in a warioware set
was pretty pog
Hi Phantom and Chat! Saw your Dog Island run recently and had a lot of fun. :)
Yup, the GDQ one
I love Paper Mario. I don't know what Battle Network 6 looks like, I think I saw the beginning of 3 and I was mindblown by the manips ...
6 has no manips
I have no idea what those mean xD Guess I gotta wait till I catch you streaming it :P
Why'd you hit him
what you didn't have was mercy
Don't know about that either o: Sorry I still have a lot to learn haha
and she wanted to throw hands
I went positive on jaemi with my seph in friendlies today tho
I hit my footstool shit it's pretty simple on falco hitboxes because of the hitstop
But yea it's very satisfying to have falco dair my shield and I stop on him and impale him
Is this pokemon the best one for this?
The minigame glenn has played for like 50 hours
clearly ... they used their own secret wood stash
Item sliding oneeMonkas
Fridge when are we making a Bridge emote
oh shit there's a fridge on a bridge emote
you should make me a 7tv editor
I need to add gerberwott
0.49 seconds O_o
He's tied at worst on all of them I think
Me saying he played 50 hours was not exaggerated
He had way too much patience for it
He would just do 8 hour streams of that shit
That's some dedication xD
Speaking of dedication, imma go nap for a bit, how much longer do you stream for?
I'd play this map in hots
hey phantom I called mid rigby2NinOko
Lowkey this is the layout of cursed mines LOL
BloodTrail awesome, good luck with the rest of the run, though you'll gold every split it seems
The only thing mid is you
Ok I have to leave for the strive local in like 5 minutes so I should get ready
have fun making friends and murdering baby pokemon
I already know glalie fucks I'll survive
16 minute gold?
skill issue
this minigame was my GOAT when I played this game LUL
blaziken is def the worst
how do they keep track
for all we know we couldve been the 1026th visitor
Ight well anyways imma lurk now, gl on the power of friendship
yay it's still going lol
that music reminded me a bit of mario, ngl
In casual, what else are berries for? you have way too many
Okay. I'ma need you to explain yourself on this one.
Nothing to say for youself? KEKWait
Did you ever play Hey You, Pikachu! on the N64?
I never had any issues with it.
I might go play some DBD for a bit, but, this is certainly something.
Good.. uh... luck?
Good.. good job.
I think.
ooh rando
the way Watt was positioned for a sec, I thought you had to buy her from Ralph
I love the Waluigi color, but I don't care even the slightest about Waluigi himself
It's backwards, I admit that
I instinctively almost asked "why"
these Boos know what's up
the turtle gives you the "Slow Go" badge
How was park driving from work
what is a short rando? starting with 3 cards?
I've never seen the train smash the rock
you know you don't wanna save the yoshis
don't let the challenge runners hear that
Laki can do lava but not water?
Laki isn't waterproof
I like the red penguins
but you can't use his ability right?
Can't believe that penguin fuckin died
no it's not
what is that copypasta
@Glennjaamin No I have not, thank you for asking
Np TacoGuy
why's the temple still in the sand
HOLY MOLY
then how'd you get the star spirit
yee I doing rando
I'm 3 hours in and I STILL haven't found Parakarry
I even have everything to beat Ch 3
It's just like "where the hell are you hiding"
I also think more coconuts were added
I have found waaay more than I usually do
this seed SUCKS
excuse me
thats a sin
that was a little worth it
fried goomba on the menu tonight
do you have blue key?
oh wait you have red key
what a tease
thank you Koover
Parakarry had a crash landing
no bubble tree?
He crashed his Xbox
hey hey hey
thats true
It wasn't my fault kinda
Speaking of crashes?
Coley's cursed
uh oh
THAT'S A YIKES FROM ME, DOG
I CURSED THE STREAM NotLikeThis
oh god you had lettersanity turned on??
please title the yt video as "Short Rando(?)"
oh Redd is chill
cya dude gn LUL
have you ever been in a situation where your diglet couldnt evolve when it was on like donkey Kong.. its like you needed a Mario to make it bigger but instead you get a from Mario Kart.. but it was like sonic the hedgehog but over before it started with no continues.. so you lay down like snorlax really embarrassed.. its like you need a majoras mask to cover yourself in front of princess Peach.. not the castle you wanted to show her
the decor on the castle made me think Piplup was the one talking about being cold to friendship
ah, I never got a chance to play this as a kid it's so cute! Also hey hey, GL on learning the route!
LUL -SpAtk? ouch
Golem is very friend shaped
how is iron so rare? in almost every other game ever it's gold that's hard to get
oh wow so that was really good but really bad rng LUL LUL LUL
oh jeez
... casually spinning pokemon into molten lava? what a charming game WutFace
I didn't study for no pop quiz
oh heck, tank controls on a wiimote? that's gross
platforming??? oh I gotta see that
you keep inching him closer to the lava and I'm gettin WORRIED
.... so he won't battle you? guy's a big chicken
aw heck yeah spooky time
I mean I'd not wanna meet a Tangrowth down a dark alley bro LUL
scary parties you say?
waggle warrior time
Cranidos OP LUL
I was not emotionally prepared for such a spooky Pokmon
to whom do I send my therapy bill
He more or less caused this run to happen in some shape or form
It's a very long pipeline but it does connect to him
I mean I would've
He goes to advantage states
I should run park 2 again I need a run on SRC that's not our co-op run I didn't contribute in LOL
Let's just race park 1
Park 1 doesn't ha e oshawott
So I will play 2
Park 1 has Jolteon in pre-game tho
Park 2 is post so ew
Also shake requirements
Only thing better about Park 2 is the dance zone mini game
I will be a waggle warrior for oshawott
Let's do the 3p 380 soon :)
I'm going to Midwest tho
wholesome Rotom
Kakuna go brrrrrrr
thats a deep voice on Absol LUL
aw man platforms
not optimal smh
dash -> jump -> dash -> jump
LUL LUL LUL LUL LUL
"what's my name"
no best question must reset
ah I'm in tears irl, got a headset on so that "eheheh" was right in my ear LUL LUL LUL
... sitting Togekiss is cursed WutFace
these secret words are very live laugh love LUL
Why does flygon have to scream
PokPikachu PokPikachu PokPikachu
HD remakes of these games when
we fall guys now
fuck this minigame there's cursed shit in it
shoot the x :)
secret 1 million points
why'd you headbutt Lucario like that
damn I can't do anything - *takes out Lucario in cold blood*
My obstacle hop go crazy
LUL which game dev passed this
wow Mew, so Tyranitar is your favourite? WutFace heck all other Pokemon in existence apparently
Mew is now your friend! But you're not his best friend. That's Tyranitar OhMyDog
I am going to punt that charmander
He is going into orbit
BRING HIM BACK
aw man the splits art is perf pieYeehaw
Name this pikachu sway2
I'm not biased
I will gift a sub if you name it sway2
yea who cares it loses me happiness if you dont
omg thank you
you can get rid of the Pikachu/Eevee????
phanto274Love these emotes are heckin cute
or do you mean, reset
this is still a pikachu adventure it's fine
ok I updated it
@RuneRavenFP true'ing
Yea no attribution
wonder if she got mine
she has not
I @'d her in discord but that was when her cat was lost so she might've forgot with all that
I didn't really wanna poke her about anything during that for obvious reasons
the pokeball spindashes
PokPikachu PokPikachu PokPikachu PokPikachu
It even rev'd UP
that's a spindash
oddish pls NotLikeThis
OhMyDog OhMyDog OhMyDog OhMyDog
Best boy Nidorinoooo
hes a pink dinosaur puppy what is there not to love
who made the shitstain on the table
he a lil bit of a poopypants I guess
LUL LUL LUL took a dump on the table just to be extra
Or he's just into that kinda thing
sometimes you need a little smooch after looking at a shit table
I'm so excited for your bot to just start saying stupid stuff
do it
would you like to see coney's title
sway2 would never fail
pink one better
so elegant, so beautiful I love you lapras
finally he arrives
oh nice! compensation for Nido-lateness
LuvSign LuvSign LuvSign LuvSign
even a lil bit of Nidorino is better than none LUL
these are some nice spawns OhMyDog
I never appreciated helping hand as a kid embarrassingly it's only been recently that I've realised how great it is
I've not seen a LGP run so I'm excited to see how this one differs
yeye, been watching Etchy for a couple of months but it's only been LGE
that Clefairy was just straight up deleted
PokPikachu PokPikachu PokPikachu
whats the ideal +/- stats wise, if you could pick?
pff, friendship isn't FAST LUL
wait so the evil teams that keep telling us pokemon are tools - they're right?
Starmie time PokPikachu
I've never gotten a shiny in Let's Go
yo what
do you keep them? like do they go into HOME?
oh yeah
I'm 2 for 2 on shiny geodude in aop somehow
prob never running it again
It is a lot
of waiting for 1% spawns
sry I'm dumb and it's 5am where I am, what's AOP?
dratini pinsir clefable kangaskhan
there's more idr
aop is all obtainable pokemon
oh I see! thank you
oh and catching the birds is awful
I dunno what the odds are but I know they're bad
tfw unironically want a Blaine doll NotLikeThis
I've done like 2
It's a rly good run for the sake of dusting off the cobwebs OhMyDog I've been impressed the whole way through
my eevee pb doesn't have rhyhorn
my first 3:0x was so good except for that lol
I wonder how much time it loses to miss that
I feel like it's gotta be at least like 30 but overall it isn't bad
It's also worse the longer you don't have pony
aw man I love cringe double battles with a trash tier NPC partner OhMyDog
glad they kept up the tradition in SwSh as well
PokPikachu PokPikachu PokPikachu
Rapidash can have a little level up as a treat
LUL LUL LUL LUL
I was getting a screencap before I banned LOL
aw yeah vaporwave gym
still based LUL
I agree it is based
Iconic even
A very good 5 dollars spent
just be lucky dumbass
aw heck yeah we here
bad pikachu, delayed Nido, bad Starmie, but rly decent run
the most aggressive sitting I've ever seen
Lance, pal...... calm down LUL
well this is new hehe
been a chill pokemon day PokPikachu
well it's a good game
had to take a break of paper mario :D
oh dang! hope you have a good time on vacay!
I'm friends
WOOO lmao, I couldnt check beforehand D: np
I'm good
have a great night :)
It's half 6 in the morning here so I'm gonna go LUL cheers for the stream tho! love from the UK LuvSign
funni fish
made it for the beginning this time! PokPikachu
I drank Baja Blast and found shiny Basculin
what a normal day, hopefully no one ends up in Undertale
this is why chikorita is the worst Johto starter
Chikorita hesitated before following you in, she did it on purpose
go fast already
you go fast
dont wanna
maybe tm
you saved me, I was so bored I was tempted to play danganropa
so thx btw
Bulbasaur's a bro
I usually get treeko and my swing dependents are either aipom/ambipom or buizel/floatzel
hide and seek peasant smh
aipom would be across bridge by mankey
I've been checking throughout the day both yesterday and today to congratulate you for your run. but never lived when I checked whomLUL
and aipom spawns ambipom
aipom chase
ambi battle
your run made the English any% runs to 50
I also amused watching it to verify it
hi cinder
hi glenn
boop firework already
I'm scared
dont be
last any% I spent 50 seconds looking for torchic
just be a minute faster
I dont wanna relive that
I can easily bop firework all I need is to not do password pikachu for gyarados
why are you even using passwords anyways Glenn
use to do it so brain went "do it again"
I *should* come back into speedrunning
I'll just verify things
and say hi glenn when he puts it in the description
no quick kill?
decent mankey
better than my most recent mankey kills tbh
anyways hi. I'm Cinder. the main mod for Park 1 cinder23Smile
so I heard in your vod. all friends
I approve
ooo we can race :)
I.e do it at the same time
as long as your all friends any% time beats Cheez's normal any% time. you're golden
for my sanity sake
aw man I'd love to watch a race
cheez's normal any% time is like 4hr
If it seems I'm mean to Cheez, don't worry. he's my friend and LITERALLY WANTS TO BE THE WORSE PARK RUNNER
YOOO ODDISH FREE
BACK BY BRIDGe
Imagine doing h&s strats whomDerp
there's basically two spots and you could see one of them during the countdown
Imagine having a good time in this game gcjLUL
that headbutt of frustration pieBaited
peepoSad missing spearow jump
Pachirisu noooooo
I feel like the game would be rude to me for not playing it in so long
I'd recommend still going for golduck for the sake of gyarados attraction
pokepark was kind to me after I took a break
for all friends it was like 3 minutes or somethin
park was kind to me in a race with furi and rob when livesplit crashed and mid run I was editing whoms pokemon counter thing for Series race
and that was the last time
I might do park bingo soon cause bingo funny
also I spent like 2 hours making bingo layouts
I'm off to bed. I expect a run to verify with all of Mantis' tomorrow's gcjHi
goals are okay tbh cause they are split between attraction/friend making decently well
I shall
bye bye cinder
tell Josh to submit his park ils he did like last week
lmao gotcha
we may have a streak on snap but unless whoms talking to him, he doesn't respond to me much gcjDed
okie bye
time to become a photographer
NotLikeThis NotLikeThis NotLikeThis
for the electabuzz one?
so we uh, don't want the power up?
It starts on no wth
@NidorinoBubble nah you wanna save up for dash upgrades
ahhhh that makes sense, ty Glenn and streamer
good thing you dont have mawile as your split icon for cavern
fuck mawile
she's so mean
bad chase and she purposefully tanked the cavern zone economy by hiding the rail
also bad mouthed aron
heck mawile
AWESOME TUTORIAL
Chikorita just wanted to talk
not content with just trying to kill you, she also wants to kill your run
7.37 smh
I need a 7.1x at least
this is truly a turtwig moment
Its a park
Its a t-bolt dash combo twice
so hold the L aint my fault
behind you
chrisPog chrisPog chrisPog
I do?
What did Pikachu do
aww Pikachu cute tho
I don't think I hated pikachu
Maybe charizard
Typlosion said give me that Charizard base stats
You killed Treeko
Oh no
art badge :0
hi trumbo
this game is so brutal
hi glonn
2 for 2 today
not treecko
Ice zine twitter stuff looks nice
ty glenn
pfp looks cute as fuck trusty
I made a really bad one at first lol had to make a take 2
take 15 photos
smile for the camera
chrisPog HE SAID NO
ah this zone is great
get to where the shadows overlap then jump
It's morbin time
yoooo is that hit movie #1 all time morbius?
hes gonna morb
shout-out to all the morbheads out there
thats just insult to injury
saving -.1 seconds
I go away to get coffee and come back to you bullying geriatric pokemon WutFace
that bird kill was really unnecessary tbh
swsh has best azurill bc they go boing
hey hey hey
oo I'm loving these badges
you are making him do hide and seek
shame on you
oh yeah
I forgot I did that laksjhf
yeah the sub badges look great
Have any questions on the run so far though? Not that I really remember this game much
brady he missed an oddish hide and seek when it was on the screen OMEGALUL
.... huh, for a critter with no opposable thumbs that bridge is rly aesthetic LUL
BRO HE MISSED FAST ODDISH?
THATS -4 SECONDS I'm CRYING RN
you reset that run cause you selected yes on electabuzz
lmfao that literally kills your run completely hahaha
practice via ILs :)
I win
feraligators cry is so wimpy in this
thats just a guy
jumping saves sooooo much more time phantom ;(
wow Empoleon is a bit of a big peepee WutFace
froslass needs to leave his ass
she deserves better
she can do way better
man's just tryna create stable infrastructure
CHASE LFG
ahhh spheal
I go burmy instead :)
Is quiz slow or just annoying
I'm TELLING YOU ITS NOT 1 IN 5 THATS SO BULLSHIT
deathline made up a random ass gold ore statistic and everyone agreed with it lol
Its only 1 in 5 for all friends
Ive gotten gold 1st try in almost all of my allfriends runs
took me 12 attempts to get gold in recent all friends
are you sure the rate is consistent from disc to disc
too early L
I frames smh
smearing grease on the disc increases your iron odds
the battle for bikini bottom strat
Octillery's animation LUL LUL LUL
holy shit that quagsire
Jesus that poor Mamoswine
yeah mamoswine can walk on that he wont fall through its good
froslass laughing at glalie's pain D:
rude af
Froslass is gonna leave him for you PokPikachu
first mawile now this
torterra is one of the easiest fights but yall aint ready for that conversation
oH yeAH TorTERra iS eASy, juSt PusH hIM iNTO thA WaTER
not having that convo
Mamoswine wtf man WutFace "it's okay that he attempted to murder me, or at the very least imprison me in ice forever, we just have different viewpoints"
who do you think you are, bradyboo, world record holder of park 1
I still love that vid when legends was announced, where they edited the trainer over the torterra fight
okay glennjamin, 14th place holder of mario 3d world
not even my greatest achievment, you mean, glennjaamin, world record holder of every pokepark gyarado IL
who do you think you are, uhhhh idk woo #
Are you doing max dash or double dash route?
11 obv
what comes out of bonslys eyes
rainbows, of course
meowth is the poor man's backup to torchic
we dont talk about torchic
this is a funny game to listen to
you just hear random pokmon names
I love the cries in this game
tbolt her for consistency shift3
froslass just bullied glalie we caught it in 4k
now hes gotta do the crate strat to save 0.002 seconds :0
the glenn strat
actually if you pick up a crate and shove yourself into the corner you can clip into the next zone
cant wait for the summoning salt video where he talks about the glenn strat
the game was dry with runs forever until one day a discovery was found dubbed "the glenn"
If I had a nickel for every person ive convinced to play park, I would have 2 nickels
which isnt much but still surprising
brady look at what you've made him do
fricken item sliding
mf did it on the wrong side
Its the only place that actually might save time
hardest thing in the game and all you do is just run against a wall ResidentSleeper
this man making the loop
I love the raichu cry. who did that with their mouth
losing half a second not picking gible smh
It's only like that cause you dont care about the bonus
If you want third stage dash get bonus with gible cause its 5k
theres like 4 options for this attraction, gible saves the most time and raichu is the easiest and most lenient
DUGTRIO NOOO
NotLikeThis NotLikeThis NotLikeThis
just get magby
dugtrio is in the route wtf
LMAO BRADY
how have you been completing runs
Dugtrio is free as hell he's just a talk
when is eevee version?
It is I just checked lol
you know... the better version
getting gaslighted in my route
this game looks cringe
If you are following the route but skipping dugtrio I'm confused on how you can get past rotom without being roadblocked
he got an extra in meadow since he went ambi/aipom as well
Ohhhh ok
he should be way over atm tbh
what can Pikachu do with a gold nugget
enter the drug trade
I remember when we didnt know you can just hold the run button to run through that cutscene
we used to have to mash and it was like a 2 frame window for a 1 sec time save lol
rhyperiors is a nightmare in allfriends :(
are you a sick enough dude to be friends with rhyperior
stinky attraction
you can skip the bonus in this actually
my favorite part
oh boy
lurking playing some minecraft with pokepark sfx is not expected to be relaxing
theres no timing its honestly just buffering your inputs and mashing
agreed. still not consistent at it
drifblim is saying glenn I swear
ah yes autoscrollers my favorite
all the same lmao yeah
lmao when you put it like that
Pokepark speed runs? Interesting
I didn't know it had a battle system like this
Cheer10 gg
thousands upon thousands to save 5 seconds at the end of the day
now do it again
Same lol
Jibca gets here in like 6 hours
Ooh where you going?
Combo breaker
Do a rando on the plane
Nice, have fun!
Loaf tweeted about mn smash being negatively different since 2019 and I'm glad finally someone brought it up lol
I've been talking to jibca about that for months
YO RIDDLES JOINING TEAM LIQUID
It's weird to explain but like the energy is just different, the top end is just shitters and then there's a gap for the twins and failbot and some of the TO's running shit now are just eugh
Mainly just the TO for saturday shit who is currently being ratiod absurdly hard in loafs replies LOL
But yea I'm not engaging with the twitter end of that because there's no reason to
So I just posted a mario odyssey weed mario
MORE SPLITS
DOUBLE LIVE
But yea Idk why people are that surprised about loafs tweet, it's the reason Jibca won't play ultimate for the most part
Like he has gripes with the game itself but he's said to me he mainly won't go to shit because he just doesn't care for the people anymore
He'll come with for me and jaemi tho on some occasions
Yea when I went to AS I was like "Oh I should talk to people and whatever" then I got there and realized besides lucky who do I really wanna talk to there besides hanging out with like jaemi and failbot lol
Cause plant isn't there
If brady goes I'll hangout with him tho
I didn't get to meet him that was the one week he didn't go lol
GL PHANTOM I WILL MIGRATE TO BED TO WATCH
Brady I'm likely gonna be at like every AS in june so go to those
I wasnt at todays either lol
I wanted to go today but work + ride isn't in town currently
did they halve his coin requirement
I haven't played since rando patch 1 lol
I have no idea what you look like taco so you have to be the one to find me
look at any of aurawolfs sets from last AS besides the lucky one and I'm right behind him
Also this seed is very good
It has goombario
Bow is pretty good at hide and seek
She had a good spot
Goombario is the best tho that's why you never get him usually
The only reason :)
Surely you would never find him and leave
He's just a good hider
But yea I've felt a similar thing to the st cloud people for like months too lol
Like I pretty much just go to hangout with the TO, Shrumble, and Jaemi
Old ass
everyone is so weird at locals
what do I expect though its a local LOL
MN locals are very interesting crowds
But yea at st cloud shit I'll play Wario for Jaemi obv and then I'll play it for the people I know genuinely want to improve and want the exp
But for the shitters I will just go falco
hes going to go falco vs me NotLikeThis
The more I play falco the more I think fuck that character
He has too much shit
Thank god jaemi can't do the IDJ loops LOL
I mash that shit and get 60 for free into kill situation
the 2 things my falco does that jaemi can't
I can dragdown fair off neutral win
And I can IDJ combo
I'm just an 0-2 but I keep up with everyone in friendlies just fine and win decent amount of them so I'm fine :)
But then he's just better everywhere else lol
Fuck falco
@Bradybooo I'm playing seph now so I can tell you shit
My seph already going positive in game count in friendlies with aurawolf
Footstool dair is so fucking good for falco murdering
seph wins the matchup tho
They did once
Because lucky isn't my r3 anymore
lemme check again
Seph def wins but like
If I'm not doing good shit I will get falco'd very hard against him
Was very funny at AS last week because Failbot let Jaemi pick yoshis because Failbot mained mario before steve
you have to spam alot of fair in the matchup
And now he perma bans it lol
AS stagelist is some ass tho
Isn't it just everything besides NC
Cause that list is good lol
dont need 3 triplats bro :(
Yea that's a good stage list
It's everything besides HB and NC
and then theres town and kalos and fd
This is just a good stagelist with 3 bans lol
replace kalos and lylat and we chilling
Aight so you're one of those
Starters: Battlefield, Final Destination, Pokemon Stadium 2, Smashville, Town & City Counterpicks: Small Battlefield, Kalos, Lylat Cruise, YoshI's Story
It does
That's why it's good
It used to have 2 bans like a month ago
It's just the st cloud ruleset besides the fact that it's 3 ban instead of mdsr
2 bans with that stagelist is a nightmare though. 3 is aight
I just need 1 ban for fd
then I'm chillin
FD ain't even bad for me I just don't like it
I played friendlies with jackypoo for my first time at the local for an hour and then I got the dude r1 in bracket
Ezekiel3 YO A THIRD ONE
how shitty is that
They made aurawolf my r3 despite us playing every month in st cloud and also me putting a note on the reg to not do that lol
Like besides failbot I'm the one who would beat jaemi in that venue but I don't wanna do that early lol
Cause MN has no defensive players besides failbot, Jaemi runs his offense to hell and back on people
you say that but half of our region plays steve and samus
and then theres the megamans that carried over from s4
I'm super sadge about it too theres so many steves and I havent fought one yet. like its a super good matchup for Seph I actually WANT to fight steve
Mirai is a masher so them playing steve doesn't count for that
I've played a buncha friendlies with failbot tho he's a bitch
Cool ass dude but fuck playing him LOL
My bracket hasn't changed since this week lemme name search you
Yep the same
Jaaahsh is in your pool after that lol
Beat his ass
He plays bayo right
thas free
Haus is cool af
get along with him very well at AS and he doesnt play like a bitch its nice
Keep in mind ikan has a powerful mind, he doesn't have a twitter so he is at full mental capacity
they will flood the stage so you can pushed up
you get
What if they put me in jesse's pool and I won
Also AK didn't go to this for some reason
Kinda wanted to beat his ass in bracket
One of my fgc to's is in jesse's pool lol
Proc might have to play DaddyDan r2, they're probably not good but if he loses to Daddy fucking Dan I'm not letting him live it down
I'm going to bed gn all
The tag is just really good lol
I'm very surprised I'm seeded to leave my pool
I have a top 60 seed somehow
I'm seeded to lose to #2 in chicago and get to top 96 that way
YO TOP NASB CONTENT!?!?!?
You're fucked
He's gonna turn off the voices and start moving
Ok just saw some dude on twitter reply to someone draw genshin protag as black and got offended over it and their pinned tweet was some shit about twitter likes not mattering so I checked there's
And it's anime feet bot posts
what even is the internet
YEA THEIR LAST LIKE
IS FROM "FeetHentaiBot"
jesus fucking christ the likes are all cosplay onlyfans and crinkly foot hentai
That's enough twitter for now I'm going to lab smash for a bit
Do it again
but did you do funny jump
maybe I should look at the screen huh
my b
You get a Drake
If I manage to get top 24 winners I play ned
I'd have to beat steve to do that....
Path before is #2 in IL who plays lucina, I've played before and it went ok
Into lucky which I can very much win
Set with lucky at AS was 2 last hit games that went absurdly close to time lol
I also SD'd game 2
At 20
But it was kalos so after I hit the waft I was big fucking chillin on the plats
Also was demonstrated where his defense lacks because he played jaemi right after
And got shit on LOL
It's so fun watching people play him for the first time
People aren't used to not being allowed to play without having good defensive play
And then Falco hits you twice
Yea me and Jaemi play the exact same with eachother in wifi sessions and there's so many spots where we're mutually like "Yea he hit that offline" so it makes it way easier to mentally play long sessions with him online lol
Ah yes the pinnacle of good option = always good and not looking at why people use the option in a scenario
option = good option*
Why would you ever BW outside of combo without techchase or projectile read
Also wanted to update my mods because I haven't for a bit and had things to add
And realized pc doesn't have an sd slot lol
Yea I wish I wasn't lazy about updating mods and did it sooner
Cause I wanted to add more music before cb lol
I want that new geese theme
Why do my weed mario tweets do better than my clips
I have a weed mario folder now
It has 6 whole unique weed marios
Honestly I'm feeling kinda confident I could place my seed
This bracket isn't too bad honestly
Maister won coinbox after DQ'ing r1 for a covid test lol
what game is this?? hmm well judging from the graphics and the obvious age of the relic I would have to say It would be GARBAGE.. GARBAGE FROM KING GARBAGE FROM THE GARBAGE DYNASTY lol
he won 19 sets in a row on wifi
hahah how are u dude
how long is the flight
u going to combo breaker.. bruuh.. u didn't u say something we could've room and stuff lol
and I would've gone
still would've paid for my share lol
buy the soda
It's refreshing
anyway good luck ok
I'm bringing the ps4 to the airbnb so we can fuck around with kof
I haven't played since launch lol
I just kinda bought it to support the game cause I had extra money and it looked fun but then the matchmaking was ass and no friends had it lol
They still haven't fixed matchmaking but the lobbies are good
Tempted to buy marvel 3 to fuck around too since none of us actually play it it'd be fun
there will be no vergil or morrigan fuckery
I played it a tiny bit with 74 because he bought it for me and it was fun
We just fucked around and didn't lab combos so it was just flailing and it was great
Wdym you don't have a spare dreamcast + crt to fly with lol
I found the original render that was given weed and I can't look at mario the same
could you lzs from that top entry wall onto that table for the item
like if you scew it right
didn't lzs from the clock to that table smh
yea but you lose coolness factor
People are streaming morbius on the artifact category LOL
I DONT KNOW
BUT IT'S MORBIN TIME
I'm putting this up on the other monitor
It's 10 minutes in
aw hell yea they got subtitles too
Jesse is watching it rn too with bear from a separate vod LMAO
The chat is just only saying it's morbin time
holy shit what is this camera work
They just had the slowest fucking shaky cam running scene
and nobody was chasing him LOL
a snack for later
I'm hungry, you don't wanna see me when I'm hungry, he's about to morb I think
he's morbing
CHANNEL GOT BANNED NOOOO
I'm so sad now
I wanted to do a little morbing
I am trying to hook up a wiimote to my computer and having problems
can we watch morbius tomorrow
yeah connecting it is easy it is getting it to do anything that is hard
It wasn't interesting or good from the first 30 minutes but I also want to morb
If you are using dolphin than they have it set up so you can use it easily
but I am trying to use it on stuff that is isn't wii games
Someone is watching revenge of the sith in artifact category lol
so it is hard
That's what it's always been wdym
It's always been hentai and free movies LOL
There is nobody playing this game there's currently streams for Dune, Spongebob, and King of the Hill
was it ever alive
what robotics club were you in in high school?
yeah I am doing that right now
my team is going to egypt over the summer
yeah they have districts now in addition to regionals now
5HSNK 6OI!!!
ermm ... thank you
I need this escape rn
@Axl_Sensei Drake
well we still had to drive 2.5 hours to portland for one of our district events so
my shift is looking like 5 or 6 am send halp!
I don't live as far north as Seattle so
I'll be in bed around 8am
I wish that seed in the cave was a trap lmao
so was doesn't annoy me as much as when people think that washington state doesn't exist and just think that Washington dc is the only one
you coming to orlando?
chicago has buff00n so it's worse
one day we'll do the phantom_axl meet up
when I get there it will be better tho
also I have a clip for you
but not now, I'm on mobile
yes, it's worth sharing again LUL
(New game)!
fucking hate new game
Well I'm not a weeb and didn't know that existed sooo
so tell us, what's it like to miss a 25 six times KEKW
typo, I'm blaming auto correct
Maybe it's good I never made you play windwaker you'd still be doing pg skip
so tonight being thurs
If I'm not too tired I'll try rando again
finish and raid me I'm gonna stream while I practice/lab
I'm looking at 45 hours in 4 days
I was gonna a while ago but then there was morbing and I also wanted to watch this seed
no raid Me! I'll be live in 16 hours
He has a good point do that
train station?
my brother offered me a job doing data entry, very considering it
he runs an insulation company
what game are you making
It starts a tadpole
Is this a passion project?
don't forget to include a rando mode
why do you think pape rando is so successful?
making video games is hard I am trying to make a board game though
yeah I have like almost everything done for the board game it is just kinda broken in how it plays
Is that good?
so it needs to be tweaked
BEST WAIFU
sending that image to komari and dalus
so when bn6 buster only?
did you change your mind yet?
falzar buster only you heard it chat!
time to go back
my bombette mashing is bad
have a safe flight
ok have successfully packed clothes a whole 3 hours before leaving
went to the restroom and randomly remembered I didn't do that lol
I literally only have jeans and most my shirts look the same so it wouldn't have mattered I can do it in 5 minutes LOL
YO THERE'S A NEW MORBIUS ACCOUNT
I CAN WATCH
THE THIRD MORBIUS247
aw hell yea he's already morbing
I don't get how the yoshI's get home after you save them like do they swim through the water or something
this opening sequence is just alien but morbed
couldn't you havealso just mega quaked everyone
Wanna become famous? Buy viewers, followers and primes on yourfollowz. com
no fuck you
It would be a neat touch that if a shyguy is holding slow go the shy guy moved super slow
and if speedy spin it moves super fast
but no one plays without always speedy spin so that would never happen
whens the always slow go setting
just go faster
have you thought about adding a out of logic option to the tracker?
he's morbing again
only 25 minutes of shit that didn't matter but he's doing it again
wouldn't it be better the upgrade fp once than to the thing where your fp+hp go down that way you get even more bp
what is the condition for the crash?
oh I have just never encounterd the crash
my switch won't turn on uh oh
It booted cfw weirdly and loaded home but then it turned off
oh ok we good
Removed SD and waiting a while holding the power button got a vanilla boot
you know why I will never encounter a problem with my switch
because I don't have one
If they release a switch pro I am 100% just going to full homebrew this one and get that
the switch that I want is one that I can get for free
I have a feeling Nintendo isn't ever going to come out with the switch that I want though
Hai hai.
As usual.
How were the badge BP costs in this seed?
wait you can damage hallway through the star sheild
Oh my god.
What the ****.
oh thought it was like final where he has 99 def
Is there only two enemies in the game with 99 def
the chat is back to morbing after a brief break to spam "Have sex" for one specific scene
This movie is boring as shit so far LMAO
It's literally only entertaining because of the morbposting
raid morbius_247
Just raid yourself.
And then stream more.
how long till you leave for the flight
Have fun with that, by the way.
you wanna vc after you get ready
Cause I got 2 and a half hours to burn lol
and froslass kinda sus
I feel that ...
uhm ... people usually tell me "give yourself small goals so you can enjoy it all the way" or something of the sort
not like I know how to do that lol
basically so you can feel that "yay I did something!" all the way
yo gl phantom
pb'ing is like a gift tbh, I never expect it
so uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
that new pkmn professor speaks my language
I've not seen anything about the game, but the lady definitely speaks to B
I don't know but I really liked the peach segments in this game the one time I played it... though I got the cake wrong so many times lol
the timing bit always screwed me as a kid
tell me
kid b SUCKED at video games
what a jerk
Good luck!
I'd propose a "RESET" command for channel points, but that sounds godawful on paper
no pun intended
Heyo glgl
That's so fair
Tyty, played not like garbage and made a baller call for checks.
It won't happen again.
Hai hai.
I'm alright. You?
I'd hope I know it with the amount I watch
I'm farming up a Magnamalo in Monster Hunter Rise (think very spicy cat). It refuses to drop its' 3% chance gem.
I need one more gem for one last Handicraft deco. >:I
I'm 82 Magnamalos deep at this point.
Fair. My Sword and Shield needs the Handicraft deco to just barely get into a sliver of white sharpness, and then I'm using the decos that give me 90 seconds of unlimited sharpness after sharpening.
The Daora Switchaxe can get white sharpness pretty easily with like, one handicraft.
I'm a bowgunner. I don't see a problem with Daora. Haha.
I'm terrified of the Valstrax. Not because I die to the ambush ( I don't), but, I'm terrified of it because public lobbies die to it repeatedly.
mh rise? pumped for sunbreak
will need to shake off some rust soon
I'm HR 247 at this point. Def getting Sunbreak.
feel like I've had launches like that. sometimes your heart just isnt in it
I think that I've just barely surpassed my MH Gen HR at this point. And I need to get to like.. 380 to surpass my MH4U HR.
I think I'm actually around 380 in rise
I went through 3U with nothing but a Heavy Bowgun.
I loved 4u
Online didn't exist yet, but I did all of the 3U online stuff solo. With a HBG.
I can understand that
My dainty hands are perfect for the 3DS.
sucks. ive felt that way about my switch, but I bought a grip that helps
Anyways. For the S&S set, I'm remaking my old Teostra S&S set, as it had some redundancies, and wasn't really a mixed set yet, not truly.
I prefer docked mode for sure, just like the option
It now consists of: Blast Attack III, Protective Polish III, Evade Extender III, Speed Sharpening III, Critical Eye II (not super relevant, incidental), Handicraft 3 because the Teostra S&S just barely gets a sliver of white sharpness from III, Teostra Blessing II, Crit Boost I (incidental), Fortify I.
So, blast attacks. Normally you get like.. one blast off every.. Minute or so? I get 1-3 blasts off per S&S combo.
Well yeah, hence why I said that.
1-3 blasts per combo is insane.
By giving actually decent weapons that have status on them.
Instead of like.. 130 power dual blades.
Do you mind if I spout builds at you? I like sharing this stuff.
Like, I'd like to share my LBG build, but don't want to keep throwing numbers at you.
I have min-maxed my Zinogre LBG to that absolute maximum that it can be. Literal perfect Talisman and everything.
Bow S-tier and so fun
Spare Shot III, Normal/Rapid Up III, Ammo Up III, Reload Speed III, Recoil Down III, Rapid Fire Up III, Evade Extender III, Counterstrike II.
Yea for real HR 380 and I dont have a single 'god' talisman
I can easily swap Evade for Ballistics if I want, but typically don't.
Love my zooms.
And my nyooms.
Welcome back Phantom
Rapid Morph.
Daora Switchaxe: Protective Polish III, Focus III, Speed Sharpening III, Wirebug Whisperer III, Rapid Morph III, Power Prolonger II, Constitution II, Evade Extender II, Crit Eye I, Dragon Attack I (redundant, incidental), Handicraft I, Marathon Runner I, Stamina Surge I.
Yeah it is. Haha.
I have so much fun with the mix sets in Rise. They're so good compared to older games.
Building a new set is my favorite type of puzzle.
I can't remember if I've previously mentioned that in like, 4U, I farmed just over 8,000 Black Gravios to get a single gosh darn Black Gravios heart.
key be like: HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream HypeScream
Yes it is.
I had max zenny several hundreds of times over.
From all those parts.
Here goes Magnamalo 83. Wish me luck!
The desire sensor in MH games for me is real.
It's so unforgiving.
It's real for me, all of the time.
The second I get one gem, it'll drop four of them.
hehe I got 6.9 k points :3
and now it went up to 7k -_-
No gem. Two plates though. >:I
you planing of doing a rando if the run dies?
stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence
Do you wanna know how many plated I have?
best character
Seventy freaking six.
Oh I plan to.
Or, or it could not die
anything can happend
green station can't wa-
Very clean #84. No gem.
This video game is going to give me that which I desire. >:I
Oh god. I ran out of Normal 2's in my box, from fighting this thing.
I keep about 10k stocked at all times.
Yes, Meine Fuhrur.
Bad joke? :(
I'm German. I couldn't help myself.
I spelled Fuhrer wrong.
I blame Magnamalo.
So, wanna know where all my luck goes to?
Spare Shot for the LBG.
It has a 20% chance of activating with Spare Shot III.
It feels like it activates 80% of the time.
That's where my luck goes.
I'm not complaining, but like, that's where ALL of my luck goes.
My record is 31 Spare Shot procs in a row.
#85 complete. No gem.
It really does not. I'm used to this.
We press on! #86.
#86 done. No luck.
Can we hit 100? ;_;
I mean, I might as well at this point.
It's fine. it's adding up the LBG hunts on my Guild Card.
did you get the jam?
don't forget it
go fast
thats what they all say
so 3dw 2p on saturday?
even more pog
We love successful coin flips
Hahahaha. Oh my god. So, I'm fighting #87 and I accidentally hit a Jaggi with two slicing shots. The Magnamalo then hit it with a tail uppercut. The Magnamalo SENT THAT JAGGI TO THE SHADOW REALM. I know this, because I could see the slicing shot numbers going off about.. oh... 6,000 miles under the world.
someone else actually reached out to me about doing 2p runs that wasnt in our immediate freind group
Also, no gem.
Nice gold.
aggro ass bee
I bee with you hehe
When you're under less pressure from Paper Mario, please do read my above message when you have a chance.
I'm dying of laughter.
Its melvin, that eu guy that crushed the 2p boards earlier
No worries. I understand that you're a wee bit focused.
he asked as if he needed any credentials for it and stated his any% time which is jokes cause I know that man is goated at 2p
Like, I knew that the small monsters can get sent to the Shadow Realm, but, I didn't expect it to be down that far.
the funny thing is I would do the same thing cause I'm awkward af for collabs
I'm down to race ya in park any% after if ya want
I think that I'm gonna take a break after #88. My head is starting to hurt.
yeah I'm rusty af in any% I completely forgot you can save and quit in lava zone until I saw brady do it in the bingo race
good keep saving time and such
parakarry had some trouble
#88 done. No gem. Break time.
I have so many Friend Vouchers now.
All of the Talisman farming.
I'm gonna finagle a snack together.
I should hope so.
bruh, Bowser has the Star Rod
he could've fixed that window a long time ago
There's a hall there?
yeah, cuz there's probably still glass on the floor
If he ain't wished the window fixed, he sure as heck ain't vacuumed
Cinnamon bun. :D
Oh, it is pretty good right now.
I try to eat healthy, but, I feel like I've earned this. LuL
Add a small bit of chicken for something extra?
Hmm.. Maybe I'll make a salad for dinner tomorrow too. The idea is sounding better and better by the minute.
spinach > lettuce
I'm not a fan of spinach, but I LOVE Brussels Sprouts.
I use spinach in place of lettuce
I totally agree.
spinach cooked into the yolk of an omelet
You ever just bonk actual Kooper there because he pissed you off that day?
Kooper isn't Goombario
Phantom would 1000000000000% whack Goombario
Bombette down there like Charmander in the early Pokemon episode where its' trainer didn't want it, like.. "He's coming back, right?"
Welp. Now that I've had my snacco, I'm gonna go punish myself by playing DBD.
Good luck with the rest of the run!
I don't get it why bowser have more clown carts?
he do really love lava
gg :(
fuckin bowser cheatin'
Damn gg
do a glitch coward
I cannot
weedMario weedMario
weedMario weedMario weedMario
weedMario weedMario
the emote is so compressed it's my favorite
I don't care to watch playstation shit but re4 remake got announced
cant wait for stray
Figured it was coming cause the other 3 remakes did incredibly well and 4 is like the big one
lesgo weeb shit
what a name lmao
where's knack 3
Is this the dino rainign game agian?
they evolving street fighter
no don't bring luke back
why doe sryu look like a hobo?
oh chun li stand hp was fullscreen still
I'll play the game
they changed the logo
that's good
I like the presentation tho
with the new setting
I liked it all visually besides chun li
we can finally drop SF5
SF5 is a cool game now, just took a while
yo a zeld akiller KEKEW
NI NO KUNI?
do we really need to kill zelda if they're just botw posting now
give me more top down games if you're not going to do anything close to TP's quality for the 3d ones please
The remake for LA was really good but the base game was just mid
why was there naked people for 2 seconds
FF16 looks epic
thats it
I'm ngl I don't really care for the current final fantasy combat style
It just feels too damage spongey to make anything really satisfying
good to have you back, I popped in yesterday but mobile data was shit
Berseria felt really good to me, just had to position my people well and my big hits usually actually did damage to health bars
click bait tweet lmao
playstation 4 is gonna be rad
It's been out for so long and yet nobody has one still
did you get your day 1?
I played miles, GT7, and Kena
you would had to wait to play miles on ps4
elden ring is the only open world game I've ever enjoyed
do you know how the lzs trainer works in new fp?
botw can suck my re-hashed 3 mechanics dick
too many streams I wanna watch rn >_<
komari starting exe4
me right now
one of my friends was streaming pape rando today but he was using the other tracker. Was first time I saw someone not use yours. I like how small everything was leaving more space in the overlay, but yours is just so much cleaner.
yeah, was just my gut reaction
what was your highlight for combo breaker
yo glgl
I cant wait to work every day for the rest of my life :)
It's been chill at least tho
I have a 45 min commute each way until I move into a new place in early july where it'll be 5 mins instead
so it'll be nice to have another 1.5 hours back in my day
that sounds lit
there is always bn6 buster only KEKW
fat run
the last letter?
or the first?
ah okay
that one sucks ass
yeah having saves makes practice so easy
youve almost caught up to mitzi shes getting portrait now
timers are 7 minutes off, this race is intense
Its a race to me
you just gave her a handicap
yeah sp[lit after peach
I meme about it
why cant we all just have the same splits Sadge
"strimer u forgotz 2 splitz agin"
Hai hai.
monday I wanted to do rando but didnt have time so I made a seed for next time so I can just go lol
I see green.
oh also, mark and I are doing rando race tues, wanna join?
we havent picked a time yet
normally I work on sundays so need to find other times for races lol
how does it learn?
damn she just go tthe key
you so close
yeah before I do my first run I want to look over intermidiate route and see if theyre anything I wanna go for
what about bombette in the pit?
I might be confusing routes then
I do remember seeing routes where they use her in the pit
nmb that mustve been it
bro, I'm no fake gamer
eating mushroom is the best 7 seconds you can spend in a first few runs
oh I just rmemebed
dont I need a windows 98 for that?
I remember having a windows 95 as a kid
then 98 was a huge deal
I hate lantern ghost
he gave me goombario once
so what is the strat using watt on lantern?
I failed 3 power shocks in a row!!!
like turn 1 powerr shock?
oh no she reset
she was in toy box but wasnt paying close attention
she threw lantern KEKW
I get that too
ezekiel is a good dog
shared a jade jungle remix you need to hear in #music
tonight I'm gonna look at the file that came on my jpn cart
yeah, risch did that once with exe6, they traded all the recovs so he couldnt beat gregar LMAO
cool thing about bn is its not just folder build but navicust too
Is it faster take stairs or hit lava at the end there
sometimes I get an error when I boot my everdrive, I just reset til it works
I got it with a loaded card so have been using that
How long have you been running PM?
I've been looking into learning TTYD glitchless, but I enjoy watching runs of both games.
ttyd gless is a fucked up run
but I enjoy it a lot
I'd enjoy it more if it didn't take 6.5 hours
Exactly. I'd want to take a few weeks to learn the routing well before going for runs in TTYD
I do a run every few weeks just to keep fresh, but it requires too much time to do more often
theyre fine yeah
they're a little clunky, but they work well
power bounce in TTYD is weird always imo. this game feels better
If you're gonna do a gless run let me know, theres a route change you should 1,000% do
I felt that with power bounce when moving to PM after playing TTYD a lot
What do you enjoy more at the moment?Speedruns or Randomizer for PM?
I found your stream through your randomizer runs on YouTube.
Yep, I get that lol
The first game I tried to learn to speedrun was Sunshine the cutscenes and everything at the start was too long for me lol
I enjoyed my casual play throughs of it, it's a really fun game
My wife who never plays video games even played through it with me
I gotta head to bed since I get up early for work (I'm on EST). I'll probably watch the replay of the vod tomorrow though. Keep up the good pace!
getting pretty tired, plan is nap for 2 hours then stream but well see how that goes lol
thanks for the stream
good luck
yo gl
thicc door 1
yeahm unblock claw, charge, switch to bow, bounce/outta sight > bounce
yeah just switch with watt and you're good
or para
parakarry fight is a scam
yeah if you have super watt it helps
turbo charge clutch
did you just eat the life shroom
unblocked fire does 9 iirc
gg man
that was a sick run
blame the bad run on the Malort's
better than apple cider vinegar
this is rando, mate
no prologue around these parts
all my homies hate prologue
call the file Malort's
you should be able to sell badges in rando
more coins based on their BP
A fuzzy threw it in the ? Block cuz it knows Kooper lacks hops
HECK YEAH, DUDE
that's gross
Mario HATES Repel Gels
he's a diva who wants EVERYONE to see him
wanna say yeah, it was Koopa Village
professional dodger
*one slap* bitch
gl gamer
I heard from Axl that you're doing BN4 after this run
yeah same, I had a good pace run for the first 30m in my last run
like insane pace actually
but then the next 3 splits were trash
both bad RNG and some misplays on my end
Simply eat bowser
reverse bowsers inside story
tomorrow's the last chance for BN4 COPIUM
yeah switching to 5 because I got bopped there
NGO Pog
BN5 is chill, has every possible RNG in BN basically
It's gonna be 10 fp
@buff00n I'm subbed so I outrank you so you shush
shush x2
you're not supposed to cheat in PaperMarioForTheNintendo64
What if it has something important
like goombario
ol cheatin ass
this boss gonna give you like a billion xp
he speaks
y'know goombario would be able to help knock them down
It's in the pit
can you
go fast
so go faster
how'd your run die?
so I found out I can set my alarm to any song on spotify
*sets to rock remix of surge of power* phanto274Jam
you heard the one by gametal?
link is in #music its a banger
he did the moon theme from ducktales too... soo good
I actually had it as a kid, still have it, even the manual lol
prob tthe only nes manual I have
I have smash 64 manual, in the notes section I wrote how to unlock the 4 fighters
oh I have pape manual too
one of my friends was doing rando and was running west to reset badge shop over and over, asked what he was doing, then told him he could just talk to rawf, he had no idea lmao
mitzi got a sub 418 just now
by half a second lol
lets do this
will wednesday work?
I did this seed in 6 hours so wanna see you do it
you never got weight?
how do you get ultra before weight? so glitch ive never seen?
but dont you need both boots upgrades for ultra
why cant we macro those stairs?
what a troll
like heelnavi OMEGALUL
gl with the rando peepoComfy
get that cloud widehypeE
Yo it has crashed like 3 times for axl if I recall
cursed cutscene
yeah I always save there now
oh for real?
How did you know that's the cause?
pale ass cloud
I dig the eyes on this puff
oh man ok I need to lie down. I am so sleepy
but again best of luck finishing this rando out :3
ty permitZ
weedMario do it
what are the toggle requirements for your bot to say random shit? Is it just full random timer or after a certain amount of messages
I need him to start morbing again
morph could never
MegaDie? I've heard of that band.
I don't even listen to heavy shit I listen to symphonic and power lol
Watching pokemon runs and thinking, "why is pignite's cry a wet fart?"
Like I'm down for screamo but I generally just have high tempo shit with strong vocals
Guilty gear shit is just the one metal that's not DMCA so I can put it in smash lol
May for Smash
Make her interesting in strive first
Japanese VO only
yes, I have seen Super Mayrio 64, looks hilarious
ask him not to
not sub 3 do another one
maybe you just need to not be bad
"I will ride bernie" captions I don't think that's what he said
thanks for the stream
Oh hey that's who I watch do p5r runs lol
your YouTube is something I binge watch
your speed runs are legendary
and I also ship Mario bowsette
I mean it's just so adorable
I met iwata before
he was a good man
we played each other in Mario kart
I was up till 5 cause stomach issues then called out of work because I had to be there at 9 and like I didn't want to at that point
man I still miss him
We already had people there so I don't feel too bad about it I was just there to help with a load
the toad is telling you secrets
Burger king is doing gay burgers now
where they do same side buns for both sides
I had sensory overload for a second looking at that
Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue
weedMario I love friday
I'm free in my afternoon time
so we can start at like 5 or somethin
I'm off monday tuesday wednesday thursday next week we could do another 3 player
@Ohrocks peep the new tweet it goes crazy
cant believe mvd retired
He lost to steve and had enough
I had the perfect response to Taco's tweet
I was about to tell you that reply was really good LOL
Plant RT'd it now all of minnesota will see double weed
wait until triple weed, people will shit themselves
I was originally going to send Taco a different response
that is an actual sentence I'm proud of you @PhantomGamesBot
how tf you speeding a draft
I'm going to card war
you're a grown ass man, read the card text.
I swear I am sober
can't pee in Phantom strims smh
Also I grabbed food what happened
More like rundie jumps 
At least it gave you time to like the double weed tweet
how are you fighting jr troopa
I thought he was removed
the bot learned how to gimr
when the toad is sus
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on mountviewers .com
I think that was the fastest I've reacted to one of those LOL
also "mountviewers . com" Flushed
didn't even get a chance to buy any aceari4NormanSadge
no space between . and com
this is a family friendly stream no mounting viewers
now if only they could send weed Mario
from sending weed mario?
Looked at strive mods to see if they had any good millia colors and every mod is just horny
I just want a good purple one I don't need to see barefoot millia mods
I don't think the slight modification worked
How is there nothing but purple for smash mods but I can't find a single good purple mod for strive
oop there's the nude mods
why are these here
where's the nude Wario mod?
the cowards haven't given me that power yet
Ok found 1 good mod that's just one of her reds from xrd that looks nice
WHY IS THERE LIKE 5 VARIANTS OF THE NUDE MOD
I KEEP SCROLLING AND MORE SHOW UP
we were looking through mods and found a comment on one of them and they asked where Nude Wario was and it got liked and upvoted
ok I found a good purple fucking finally
At the bottom of the page someone made an alt that's of my unist character
ooo they made ones for all of eltnums alts too
evo tweet is interesting
"Evo is grateful to share that we have been working with Sony PlayStation, Epic Games, and our developer partners to reduce input latency for many of your favorite fighting games! Please expect more updates to follow as Evo works towards a more responsive future for the FGC."
hyper realistic Kirby 64 (REAL)
yeah that sounds about right
he followed you from combo breaker
what comes out of state so I found you here on twitch :D
mx_four: what comes out of state so I found you here on twitch :D
your bot has done a lot of ezekiel roleplay
EzekielHD : You have allowed Ezekiel2 to twist your mind, until now... until now you've become the very thing you swore to destroy. Ezekiel : Don't lecture me, EzekielHD ! I see through the lies of the Jedi. I do not fear Ezekiel2 as you do. I have brought peace, freedom, justice, and security to my new Empire. EzekielHD : Your new empire? Ezekiel : Don't make me kill you. EzekielHD : Ezekiel , my allegiance is to the Republic, to democracy! Ezekiel : If you're not with me, then you're my ene
Phantom5800: arie has definitely fed Ezekiel
mx_four: Phantom5800: arie has definitely fed Ezekiel
bombette misses the ch7 switch if she is on top of it
It is very funny
I mean literally on top
I did that a few weeks ago lmfao
I hope your chat is more helpful than mine
who the fuck voted against me
I chose to be helpful (this time)
look at that sceptile
I've lurked a bit
that's what I bought jesse last year
but I do not know what the fuck is going on
Pikachu is making friends and kicking ass
45x better than arceus
I did NOT have fun
I defended it when it came out but god it's not fun lmao
45 minutes of text mashing and I wanted to quit
that voice for mew is awful I'm offended
let's go is so good
Oh yea I got to play brady on wednesday
Ive heard of this game but never seen it before
We only played a few games, the first one was close then I 3 stocked him a couple times lol
He's solid but he didn't have an answer for when I had answers to him
no but I assume it's frowned upon by god
hey dont call me out like that
It's shameful whether or not this other guy exists
are glitchless attempts shameful or painful
Ok I went through all that to get my purple millia but I've ended up liking this red and white one the most anyways lol
It's just the same colors as my Titania alt for ike in ult
dark red and white kinda just works for me
I'll send you a pic of the alt
When talking to jibca about fe9 and 10 he said "You can't tell me that Titania isn't the most perfect woman to come out of FE"
the bot is being abused in komaris stream
that was accurate footage of me buying my giant plush at combo breaker
at this point in paper mario we are talking to goompa
I've been told sf6 is gonna have macros for command inputs and I don't think there's been any shown drawbacks to using them yet so that's a bit wack
But those are needed to balance move accessing it's just going to be worse to have them on
Ok that's a bad drawback LOL
Hai hai. : D
oddish might have the most stereotypical high pitched asian woman voice ive ever heard
I did. On #91. But as we discussed, naturally, not only did I get one gem, but I got two from #91. Naturally.
croagunk is like a 15 year old who's been downing 2 packs a day since he was 5
he is also frogkin
I told you. It always works that way.
What is your least favorite section of this game and why is it the Mew jump?
this was a pathetic showing
that mf won worlds
But yeah, I finished my Teostra S&S set off of that Magnamalo gem. I also made a Bazelguise Dual Blade set by changing a couple things out for Marathon Runner and I then got an insanely good Talisman. Evade Extender III + Counterstrike I + a 3 slot deco slot.
God tier Talisman. : D
OBSTACLE HOP MY BELOVED
YO HE GOT HOPS
I'm still waiting for the obstacle hop.
I didn't see any obstacles, nor any hopping.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I wish I had optimal friends
I just have buff00n
he loses me a lot of time with his late ass
y'know I can't call him dumbass now without thinking of that carride and what jesse said
the clowncar was a curse
I did not go into combo breaker thinking we couldn't fit in a car because buff00n had a dumpy
ok I don't miss that part of smash
yea so m4 that whole weekend we had buff00n driving and 4 of us in the back and it was ok
Then 1 ride we let proc drive instead and we genuinely couldn't fit in the back anymore
Buff00n isn't even large he's a very average sized person
he just has a dumpy
I always think that's a partner badge at first glance
yes I'm partner now
the first streamless partner
Technically that was jesse
Cause he never streamed without partner
Panda just said here you go
woah is this the secret Paper Mario 64 chapter?
Did you play through the new Pokemon Snap, by chance?
while I was in the back, TacoGuyy STAYED slamming into me every chance he got
Oh, yeah. I felt that too.
"Just took a dump on the run so I'm excited to see how that goes lol "
"you are now friends" -bashes them into the water-
are you REALLY friends if you DON'T make them eat shit every now and then???
taking you to child hell
you know about drifloon picking up children right?
I tried to time 'em out, but Taco was too quick on the draw
He was playing splattytoon
Love live game LMFAO
There is 1 on the ps4
Is there one that isn't a gacha
ain't playing no love live game
That has $150 plus worth of dlc
your setting a bad example for the bidoof
Grandma wants to fight
why do no gios like to block
I'm just doing fake shit and they keep getting counterhit
Taco race me and Phantom in Park tm
I work the weekend
Gio has an anti-air dp
It's a 6p but big
feraligatr holdin ya back
ok I guess ky dp sucks
I misinputed an airdash and I just went through it entirely LOL
more like bitch zone
the first hit of may super off counterhit 2h
I hate it here
at least let me die to the full thing
millia please eat your wheaties
now I'm playing a floor 10 leo with level 2 thousand
he's going to mash help
@RuneRavenFP try turning it off and on?
when he does back turn dash
he literally just appears there
It was just gamble between grab and block overheard
I took a round though because I hit him once and he kept DPing
this dudes message says "Jack-o thigh enjoyer"
oh boy a level a billion ram
Glalie got no hoes
why are you beating his ex wife
ok that justifies it
Ezekiel3 is down NOOOOO
I love his run cycle
he just go boing
I'm looking at the sonic frontiers gameplay and why did they slowdown sonic so much
This is the game where you want to just fucking run around and they didn't want to do that
they have auto turnaround
mawile of a shoyo
regardless how Frontiers' is received critically, I'd like Sega to review what works/doesn't work when making the next Sonic game
but, this Sega. so
They literally just have to make sonic move fluid and fun and make a world that's fun to move around in
But that's too hard
How's it that literally everyone has an idea of what they want Sonic to be BESIDES Sega???
the comics are killing it
the movies have performed phenomenally
like all they had to do to make frontiers a fun game is just make sonic move fast and responsive and let him run around the mountains and shit
the Mania devs said "we wanna make a Classic Sonic game" and they did
But he's slow as fuck lol
Like the whole thing that makes the old sonic games good is how they play with momentum
You have to path things so that you can keep your momentum and they let you go fast for it
Now you just go on rails and hit a boost button sometimes
Rush series lacked momentum, but the charm was keeping your boost gauge filled as you blasted through the stage at full speed
Hell, Modern Sonic was just Rush but 3D, but Sonic refused to let it stand on its own
see: Werehog, Wisps, Classic Sonic then Classic plus the OC thing in Forces
If a Sonic game was just Modern stages from Generations the entire game, people probably would've loved it
but Sega refused to let Modern gameplay stand on its own merits
do me afavor a get a pb thanks
do me a favor and reset
hiiii dude all three bug fables plushy got funded in like 8 hours it's crazy!
I'm buying a vi one
obviously, I ordered all of them :)
kabbu is the most popular rn, vi is less becuase of the LRG plush which I also have
deadMario deadMario deadMario deadMario
he couldn't handle the weed
I don't think so?
I don't remember a golem voice
Twink <- a murderer
why is he a murderer? lol
I haven't heard that one even in pm64 speedrunning back in the day
deadMario he's fucking dead
twink fuckin killed him
Twink look at this face
a cold blooded killer
why is twink giving brain damage?
you know I expected that meme to be way better :(
Any game mod that removes leggings/stockings from a character is downgrade in my eyes
Brand new WHAT Flushed
I'm going to pop that balloon
Damn this is actually kinda intense
Cuz all it takes is someone's wifi to slip up and the run is over
wait where the smash bros at .. also ub going to double down
I'm a throwe :)
I threw so hard
huff happened and I cri
but HEY 22:09 new gold for prologue so yay
gonna get some food brb
back with food :3 so this speedrun requires two people?
Mario's not allowed in 2P speedruns cuz he says "OH, SHIT" every time he gets the crown
this game feels like toads treasure tracker but on steroids
just gold every split and boom sub 2 hrs yeah? Kappa
I've been influenced by the influencer
toad kitty is cute
head a little mishapen but other than that CUTE
Are you having fun? : D
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on mountviewers .com
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on mountviewers .com
I couldnt think of what to say lol
I've awakened from my nap
something about golem operating a machine is hilarious
you wont believe what I found
my old megaman battle network 5 player guide LUL
I found mine for red/blue, emerald, and platinum
about to grab some food
I little self conscious about not adding more, but I'm not beating myself over it.
rando race is about to start but I skipping today, kinda exhausted rn
I was gonna do glitchless runs today but then I took a nap and ate an edible so... not happening lmao
I just did one yesterday and didnt have the drive to finish
paper mario needs swords MissedASword
leave it. it's perfect
Its fine, you said youll be starting bn3 anyways KEKW
I'm just here to remind you I didnt forget LUL
wasnt dinglez the only one to complete a SS run?
@Axl_Sensei good stuff on commentary earlier
I just came back with food, did you forget to reset before starting?
yo! thanks buffoon. Glad you were able to catch it
My brain doesnt register prologue if I'm being completely honest
I wanna do a prologue marathon
though recently ive been trying to focus on my spin timing and lines for prologue
How many prologues can I do in 5 hours?
I am looking forward to having taquitos for dinner oh muh goodness
I'm running mashed potatoes, mushroom soup, and hamburger
oh that sounds good too axl
I average 11:07 goombario
sub 11 goombario soon? BLANKIES
a whole year :O that's how you know all the tech
aww damn, bn3 is the follower goal. Gonna be waiting a hot minute for that
he is doing his best
My average prologue is 22:14 papeHands
But I mean I have been running it for less than a month so I guess that aint too bad LUL
I'm confused. I have a prologue split at 21.28... that cant be right
maybe I split at the summit?
Axl the prologue god ayo?
no switch is trash
you said 2209 LUL
I said 2209 about me
he def said 22:03
least likely? okay Mr. Seventh Try Speedy
axl really has it out for you tonight LUL
trying to will all sorts of bad rng into existence for you
truer words never spoken
good rng x2 to balance it out
Its expensive to wish I'll on the run
I have an arm chair behind me and Hikari is so cozy sleeping in it rn
Is mario tripping in a fight rng?
dont thunderbolt the bullet bill KEKW
I forgot black was an original color lol
holy that chapter 1
gonna lay down with the stream, whether I fall asleep will remain to be seen
I woke up at 6am, thats not normal for me
normally I got to bed at 6am LUL
that means carpet clean %
Ive done a run once, they did a showcase for bn 20th annivesary, and now today
I have no idea
terra asked me to commentate
I just ignored it
no one has any interest
I just did it as a proof of concept
I did it on english actually was a while bad
I finished a run, shared my splits "hey guys I did the thing"
"axl, we made a board so go ahead and submit it" I did it out of obligation
I feel so uncomfortable about that board
they always say "1 run is a challenge run,2 is a race, and 3 is a board"
also it was mostly blind with SS route
Its cringe to watch too
If you saw the license fights
B license has magnet and ice panels
A license has lava and poison panels
so it is legit harder
but after A license the rest is cake
Ice fights dont even change
all otherr script encounters change
like the triple beetank you saw komari one shot with dash
the becomes 2 beetank with howitzer int eh front row
dash goes thru howitzer so the beetanks are free
also null and void is easier cause no null and void
could you imagine 3 null and void with 330 HP with how they regin
honestly the hardest fight is mole
give you the pop up chip
In vanilla they have 10 HP and can only dmg them 1 HP per hit
In hard mode they have 15 HP
so have to use whirlpool or darkhole
they were going for the whack-a-mole gimmick
also when messing with the incomplete bn2 rando I got pop up on the tutorial, if one runs you have to do the fight over.
the 2ndround took me 45 minutes to complete OMEGALUL
If you get a script encounter and they run its free
If its in a gauntlet you have to start overr
I enjoyed the bn2 rando cause I know the game so well, but that only lasted for so long
I really liked the unique folder builds, like once I had a kunai folder. Super cool cause its more of a late game chip you never see.
bn2 was basically shuffle everything... bn3 on the other hand even changes dmg values
like ive seen a 20dmg varsword LMAO
they even change the name of the chips and navi/virus names. Seen an alphabug called KEKW
been thinking about how I want to do my splits
leaning toward enter fortress/runis/castle ect.
my old splits have some 3 minute splits and I hate that
yeah, I want to drop "prison break" too
yeah, my airman split is really short around 3 minutes but thats cause of doghouse.
If not for that it would be one split
you saw komari suffer in doghouse?
today was rough first fishy was like 4th encounter, I think 6 encounters to finish?
we took a break before starting mother comp, I told komari to run to doghouse and grind for dash * LUL
also hard mode started late cause runner overslept
you just 5 cap?
when isnt that in beginner route?
I guess 4 and 3 is easier
oh was wondering about a mid split for chapter4, gourmet guy fills that nicely
I think I'd split on last audio cue of him eating cake
Ive seen some swap to bow in yellow house, dont know whats faster
I know jcog's old video guide said swap in the forest
I'm not the kinda guy to practice room but I might change my mind
but all the green
that same thing happened to me in last rando
I really need to learn LP blocks
I hear its impossible on switch
you carry the peril here from jr right?
oh duh! you just took dmg from him
Is it not worth using turbo charge or do we not have enough FP for it?
If peach was smart once she got outside hit the blue switch and take the pipe to toad town LUL
everytime I see this part I'm reminded of Jeny's clip lol
#clips for your viewing pleasure
I told komari about this...
I had a dream last night him and dalus rolled up at my house to pick me up for gdq LUL
even the life shroom?
whats the hidden blick then? a repel gel?
so weird not seeing exp dropped
I like it from the design side of punishing you from running, but honestly hate it
oh thats why you hate it LUL
can I just say... fuck that yellow fuzzy
"do what you did?" thats like saying "git gud, copy tas faker gamer"
checking in on hard mode to see where they are at
need to check my hard mode notes
almost 3 hours in and on A license
so not even cutman
fullfire, beetank2 and puffball, with a rockcube on each side is the last fight for A license, its soo bad
also bn2 hard mode is locked behind 10 secret chips which require pvp, and to get those both players need at least 3 title screen stars
thankfully wiiU patch fixed this
pvp was cool tho, there were so many randomly generated fields
oh no, his first visit to yum square he went to the correct warp panel last. This is a casual run with a timer on the gdq stage
and 2.4K people are watching this #socringe
they needed terra to do commentary cause no one else would.... almost like theres a reason for that LUL
komari finished his run before they finished A license, also gdq taking breaks doesnt help much
gl Phantom propokH /
I feel if a run is less than 3 hours it shouldnt need a break but thats me
Is it weasle stomping day?
Hikari heard some thunder so she went into hiding
there was one yesterday
It completely missed here thankfully
we got light rain for 15 minutes
I messed with dk64 rando, not sure how I feel about it
I can see why this place can be terrible for rando with the amount of fetch quest required propokM
youd hate it for sure lmao
chapter 6 or the whole game?
I'd imagine I'd like chapter 6 cause less rooms to learn
yeah I see that
with my stick mash I hold controller with left hand and mash stick with side of middle on right hand
I wish bombette had stick mash LUL
I'm real bad at button mash...even worse with my worn thumbs :/
this game should be fun to learn :)
my button mash is so bad, the very reason I wont grind this game for top time
oh? didnt know that
Better lucky than good 4Head
okay, I've made a wrap/burrito and consumed it
also nice sneeze LUL
I know that feel
my ginger beer just explode onto my lap
once I PB'd with elec shield, I didnt split on gospel cause I didnt want it to PB LUL
random after this run?
what time is best for you on tue? I havent picked a time for mark yet
yeah, mark is streaming rn so I'll hit him up later tonight
my friend recommended me zero sugar ginger beer after they brought to my attention that one bottle of regular gb is usually 90+% worth of daily sugar intake
phantom what is this mmbn2 run on gdq? it looks like a prank or something I dont get what they're doing
Its a casual run on gdq stage
that's what it seems like
also phantom why'd you pick me out?
@Axl_Sensei are you for real
It looks like my first time playing but with "i have to beat it quikly" as my main goal
obvious they guy playing doesnt know bn2
thats what it is
did they make it to quickman yet
last I checked they were at cutman at 3 hours
"have you played bn before?" No
"do you know what bn is?" no
my blind hardmode run took 4:15
buff, make that a quote pls
and dont forget the PERFECT
finally a mod I can count on
I was gonna do a command
I wanna see phantombot say that LUL
or get TacoGuyy if I can't figure it out
@RuneRavenFP your ass has been summoned
you said you submitted everything
I'm expecting you to do 6 runs there
phantom, viewership went up. There are 2.6K watching KEKW
PGB bragging about how good he is at BN LUL
Is it bn2 or bn5?
terra even invited jameike on hard mode commentary and the man has NEVER touched bn2
considering the runner has no experience, I suppose it's appropriate
wait, right, you actually gotta play through Bowser's Castle
they cut the stream at shadowman and raided etchy
at that rate, they were gonna be there a WHILE
there was confusion, staff thought it was 4 hours but eta was 6 hours. 4 hours at shadowman is only half the run so I dont blame them
that's some slick movement
would you be interested in an actual hard mode speedrun?
so they just mery killed it? lol
oh? komari is going back to bn5
gonna jump over some questionable hitboxes are ya?
good times great oldies
the odds of 7 are hilariously low
do the quick kammy kill strat
"quick kammy kill" say that 3 times fast
did you get double 3 apped?
so whats bowser at now?
I haz cheese cake snack
peach wish harder!! phanto274BigRage
after this is a blind mmbn2 hard mode run
I can coach over VC
axl an hook you up
then full blind run, llets goo
I'll do it blindfolded, only audio
real talk tho, I legit wanted to do a bn2 coaching with me only having audio
sends phantom clip "copy this rng manip"
bn6 rando? no way, get the fuck out!
would been fun with a rando
okay I'm done memeing
strimer, you forgot to split
unless you wanna do mine early?
I just sent mine over
thats what I intended
yeah just shop and key
I'm gonna have m4 do this too LUL
I have missed randl
bro, I'm enjoying this so much already
If I post things here will the bot start incorporating them
what's ringing guys I'm Kyle the ringer I am a youtuber and a bell ringer and I like to do vids and streams I'm mostly depressed and upset because lots of people bully me and treat me badly I have 2.85 k subs on youtube and I hope I will get lots of followers and fans on here aswell
arie, this is my sub 6 seed
dayum, pumping out 3:54 like it's nothing
now you see why I wanted you to run this
we doing glitchless rando or?
MY GUY I'm TELLING YOU
I always forget to mark boots and hammer
Starry_Arie: what's ringing guys I'm Kyle the ringer I am a youtuber and a bell ringer and I like to do vids and streams I'm mostly depressed and upset because lots of people bully me and treat me badly I have 2.85 k subs on youtube and I hope I will get lots of followers and fans on here aswell
realblopez: Starry_Arie: what's ringing guys I'm Kyle the ringer I am a youtuber and a bell ringer and I like to do vids and streams I'm mostly depressed and upset because lots of people bully me and treat me badly I have 2.85 k subs on youtube and I hope I will get lots of followers and fans on here aswell
a pasta about the diaper joke man :O
weedMario buy the stinky
LOL that's his twitch description
I am not joking
I thought you made that
I am not that great LMAO
my goodness that guy was quite interesting was he not? how did he find me and why did he choose me as his target Weirdge
I don't know but I would have banned him so fast
How do I get him to ring my doorbell
I mean it was whatever I honestly was curious to see how long he would go
truly dedicated to the bit
or they were sincere pepeS
oh it wasn't a bit
go look at the yt channel
Well they werent mean or anything
just so so very peculiar
yo his intro go crazy
kyle the ringer is in the belfry a bit of ringing up for the ringing up and pulling
thats what he wants his wrestling intro to be
realblopez: kyle the ringer is in the belfry a bit of ringing up for the ringing up and pulling
TacoGuyy: realblopez: kyle the ringer is in the belfry a bit of ringing up for the ringing up and pulling
the bot just got so much danker
Is an hour long video of him ringing roblox bells
there is 0 commentary
I dont know if I could handle another encounter with that guy. again I ask... WHY ME
he hearted every comment
I don't know mitzi
@PerMitzi send him to me
good thing I'm retired from streaming
I will start streaming again for this man
pepeS I hope he has notification turned off
He also uploads videos of a british childrens show called big cook little cook
he wants you to ring the notification bell
yo "exploring new teletubby land in roblox" has 6.9k views
you can't NOPERS the funny number
that's banned in 5 states
your 5 favorite ones
solid, liquid, gas, plasma...? what's the fifth state???
Imagine having favorite states???wot
the 5th state is Ezekiel
please answer me a question
where did the name Ezekiel come from
I NEED TO KNOW
like, how did this become a thing LOL
God looked down and said "Holy fuck that bird is so round, that bitch is Ezekiel "
for some reason I thought your gf came up with it
BUFF00N WHY DO YOU HAVE THAT
but that also sounds like fake history
that's correct arie LOL
OH the LORE is CORRECT
@RuneRavenFP I googled it
rip cheato said go to ch2
don't ask these questions. just be grateful for his gifts.
here's everything you'll need
streamer, looks like your enjoying my seed KEKW
HorseRide <- I like this
tried Strikers. it's decent. Refuse to purchase it until Daisy's arrives.
no daisy in strikers is criminal
As a Christian, I cannot condone this sacrilege
Buff00n is in fact my wholesome church friend according to a single white mom in illinois
Said white mom adores me
I peaked at the alt after combo breaker and I'm not gonna anymore
It is I think
race rules are a mystery
the rules are "no fun allowed" so probably banned
I hate fun
that bitch green as fuck
Imo race rules should be "does it break logic?" "if yes, it's banned"
what if my logic is not liking fun
that requires me to know so much logic tho
I don't remember that one
you love to see it
after one I have to
hey, he earned that
phantomgamesbot is always here
why's the tree glowing
you schmooved on that guy
you run from shy guy he despawns?
what triggers the check for the mayor?
whats with all these fire flowers
how do they grow fire flowers in the snow covered land?
every check cant be god tier now
does that let your partners use focus? Never knew that was in this
I just got 3 cap jr in practice LOL
love having parakerry for this
a moment ago you were asking "what is this seed" look at you now
I think it should be, it only skips textboxes
an old spirit in burried ruins? makes sense to me Kappa
whats a hitbox? phanto274Shrug
felt like a good beginner seed
Its fun to go nuts on LP
volcano has a bunch of checks too
put her back in the lamp
was waiting on that one LUL
Sad that we got the goomba
that shy guy tried so hard
I'm imagining general guy yelling at his troops for missing like that
just get lucky strats
1.41 to get a card oof
Toy Story 2 yeah LUL
super mega rusty lol
nice gl with that! I wanna try this randomizer eventually
gotta head out but have fun with the run!
of course! and you too! :)
blue key isnt required for chpater 7?
can finally get a hammer
I saw in rando discord someone had kooper in that mailbag check phanto274Facepalm
crazy how that was the first place it wanted you to go
having laki lets you skip bubble berry is nice
that looked like an erotic cake Kappa
Cley just finished and reviewed zelda 2
Just beat Zelda 2. the game was shit 0/100 I never want to touch shit fuck game ever again.
Bitch had rewind too
Its fiiiiiiiine you have 17 life shrooms
Family really fixed the AC just to turn it off and never use it
It's like 80% humidity all week I just want to exist
this storeroom put me in go mode
this seed is "up and down and all around"
not too much, how's it going? haha all good, it's roopa
There's a zelda 2 defender in cleys mentions
I've been peepin for a minute, seems like a lot of "hm" moments LUL
I think the only partner I saw was bombette on rip
oh shit I didn't see para there too lol
this is the quickest I completed a seed so I wanted phantom to do it
there's no such thing as a "quick" seed
I have a hard time passing up the star stone check lol
oh! I had a mushroom so I swaped with life so they all matched LUL
My family safeguard weed for centuries. And now, I entrust you; Mario, to roll a fat blunt
the bat chose death
yo? almost enough for another rando seed
buff00n, how about I send this seed back in but just change the file name Kappa
damn, I tabbed out and missed crystal king
so my order was 1 4 5 6 7 2 and 3 last
9.1k points let's go
I have to go to bed within the hour, but you should be done by then
Imagine if you skipped lantern and did that now Kappa
how can a ghost hit a physical object?
watch this be bubble berry
Imagine not being able to headbonk the tree like a sigma
damn... 7BP power plus
what if this isnt it Kappa
moles never stood a chance
she used the graves of the mole to make the most fertile soil bawkSad
nice, you have no... mole... checks left KEKW
you did water stone tho
theres another water stone check?
omg the clutch lucky lol
almost half the time it took me, of course I'm not surprised
didnt know live splits did total play time
I just noticed something... the hud is purple and just so happened to match your layout
finally can put repelgjel to work
reminds me of mark's 10 cap fight
he one turned hallway bowser
this is why rando is fun
don't you only need more than 5 for turbo charge to be worth
jenysrPogslide jenysrPogslide jenysrPogslide GG
do it again but faster
YOUR MARRIAGE IS IN SHAMBLES
thanks for fulfilling my dumb request
SHE'S TAKING THE KIDS
Raid your local, your favorite people :)
funny how the only item you skipped was in the very first shop
I'm playing strive tomorrow
From the Hebrew name (Yechezqel) meaning "Round-ass bird", from the roots (chazaq) meaning "very" and ('el) meaning "fucking round". Ezekiel is a major prophet of Chapter 5, the author of the Kolorado letter. He lived in Yoshi Village until the babies wouldn't shut the fuck up, at which time he soared across the ocean.
Oh my gosh, did I make it to the start for once?
this Prologue looks different haha, I made an original joke
Too many voices in my skull. ;_;
The only command that matters is
dont tell toad but I blessed u and Axl, but not him
cuz he doent have that redeem
"Thanks for the good idea max burger taco" I have no idea what the captions are doing
we have good ideas, Taco
whats your favorite Pape speedrun?
I like ur controller input display its really clean
I should do a rando I haven't for a while
The updates looks really fun
Maybe I'll stream a coinsanity tonight just to see if I like streaming it
May as well stream something it's been 2 months lol
equip slow go coward
Honestly IS a useful one because if we post that for raiders then the view will count
looking back at my bracket from last night, that shit sucked lol
All those matchups are ASS
But I also chose to play millia so it's on me
But had Sol into Leo into Nago into Happy Chaos into Leo again into Sol into Leo again
Leo is generally accepted as the worst matchup for my character lol
why did they buff Leo in the first patch and why do I feel like they're going to do it again on the 10th
Ram is also not seen as highly in JP so she's on the table for buffs....
I already take 80% for one counterhit from her and her buttons beat all of mine I can't handle more
I'm just going to play ino if millia doesn't get fixed honestly lol
just give one of my specials a fraction of what they had
my issue with playing Solar is that he played Axl before Leo so he wasn't playing like a monkey and I genuinely couldn't kill Leo if he didn't kill himself
Patient leo is fucking horrifying
what if you had the power to harness electricity but then an italian bitch threw a coconut at you
Y'know I don't know why I expected anything else looking at I-no mods I just wanted to see if she had good recolor alts...
I blinked and you have all of the companions.
Jungle treasure frying pan inbound.
Refunded your shooting star.
But you already had all of the companions??? How could you possibly add another? Hacker.
He'll Para-carry you in the battle.
just 3-0'd a leo ama
I only know how to say the !speed language
I need a thing ik
I got to look at that on speedrun . com
rules: Timing starts when screen fades after you enter the dumpster. Timer stops when you hit the cutscene at the end where you go to the heart. Millenials ONLY.
world rec is 7 mins and 10sec
bc it glitchless it not for u phantom
I will go till I get paper mario...
that's too many daves
dave dave davedave dave davedave dave davedave dave davedave dave davedave dave davedave dave davedave dave dave
"oh god I fell, I'm yellow now"'
There have been like 4 more submissions since I put mine for MWSF
@RuneRavenFP my worst surf fail '_'
Goth girl kammy Flushed
"Golf girl" according to your captions
there is only 1 unique one
"I probably should have ."
"I probably should have a."
how much fp is charge
dam that's almost a cracked bounce arsenal
let's go minigolfing at port
If there's a casino then jesse is 100% coming with
this is not marbles...
sad he leaves at 1hp so you can't watt tap him
"nice cloths call on the heart"
NO! Timecube.com is down now? RIP
almost typed !play agani
both of my mega shark sting... u got mega shark?
use mystery on bowser
that seed was ass to me lol
after I finished I did a bn2 run, actually got a 2nd prism from chip trader phanto274Hype
I kept top decking both of them LUL
what really hurt me was I got the fortress key in ch 7, game overd and forgot to go back for it
streamer, why does Lan rub his face against the wall?
nothing much just chilling after doing some work
that's cool hope the project turns out well!
yeah I get that. normally me with like yt vids and stuff
you want a date?
Its on the table, doesnt mean I'll actually do it lmao
You're now a founder on my channel since I've removed like 9 of them
you were 11th actually
because the first 3 subs were gifts
buff00n kept hitting you when he got drunk
so you had tier 3's at the start LUL
yea if I just keep removing people it just funnels in a list of earliest subbed people
Honestly just funneling it out to the people who are always there
It like JUST dropped
I sent you the tweet like 15 minutes ago lol
I'm gonna put my founder badge back on
wish it was just in the fucking badge menu and not a profile setting
why did they put it in the privacy tab
Debating on keeping brett on this list
I love brett but he's never there lol
he's resubbed like twice for me but I also just don't stream
or stream when he is
tryna think who else would replace him though
oh god I removed one and it reminded me of a specific person I didn't want to remember existed
fuck him up anyway
ok after that I guess it ran out of people to pull from? there is def still AT LEAST trusty and lange but it just gave up lol
there is 1 badge up for grabs LOL
I should remove jesse
you subbed and it gave it to trusty
why didn't it just already do that
I was like I fucking know there's at least like 3 more people to pick from here
@Ohrocks He's going to skip gourmet guy
I also did that last night but that's not important
I gave him the cake later
should I give a founder badge to "glizzytickle"
So don't do a run on tuesday
Ok my founders are my best friend of 13 years, Josh, a streamer friend, jesse, you, plant, ohrocks, buff00n, trusty, lange
All is good now
@Ohrocks congrats on the new shiny badge
you'll be looking better than a Wendys4for4
what shiny new badge?
the 1st badge I currently have but on my channel
oh cool... you just have it to me?
I'm not upset just dumb
yo? stray is getting a physical release
I'm gonna lurk and play the fire emblem demo
twitter seems to like it so far but it's also fire emblem twitter soooo
I havent played the base game yet
I wanna see for myself
I'm too lazy to swap shit for monitors so I'm just going to play off obs
they let me turn off random tutorial windows
everyone is fucking dead
good cinematic to start
oh yea I LZS jumped on jr last night after the chap 7 fight
ok I'm tired of obs I'm plugging the monitor in
It's still early but this game is actually holding a framerate so that's already way better than aoc
Instead of items you get combat arts you can use a certain amount of times a map
they drain weapon durability which is just a meter for them
doesn't affect actual attacks
not what I expected lol
one thing I like so far
Is you hit max speed absurdly fast so you can actually move around bosses
also byleth said 1 sentence and killed all my friends
I'm sur ehe had a good reason
now protag lady is angy
I have 2 sword now
why is jeralt alive I thought they shanked that bitch in like chapter 8
I died and now have obtained sothis 2: the boy one
the lever is a story trigger for G guy to be gone
He looks like ghirahim but naked
he talkin shit now how do I kill him
ok the weapon triangle is still here thank god
It's put as "class advantage" but it's practically the same
also now that I have the power of god and anime they gave me a command dash and I fucking zoom
They told me to use claude to kill a wyvern but I also have grounder sooo
gl with the No Major Sequence Breaks? | !discord !pb, Paper Mario is one of my favorite games :)
I couldn't remember the bot message so I had to improvise
Is 3 Hopes just the new protag getting stabbed by Byleth everytime they meet?
I got shanked once and now I killed a buncha people
THE YOSHI KIDS SNUCK INTO THE JUNGLE ! ! ! "Oh no! Anyway!"
I've not had frame drops in the 2 battles I've done yet
Everything is an improvement over that
man do I want to do BL or GD first
I think I'm leaning blue lions just for felix shittalk
He is genuinely like my fav 3h character and everyone hates him lol
Literally everyone is at this camp except bernadetta
Dorothea said she said if she went she'd die to bandits in the forest so she's just not here
why are you 10 minutes ahead
Dedue wants to cook for me I'm going blue lions
Sylvain already wants to fuck me
not my fault the male protag had bad hair
It's the case with like literally every nintendo game
we're just at a camp with everyone so she just talked about people there
Yea doing those multiple times a day was like the only way to beat the black eagles route on maddening
because the route was short but scaled the same as others so you just had less levels
Still have 0 fucking clue why that route was that short when it's that unique
the church route is also just literally a worse golden deer one
I think it was something to do with the Empire already controlling a majority of the continent
It's the same exact narrative but you don't have claude
M4 just started my seed LUL
Church route should've had Rhea playable
It's basically her route
cant wait to see him do lanterrn ghost lmao
Church route should've HAD rhea
you literally don't see her until the last 2 chapters
she's in prison with bad lady so you literally never see her until the end
3 houses is a very flawed game unless you just play blue lions and stop
Then it's pretty good
THIS MOLE ISN'T A SAVORY FELLA
He's just a savory fella
I am a student now wowee
Jertiza is my teacher
This game looks way nicer than 3 houses
All the models have crisper animations and a bit more polish to the texture work
they're actually moving in 60 frames lol
wow they dont let me pick my dudes for the first house mission so I don't get felix
kronya and monica are separate now I guess
Hai hai. : D
damn we rolled vanilla ck color
@RuneRavenFP Kronya killed Monica and stole her identity in Three Houses
"We're gonna beat Jeralt and his Ashen Demon, then WE'LL be the most well-known mercenaries of the land!" Oh, honey.
not that I'm complaining, but why did this game's anime powerup zoom into the mc's titties
So I'm currently able to use every house member on this map at once
so I guess the cap isn't 4 in this game
I def like that way more with the ordering mechanics
a little early but GG
and you can stills tack units
Wow, Shez is fuckin' stupid
you won't get demonetized if I swear in chat on YouTube, right
@buff00n you see what pape chats talk about and you think swearing is a concern
also phantom already says the fuck word
call phantom to distract him from doing stuff LUL
I saw your tweet obviously
pape pape pape BLANKIES
yeah I can relate
Oh man I get like that where I cant do anything when there is a plan and or I'm anticipating something happen
my peeve is... my father calls to ask for a favor, "okay sure fine" then he goes on "how was your day?" I hate filler convos so fucking much.
I'd be like "if it's important they'll leave a voicemail" LUL
so where I'm at right now, I get home and drop my phone in the laundry room and dont touch it until I leave. Cant do that with the new job lol
texting is more efficient to relay information
phone calls are not
I hate having my phone now, after holding it for 3 minutes my carpal tunnel starts
leaving for work in like 2 seconds but gl and I will leave you on for channel point gains
speaker is a god send now
Good luck at work TacoGuyy!
break a leg taco
Ty I uh didn't really sleep
Was up until 6 working on shit and then took a 2 hour nap and got up to keep going
and now I have to go do manual labor YEP
I slept so much and my eyes were still hurting
so if I do stream today itll be pretty late
I stayed up until 4 am cause I am so good at not keeping a schedule BLANKIES especially while unemployed
I can not wait to sleep at normal hours again
I mean either I sleep too much or not enough
I go to sleep on whims, lay down and it just happens lol
I am well rested now that I'm unemployed Bedge
I sometimes take naps even after I get like 12 hours of sleep
cant stop the beast
oh no, I need enteral darkness to sleep
so I have a sleep mask LMAO
I have cycles where sometimes I need noise to fall asleep and then sometimes I dont.
The Office has put me to sleep a many times :3
It was very nice
I have put on youtube videos but I'm out in 5 minutes so whats the point?
The thing is I have to know I wont miss anything when I fall asleep. so I HAVE to watch something I've seen before or else itll keep me up
sometimes, like last night I'll leave on randoms stream... then he raids and the other stream is so loud it wakes me up FeelsBadMan
yeah I gravitate to people I know or at least the same category, not always the best idea
Last new guy I raided I kept showing off his alerts. They were nice but it was a bit much lol
bob ross raid OMEGALUL
I am fully comfortable just ending my stream and not hosting or raiding
I'll raid some restream of a marathon before someone new tbh
I'll admit, raiding kinda does feel like an obligation to me. Just feels wrong not to, but totally understand why others dont.
that's how I feel too
I had raids turned off for a while. But people would just host me and come in and say "the raid thing wasnt working" Madge
1 whole year? that means phantom has to acknowledge you now KEKW
Boris we need more emotes like boris
Boris Post Boris This Boris boris Boris To Boris Post Boris This Boris boris Boris
Henry Post Henry This Henry henry Henry To Henry Post Henry This Henry henry
water the flesh prison peepoClap
I swear if its 321
one day I will be right and you will reset LUL
I'll take vip over a sub
It would be cool if paper mario had multiplayer
save 100K points or get fuzzy right... which will come first...
how would that work
only thing I could think of is p2 would control the partner in over world and fights
like say if one was done at chapter 1 the other could just go start chapter 2
so the kirby amazing mirror approach?
that would be cool for rando
the bot has spoken phanto274Bless
thats what it means by 2
did you ever play megaman zero?
I have the collection on DS and legacy lol
Its kinda weird for me, I didnt like X but really dig zero
Megaman X is fine, but dont care enough to play any others
Megaman 9 is my favorite one, played that the most
despite most saying its the hardest its the only classic one I finished without save states
pie jumps are like easy but also hard for some reason. easy in practice but AYO in a run no no no
I am not a fan of pie jumps
canon jumps are POOEY tho
still eyeing the ninja turtles collection...
Mitzi, have you seen it?
HOT TAKES BY PHANTOM
and I aint a good masher
I lose runs to the cannon room if I'm unlucky
I can sometimes max hurricane
my mash technique really aint too good lol
one of my adaptors has a turbo function fifiBad
power shock bowser is free
the way this game reads inputs is so annoying for mashes
power shock on things that aren't like ch8 jr or hallway would be way more consistent if the inputs were different
that would get me to run all bosses again lmao
every run I played of that category died to anti guys
9 years ago today megaman was revealed in smash bros... what I day that was...
not even being biased, it's so sick
yeah, that had a budget back then KEKW
so many cool references in it
the cloud trailer is carried by it being cloud's trailer
there's not much special to it lmao
link vs pit in palu reveal was lit tho
Pyra/Mythra trailer was also carried
the greninja one was pretty cool too iirc
In rosalina I was freaking out KIRBY IS IN MARIO KART lmao
but yeah not too many good ones lol
I think it was Wii Rainbow Road
joker taking over the game awards was genius
I'm on 0 hours :)
what about megaman vs sephiroth reveals?
calling byleth cool smh
I loved PoR, have RD but never started it
really like FE7, first one we got on GBA
only FE game ive played is 3 houses
Sora was good, didn't have a lot going for him other than the final character
was really hoping sora would have antiform as a comeback mechanic
sora trailer was more of a "finally they put him in" kinda thing
love how they jebaited everyone with dark souls
oh yeah got into hotfix
no cat left behind
wasn't expecting it ngl so we take those
I thought that was the category, like you had to get all the cats in bowserrs fury LMAO
but it was ok aside from that
how is the ru-
a koopa troopa moment
better than 3rd try I guess
3rd try is the real "i wanna go for speedy record dammit rowf"
COPIUM here ya go
So I watched my 3 year old 16 star pb and noticed that I split late
so my pb isnt actually a 17:09...it is 17:08 lmao
then why do you do it so much?
just find a vanilla rando seed
Idk, ive heard you say more confusing stuff than that
one day I'll dust off my wii u and join you
yeah prologue is just so draining and chapter 1 isn't much better
after my few yesterday I had to just nope out, only so much I can take lol
fuck jr skip lmao
Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue Prologue
I can forgive huff not being around for at least being mentioned a lot and having a real motive other than being one of bowser's chosen dudes
well none of them are dudettes (except maybe LP idk)
reading through sonic fans ripping each other to pieces over shaky 144p footage of Frontiers is bloody hilarious
Should've been a "not" Black Mage partner in this game
or whatever those dudes are called in this series
how is it going
what time do you think you are going to get
I'm sure you're going to do great
I am at the pool fifiHYPEE watching pape while I sun bathe
Thanks for the tracker legend. I've been so addicted to randos lately. Had to say some respects
Every damn time boss it's amazing
After a couple runs I'm starting to memorize my checks and I couldn't have done it with out the maptracker I didn't know about the 2 checks in forever forest for 20 years of playing this game lmfao
that must be the 'doogan dicking' I've heard so much about
now onward to chaper 2
what is your favorite paper mario game
sticker star is so good tho ;-;
my favorite is paper mario the thousand year door
yeah ss is my favorite followed by spm and then pm64
ss was my childhood sooo
likes cp but not ss ;-;
color splash is actually good tho
new pape games aren't bad oldheads just want more rpgs
ss is only rated low bc of the 3ds
and bc the level system tbh
anyone who says new pape is bad have never played actual bad games
Ive done my time
I wish the new games were as ow as the old rpgs
they're both bad so either way
any tips for new wannabe runners?
run while u still can
I'm stuck playing on a wii rom
I'm practicing lzs rn ;-;
I have prologue down pat by now
what other speedrun did you do
mario kaizo sr ;)
will you ever do a kirby speedrun
I used to glitch hunt for ss
I love watching TASs
something about people breaking the game in half speaking to me
well we wouldnt have some mg without tas
tas stuff is really cool but I don't wanna watch a whole tas
just the cool parts
boos are one of my favorite mario enemies
I like mario plush forever
basically a mario acid trip
As much as I like tas's, watching people playing Kaizo is always a good time
Imo kaizo is just a great demonstration of skill
people who speedrun Kaizos scare me as much as people who get good at Tetris
and how far you can really push it yk
more freedom in a rom hack than Mario Maker
I've seen some crazy shit programmed into Kaizo
mario maker kaizo has just more borders so less room for creativity
have you ever play paper mario master quest
eg, a shell that gives you invincibility when you hold it
coins that you stand on if you're not holding a key
a challenge can be fun when it's reasonable
If it's hard in a completely dickish way, I'm not interested
I'm doing a level 1 challenge on the thousand year door
Lunatic in Awakening's a good example. FUCK Lunatic.
I like the route for getting Peril
who came up with that?
finish the heart attack
new pb on wii tetris
why can ppl still follow you if they're banned
how have I not made a burner called girthmaddi yet
chapter 3 is done
who tf is that
so this is someone with nothing better to do, I see
how can jr troopa fly through
but watt is a good partner though
Watt's good, the problem is; this is a speedrun
we don't need "good' partners, we need "optimal" partners
I hope you know you're my timer for tanning. I'm switching sides every chapter
that's quite the tech
Imma be burnt lmao
on reflection, why are these toads in the toy box
they could've been friendly shy guys
I started tanning in chapter 1
Go fast so I don't get burnt Kappa
I'm too used to rando, was expecting Tast T. to give you syrup or something else
If you made a tire list for the paper mario 64 partners who would be the best for a speedrun
best pb for me
I'm good, eating ribs on my lunch break LUL
Leftovers from last night lol
Rib meat as a sandwich gerbieGasm
That sounds nice! Rice on the side?
Ohhh the fried egg nice touvh
you finished half of the game good job
Hell yeah over easy is the best
scrambled eggs with grilled cheese tho ;-;
just woke back up, dont remember where you were at last lol
what's your favorite food mine is pizza
I think mine would be chicken wings
I expected you to say ribs
The lemon pepper they have at wingstop is good
I like burger King
I like spicy but damn if it's too spicy I can't even enjoy the food cuz I'll be dying lol
@mx_four tell that to @PhantomGamesBot LUL
the yoshI's are gone
anyways, pizza with ranch>
we gonna see random strat?
you guys making me hungry brb
I just setup up some chicken to marinate
firsties are just bulshit
HELLA looking forward to that being delicious
speaking of food I had some popcorn a few hours ago
I think we can all agree on one thing
granparents cook > everything else
I sorry for your loss
no way I lived in alabama for like 3 years
My grandparents raised me lol
have you played bug fables
earlier we talking about megaman's reveal being today, apparently 3 years was also banjo
Bug Fables is in that position where I'm unfairly comparing it to the game it's based off of the entire time I watch
and it doesn't do well in the comparison
I treat "A Step From Eden" the same way
yeah, navicust is a big part too
combat and the sprite work for me, Eden doesn't look visually appealing enough to me
what do you think of black pit?
don't get me wrong, BN stories after 3 are WACK
but you can try to have a good/interesting story
Its literal gauntlets, the one thing we hate most about bn LMAO
I like the remixes black pit did
I like when rougelike is a mode, and not the entire game
yeah, like in bn2 I hate 3rd scenario the most just because of A license
I don't like the maze either
I ran a poll in komaris stream about sky gauntlets once, the result was viewers didnt know about sky gauntlets LMAO
BN3: You want Hub.Batch? WELL, have fun with this 20 enemy gauntlet!
sick burn, gonna need 350 pokedollars for the burn heal
I like quiz part
We left the pool. Gonna get froyo now
Thanks I shall
the fuck is frozen yogurt
something I, personally, am not a fan of
ok y'all are wild
I never tried froyo
mitzi, the stream is saying you are wrong LUL
@PerMitzi mate, I've tried
On God, I've given FroYo numerous chances
Froyo is so good
each time, I threw it into the bin
@PerMitzi W H A T
just give me cheesecake
I'll EAT FROYO AND YOU CAN EAT GELATO
@PerMitzi I'll shake to that
It has been shook
Tho technically isn't cheesecake a pie
It didn't come up
It has a crust
was gonna make buffoon say " I love butts"
beat ya to it
I'm not on mobile but still blaming it
so there is a thing about hard mode
I'm a sucker for strawberry, or mixed berry cheesecake
my save is on vba, and I'm not going back to that, so it requires a 100% on bizhawk
the hud will speed it up but still needs effort
Battle Network NEEDS multiple save files
I don't wanna buy a whole 'nother cart just to do a separate playthrough
did you know that these motny moles have a weakness to hammer throw
would you really go back to the first file?
I ain't resetting that BN3 Blue 100% cart I have
@Axl_Sensei for netbattle, yeah
you 100% theres no reason to return to it
I ain't throwing all that work in th garbage
not in game like BN
I've a device that lets me play carts on PC and dump em as roms
you can do that on gbi?
will be doing a bn2 run tonight to try something new
something no one has ever tried
Is it a run of bn2
what do you think of the amazy daisy
bn1, 2 and 6 are the games I haven't beat
you remember the kotobuki elevator?
I didn't realize there were 6 of those
coming back to bn1 seems like a MASSIVE step backwards
bn2 still has charm
In the Kotobuki apartment, when all but one floor has been unlocked, the cursor in the elevator menu behaves erratically under specific circumstances. When the bottom left option in the menu is selected, and the player presses Left on the D-pad, the rightmost option (Quit) should be selected. However, in the Japanese versions, the second-to-last option (i.e. the highest available floor) is selected instead.
that seems designed just to mess with speedrunners
this incredible song for an area you spend, like, 20 seconds in
so if I am reading that glitch right we can skip all of apartment comps
honestly the clear sky sun room is the best song in the game
I thought the "Sunny" Flower Fields played if you went back to the Sun
yeah so streaming under retro to not attract teambn LUL
brb, youtube'ing sunny sun song
yo imagine if the first time we ever did that was during komarI's hot fix LMAO
WHY'S THIS A BOP
You no reason to revisit the Sun
I went back there casually to go see what the sun said and just sat there for an hour
then again, these are the same people who made TTYD's file select screen have a 4+ minute for a screen you spend less than 5 seconds on
I wonder if we are going to see a giant
I was assuming they'd remove the flag that triggered the sad music after the clouds go away
not add an entire another song to replace it
2 more chapters to go
he goes live at 2am my time lol
hello there bagged milk
I watched one hour
I had a streamer show it off on stream lol
you put the bag in a pitcher and cut a little corner off
thats hwo they do it
thats why I make fun of it
better than pouring said bag of milk
have you seen powdered milk? you add water
I'm still adding milk to hot chocolate mix
but I don't understand this what is so wrong with pouring the milk first before the cereal
phantom ive got a great clip you need to see
this man green screened himself into bn mugshot portrait LMAO
lookin' like a friggin' codec convo from Metal Gear
I love BN npcs
they have good designs
I thought it was really cool to see bn integrate different races
I threw the clip in general
If only phantom had a channel for clips Kappa
@Axl_Sensei YOU WANT SOME MAH DIS WHISKEY
did you see the jameike ones I shared in there
In my defense, I thought it was phantom-specific clips
do you play Friday night funkin
I listen to some of the music
b side game over theme is fire
I bought TMNT Shredder's Revenge and am waiting as patiently as possible
waiting on Sonic Origins as well
you could stream them
whether I'll actually play the game idk
but I do want to
I never booted up xeno 2
xc1 is very possibly my favorite game
I bought a friend the XC2 dlc and that fucker NEVER played it
Its the thought that counts
XC1 has better character design as well, imo
Mythra's design is better with the leggings
I don't accept arguments on this
damn, those plants were chillin'
I bought one of my friends persona 5, if it never plays it fine. Just holding on to it is enough for me
I preferred pretty much everything from the first game over the second
In going to leave for a little bit
although the second was still great
@superkirby879 have a good evening, mate
thanks for stopping by
for someone, smart, he sounds stupid
so you're telling me his Smash win quote: "I can change the future!" isn't accurate to his character for a majority of the game????
very smart but also horrible with people
I havent played super far into xeno 1, I remember getting purge tho
no he CAN change the future
he just doesn't actually tell people about the future
just cuz can change the future doesn't mean he WILL change the future
he changes the future in fights
did literally anyone ever use sharla
If my big red sword told me someone I know/met is gonna die, I'd think it's probably important to let those people know
Isn't optimal postgame like
Hell, even BYLETH tried to save their dad when they watched him die the first time
dunban fiora someone definitely
dunban is the highest dps
It's been like 6 years since I beat xc1
I remember my older bro getting XC1 on Wii. Our Wii decided to have that disc reading issue the INSTANT he popped XC in.
I know ng+ speedruns use dunban mainly
but then every other disc refused to read afterwards
simply don't get hit
If only the attacks in that game had a reasonable hitbox
cant wait to see the 4 hr run
I mainly played shulk casually
after this are you gonna do another run today?
If you do I'm def sticking around for it
THE KING IS DEAD
what's the blu spinny lined
I forgot dizzy attack was a badge
we are at the home stretch everyone it's chapter 8 time
It's not worth skipping unless you go for 4/4 cannon jumps
I can do it but it's super cringe
I won't go for it unless I need it lol, it doesn't even save that much
and even then you really don't need it but it's cool to know how to at least
oh right this part of the game exists
loved it so much I gifted it a sub lmao
will you play fall guys
so messing with bn stuff off stream, using the hud I jumped from tutorial to A license LUL
I can't wait to play it
free to pay, I think
Laying in the sun really saps you of your energy shoosh4Sleep I'm in bed now and I might take a nap
I slpet so much today, will be ready to stream in a little bit
It's about 2:03 from fadeout entering quiz room
I think I got more vitamin d today than I have in the past 6 months
19 in the fight
save 2s on next split from partner swap ho
phanto274Hype I'm so hyped
70k tetris game ;-;
Is it worth it to go for more jumps in this first part? permitHmm
I'm positive Phantom would murder me if I did bad rng
If you do more than 4+3 he will heal in safe fight
I had gotten like 600+ bytes or whatever theyre called this stream
next stream imma binge spend them for ya
back when I started this time was top 10
I'm gonna spend 100k to get you to speedrun ss
I remember bluecrystal getting his time, was 10th place at the time
yeah, I ssw bn3 on the list lol
I will spend 200k points for that to happen
smrpg is a good game
`Oh I get back and you went fast
GG on pb though!
I'm 40K away from "Speedrun a new game"
how close is 15
I'd have bought that capture card from you if Glenn hadn't
@buff00n actual PC, first
start with goombario for a sub
Flinched when I hear Axl lol
@ElectricAxel as a "Brandon", I understand entirely
I never met this axl
Imagine having a second one of yourself
@Axl_Sensei I lurk a lot
I do actually know a second taco
totally didn't go to combo breaker with 2 tacoguys
Ive met axl_thunder and phantomaxl
@ElectricAxel yeah xD my rl name is also very common
yes chat therre is a phantom axl LUL
I would hope you've met phantomaxl that's your guys' son
taco I have a clip for you
dm me it this instant
gg all the way
how does random work
do we have traps?
forgot to ask for that
those who know OMEGALUL
Traps are really funny
Yo burger king did the classic
I got a custard concrete w/ cheesecake, pb cups and caramel
they put an onion ring in my fries
and it is TASTY
I hate it here
So its basicalkly just a 100% rng run
maybe you should start w/ Goombario more often
you started a new stream
I honestly like how the strive patch went
The tier list is pretty much the same order but the gap between chars is so much smaller it's crazy
I've watched you break those blocks a bunch, but I couldn't remember the order when taco was playing
He's the same spot lol
Faust got actual shit now though
just shows the economic status of the mushroom kingdom
Scarecrow mix has become the shit you were doing to me in xrd with the door
kooper has to sell himself for money
If kooper sold himself
who gets the money
the people he owes money
flower saver could be lit
he was selling money
I finished chapter 1 in like 25 minutes on the seed I did the other day cause they gave me a key right away and I started laki lol
Ok Ram is still doing ram shit they didn't really hit her besides the sword throw thing
gtg tune in later
I like the bots mindset
he just like me frfr
Imagine me actually doing bn routing...
Mystery sol got 49th
Is is a potential skip no one has done, also I does skip apartment comps sadly. I misunderstood it
he lost to "ARJAY!"
big d 3-0'd leon
Blacktwins already in losers
The N wasn't capital so I think it was bowser leon?
Oh yea that was lucina LOL
Big D is really fucking good
Doesn't big d like just have a life
He's just a GIGACHAD
The best lucina in eu :)
he'd do better if he swapped to Marth
jesse chag for top 24 winners qual
I pulled up a stream
and it was arbiter
I've not muted that fast in a hot minute
you were no longer audible
I just want game audio
He's EE without the dial
Although even full wilding EE will still be more chill than that because otherwise it loses its value
I've watched too many full drunk no filter EE streams
EE can catch himself, I've seen a stream or two where he almost said "motherfucker" but stopped short
That's a newer thing
He hasn't been allowed to get away with that habit for ult commentary so he's gotten really good about self bleeping lol
Especially for the extra nintendo gigs
Gimr wouldn't hire coney if he was still allowed to say what he wanted with tk LOL
Coney be saying some shit
Ludo got shit on in both ways by gluto
the whole set was battlefield
Wizzy kome is happening
how hard you think wizzy is gonna bitch about not whiff punishing after this
on his public or priv twitter?
the matchup isn't even as bad as wizzy says
It's a good wario matchup and mario has very similar tools movement and aerial wise he can weave through shit
yea you can get stuffed but your buttons are also god
and if he knew how to kill combo 
wizzy is just running in and swinging
he won't stop jumping and that's the only thing kome is swinging for
It's doable, but getting in is a pain
I forgot how much dancing blade sucked in Smash 4
wizzy just did run up nair up b
Rock climb with laki is cool
If you get on laki after you get on the first ledge for rock climb you just fall through the map and go up there
It's rad cause I literally can never do the 2nd jump YEP
Kome literally just sat at roll distance and waited for wizzy to mash at him and just ftilted him to end the set
Time to get ultra stoned DOUBLEWEED
"Heinrich hip ultrasound" thank you captions
all the time was wasted, couldnt get elevator glitch to do anything
I might be a v 1.1 glitch only and I use 1.0 for prism
so basically what it would do is let us skip the 2nd refights
when the fuck did kooper go there and why did he get spicy with it there
was it with kolorado Flushed
Its not documented if jp 1.1 patches it or not. Just an assumption I always had
Esam is now playing the shulk that big d beat at genesis
big d beat him before losing to sisqui I think
Kels is top 32
was waiting for you to get it then mess it up KEKW
wheres the fun in opening the lock
I did shovel jump during my seed
It was very rad
seeing rumblings Banjo will be in microsofts show, but kirkhope says its not happening...
what's the star ghost gonna be
oop justice beat leon
25th for eu 
I missed the pb had to call a locksmith since my key broke on my apt door NotLikeThis lets gooo dude gratz!!
Very respectful placing bossman!
looking forward to actually watching smash at CEO
I thought about going but didnt know anyone else that was going
Its a 3 hour drive for me
esam had a game 5 last hit and I can just see him sitting behind him watching baseball
Is this frame perfect?
he has his priorities
I was getting a bit bored
big d riddles who you got
Bombette, I didn't know you had a sister
big d made a desync wall and then power geyser'd
that's really good hol up
he does nana blizzard popo up tilt when riddles goes for power dunk above stage cause it covers all drifts
he's playing this bitch like a puppet character how good are desync setups wtf
the other stream is pacman dark samus
riddles sdI'd a twitter combo and then dash attacked
he shot like straight behind ic's from blizzard
BOMBETTE DONT DRINK THAT
I said that name to Jibca and he immediately knew what it was
I just took a shot
I think he's been to combo breaker too much
XD hows it going? hows the rando so far? I found you on youtube thought I'd check ya out!
I'm uploading PB's when I start running again that shit is going incredible for you LOL
they are heaps good man usually just chuck one up before bed XD
I used to do twitch to sleep to but my usual degen streamers aren't currently streaming or streaming at that hour
Cause morph has a job now and Sway isn't streaming as much
Knives is already annoyed at me and buff00n from the groupchat so I can say that freely
that's a nice color for Kammy
we're both banned from knives' bathroom
larry got shit on
he died game 2 becase gluto held down during the back hit of up titl and fell out and ftilted him
oop jesse hit a run up fair
I hate that it works when he does it
cause he's patient the whole game and then he just says fuck you
He faired jesse going low and missed the cypher tech and died
Literally should've just daired
he was above him lol
yea chag is MAD jesse is just pressing now and it's working way too well lolll
he killed him in 30s lol
I mean you have boots and sushi so I'm pretty sure it wants you there by now
oh right I forgot you didn't get weight
man jesse is playing incredible right now
esam is playing mii brawler against sisqui....
Tea shows up on stream and all the kanji names in chat just say KAZUYA MISHIMA
Esam won game 1 on sbf then went pika for fd
Saving the yoshis has many reasons to why it sucks but the music leaving is so tragic
Tea went kazuya against tilde
tilde didn't ban fd
oh wait there's no bans
TEA DID ELECTRIC TO SUICIDE GRAB
japanese chat is just KAZUYA MISHIMA'ing even harder
welp esam lost to sisqui
his pika wasn't doing it after the brawler
Tilde is getting camped very hard by tea and it's really funny
peli vs shuton oh boy
lemme go to the bathroom now
I'm not missing anything
hyows the rando going g
did you pb btw
YO WHAT AXL GIFTED ME A SUB WHILE I WAS IN A COMA phanto274Love
Thank you Axl phanto274Hype
What made this seed so bad?? phanto274Thonk
Chapter 3 has some goods ayo?
Find after find after find lmao
I'm curious to see what else there is
Chapter 3 was kinda loaded
Oh you can go to flower fields now too!
shy guys are so cute I can't
I wonder where the triangle stone is
you can beat 6 too cause we found the hidden dirt
I believe you found a letter for a boo too maybe they have the stone
People be giving you singular coins what is this lol
Seed said hold my beer
you could redeem it as a rando seed for ryan
I'd love to watch someone else suffer with this as well fifiHYPEE
I woke up right as we got the motherload chapter 3 checks
Watch gourmet guy actually have the stone
poor guy was stuffed in a block and couldn't deliver his letters
Oh ok hologram parakarry got it covered
I am scared to start randos
we have 2 park submissions its a good chance it gets in now thats neat
I live 20 mins away from the venue so I dont need any intricate planning at all hehe
wild how dog island got in LMAO
dog game go fast
forgot the bubble berry Kappa
did you learn your lesson from my seed?
mole fights had your poop
Is this your 33rd rando?
remove power plus Kappa
do you have both damage dodges
look at this clip
wizzy is back to form
Where was the triangle
In one of the vines
also AXL! thanks for the gift sub
phantom picked goombario so I tossed some coins in his hat
sure but I'd require 2 sub for a goombario seed KEKW
then our race we started goombario and 1st check had kooper lol
actually starting goombario isnt that bad cause to game is forced to give you another partner
take a volt shroom for back up
twitter you had one job
Its some battle network fan art but it has the pokemon trend tag
Any% runners should've just modded me in their chats to win lol
my strat works so well
youve been live for 9 and a hlaf hours
go for 10 bitch
I'm hungry for 30 more minutes of content
eat a life shroom then
you got enough to feed the homeless
up and away him
sees image of ps2 "first game you think of" first 3 games I thought of werent on PS2 so I went with sonic heroes OMEGALUL
ps2 was the worst version
he pinged me with that
How does the feed was me
I assume that was dodge master but still what's the 9 cap odds
m4 is doing fortnite but I have no runners on my list
thanks for the stream
I think rando is healthiest in small doses
Also the game is a bit louder than you
What's more powerful: pacepals or rando viewers
Simply stream under pokemon pinball
I mean mainline pokemon is just the same game each time
the only useful ones are like languages, challenge runs, and wr
When I streamed poke rando most views came from the challenge tab
that's been me for windwaker
And if you figure it out let me know please
At least pape people are cool and will lurk anyways
Well at least for the actual runners
After I finish this last bit of schoolwork and actually have time not spent to just this and work I'm gonna start ori 2 for real this time
Very much procrastinated this shit and it's why I've not slept the weekend I've just been doing it before and after work YEP
It was like the last couple weeks I just didn't do yet
I already finished history cause I just wanted that shit over with
It's so fucking boring
It was american history for this year and like
I don't care what terrible things the us has done let me exist I'm never using this and I've already shot it back out of my brain cause I dont care
That's been my mindset for like all of highschool tbh LOL
Like I'm doing well I just don't care at all
My mom can't even do basic math anymore so I live with an example of why this shit dont matter
She's a librarian she doesn't need anything besides the one thing she liked
Like I'd rather worry about shit when it actually matters for me
can you go fast?
Yea most of this shit is just there to teach me how to solve that sections problems and then I just don't need it ever again lol
Made it very easy to put this off in the first place cause I just didnt want to
anyways back to it I go weedMario
thas cause you're a nerd
Jesse is a bigger nerd
You're a cool nerd
He wants to count coins
I was tempted to post the pasta but I don't think I want the bot to have that
I don't want the bot to say "3' tall and 63.9 pounds to handle human dicks" in the wrong sentence
or any sentence honestly
what's traffic in Seattle like?
welp, we'll figure it out
bitch you live in illinois
live in the suburbs does not equate to driving in the city
just don't be a bitch
I'll toss you the keys
and tell you "don't be a bitch"
just get good at driving you two
I mean I won't be a bitch but you'll also not live long
I'm okay with these terms
phantom doesn't seem to object so let's die at port priority
just drive in a straight line and its easy
I'm 100% down for driving to that bakery
please tell me that bakery's still around
we can make a detour
It also depends when me n' TacoMann get there
and it depends on when we get a ride
no text box :)
I'm fine with that
what day you want us over?
I can do Wednesday
PP is Saturday and Sunday, according to my calendar
so we'd have Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
I mean, I'm coming from midwest
so, if I leave around 10am, I'll prolly get to your area around 9 or 10am your time
I'm down for a good time
haha buffoon said PP
even with that bs and the fact I forgor'd 2 friends
I still was like a minute off
had to be like dugtrio
they made it get heccin meowth
my favorite part of the run, domestic abuse
fuck that guy, forget him anyway
go get dinner with glaceon instead
Become the homewrecker buff00n dreams of being
my brain is not functional
It didn't click I said the wrong one until you said that LOL
I've slept like 6 hours the past 3 days so I'm not taking blame for that
I named my mega blastoise blaziken
I also got a sandslash that I named poncho and I genuinely don't know why that was what came into my head when I caught that thing
But he has drizzle and thousand arrows
He tried to learn morning sun but like
My Conkeldurr has just been mashing acrobatics the whole game and the only thing that's lived is the arceus lol
TTYD in general is super fucking hard
Then you end with rng and difficult as shit
At least pg skip is really easy besides the roll clip
Just have to learn the texture
cavern is the globally least favorite zone by casuals
The playstation store listen tekken 2 at 10k
The best cases are all of us or all of you because even if I'm not in I will just win the smash bracket
lemme see if anyone else submitted a zelda lol
Yea when I typed zelda I saw that LOL
why are we beating up the gible
That person described both games as zelda
Gible has it coming
WHAT that's how you make friends???
Brady's pokepark desc starts with "You will play as pikachu." and idk why that feels threatening
pikachu really said be my friend or else
raichu took a hit for torchic
I subbed from both accounts :)
oh I already was subbed
Its because of raichu Kappa
had to be documented
this games speedy spin?
that chase lasted like .01 seconds
my god pikachu really just kicks everyones asses
Nago's beyblade in strive is a disjoint too thas crazy
oh my god pikachu carrying things
"We wanna help you by fucking you over"
Golem loves straight objects
Yea he just really liked your work
no more straight things Gayge
what is this game
abras a freaking sniper
so where is the most time save
the map looks like a zelda dungeon
blastoise started with a lil spin
how would you even do that faster
wow pikachu really can just side step those attacks lmao
O there are so many nuances to the movement
That looks hard tho the camera and everything monkaS how much time is lost when it gets messed up
I like this game. Why have I never heard of it?
I had a wii phanto274Thonk
yo this a bop
omg the sign matches him
this is one of my fave pokemon
dont tell jumpluff to shut up its adorable papeHands
the loading screens are also lovely
the movement looks like it can be a bit finnicky
Is there another way to move?
ok I like this game less now LUL
I am not a dpad gamer
literally a blimp of rayquaza
this is fall guys
whatever this pokemons name is I forget
KWAHZA is how I say it
the official pronunciation is whatever I read it as lmao
pikachu a gardener now
Bathroom break worthy cutscene at the END of a videogame? Heresy.
Why are we still here? Just to suffer?
to be fair this probably wouldnt do too much damage to the world
It doesnt look that big of a sky island
the music is stressing me
It was ascending menacingly
That sucks so much ass
Item slides in lava are stupid hard. It only saves like 4 secs optimally haha
I just put some mozzarella cheese sticks in the oven. : D
I'm lactose intolerant D:
Thanks. ;_; They are so delicious though.
This is a strange Paper Mario rando.
No no, you're good. You've got this
start telling people to sub during your randos
Look at the camera after a chapter and say "sub bitch"
he may have record
But you have Boris
I'm goin to AS again this week
Taking jaemi with this time
gotta get 2 st cloud in top 8 this time
gonna be lurking. Gotta pack for a wisconsin dells trip with some friends
"Shaking master" You very well know the proper term is waggle warrior
Make sure you go to the bathroom as soon as the credits roll, even if you dont have to.
Me and brady at least already live here
So if we dont we can just be there anyway
Brady is closer than I am lol
Tbh I just hope they release the gamelist pretty quick so we can just book shit without worrying
Tas turtwig thats huge
I mean there is things to do in the city and a tournament happening for like every FG so it wouldn't be awful if we just went without many runs to be a part of
I dont need a hotel I'm so close lol
Cause they had like combo breaker numbers of brackets last year at 2dcon
Idk how well each one was ran but the smash one I've been told is usually good
My gold split tutorial is 2:17
Ive only ever gotten one
Yes left saves a sec
The more frontiers gameplay I see the more I feel like game is gonna be shit
It looks so slow and limited movement wise
Let sonic fucking run stop making him need fucking resource to do it
Sonic mania and heroes have been the only games ive enjoyed
People are so obsessed with Sonic but the games are so donkey ass
Sonic has a very terrible lineup of games compared to other franchises that have lasted this long
@RuneRavenFP a hands-on said that there's a "action" setting and a "high-speed" setting in Frontiers. Most people opted for the "action" since they're getting a feel for it
Why make good gameplay a toggle
Because people don't know how to play Sonic games
SEGA DOESNT KNOW HOW TO MAKE THEM
How do you even play sonic games
just fuckin go fast and jump around
Its just jump and run lol
Get from point A to point B as fast as possible with flashy shit and cool areas
Not rocks and grass and crawling without resource
Modern sonic has been trying to make the combat better each game but #1, they've failed horribly #2, who plays sonic for combat
If all of us get a game into midwwest speedfest that would be awesome
And I can totally see glenn getting park over me haha
They have a lot to choose from for me 
Brady if glenn gets in over you we will beat him up outside a perkins
gimme a game that's nothing but Daytime/Modern gameplay (ie Boost) the entire experience
If you get pape in I can commentate
This is really good so far phantom wow
I'll just shut my mouth
yea you did this brady
The cheese sticks are delicious, by the way. : D Alas, I can hear my stomach going "Why are you like this? Who hurt you?"
It's fine. The stomach pains from my lactose intolerance still have nothing on my cramps. >:I
@VikiHexen why do you do this to yourself
Besides, I have a Nintendo Switch. I can go live in in the bathroom for four hours later. KEKWait
If I get in I'm gonna do torterra mid run to be funny
Dark souls boss of this game
I had a coworker who left early because they ate a truckload of cheese despite being lactose intolerant the night priot
Theres a cheeky lil tip that can save you loads of time
Spamming the camera button while turning makes your turns tighter. You just save more time for free
2 ways to kill your run in meeting place in a span of 2 mins lol
Quiz resets are the worst feeling
Krabby somehow is 4 legged
I'm a gold pal fuck you
wait gold digger is a better term
Imagine watching a sm64 runner and being a golddigger
I've watched so many sm64 runs from top players and I've seen them gold like 5 times
I saw slipperynip gold whomps a few months ago
You can get oddish on the way out from venusaurs
Hows beach zone going I'm done packing now
How do you like the speedrun though are you regretting it yet
No dont grab lumber before cutscene
I'm glad to hear that though
I skip my splits when I move off route so my sum of best is mostly correct
I skip if I get treecko
my new route skips teddi in favor of burmy. It loses 2 secs but its consistent
Isn't burmy in the treehouse
If I get a red berry in tutorial then I replace ursaring with burmy instead
thems fighting herds is on sale phantom should I grab it
did you talk to the static one?
So hypothetically speaking, if phantom beats glenns time does that mean glenn is going to have to return to any%
Wii park has fog inside cavern zone but wii u doesnt
No. I mean you stand at the rails and look at dugtrio and theres fog in the air there. Thats the only spot and its weird and makes no sense
Its hard to explain but wii u and wii feel different like the wii version is just grittier and more grungy
Wait there isnt fog on yours wtf
Maybe its a jp thing cause on jp theres a shit ton of fog I swear I'm not bananas
Does this pb have 2 irons
we want gold right
Yeah its fucking nuts
Theres a line on the ground right that I use
Its a big line though not some random ass pixel lol
Rhyperiors is a cool concept atleast though
But haunted is overall my favorite zone. Design wise, the pokemon, almost no rng, funny jokes, great zone
WR is 2:18!? :O by brady oh my we got royalty
I've met brady in person so does that make me famous by association
well I havent so brady is royalty to me :)
Oh course you like haunted zone dusknoir is there
Quiz lost you a good 40 damn thats rough
A lot of movement mistakes in ww can lose me a minute+ or the run
Which is why I'm absurdly conservative compared to alberto with the hard shit loll
Missing an item pick up loses like 3 secs its absurd
I don't feel like losing the run to save 3 seconds
pikachu is fucking dead
Jp quizzes are brutal
Y'know what we gotta do
get that shit away
Lost a 2 minute jp pb to porygon z quiz. One of the quiz answers werent in the document and I got it twice so I lost every ounce of time save
oh shit my b
Pokemon runners are very very dumb
I love this minigame
Wait what about easier languages what lol
pOKEMON ALSO HAS ICONS FOR LITERALLY EVERYTHING
and dialogue is fucking yes or no
Thats kinda ridiculous lol
I've never played windwaker in english for runs it's really really not hard
I just learned my menu text for things
Ah yes cause theres an objective fun
BITCH WINDWAKER HAS MENU BASED GLITCHES
And our damn menus don't have icons it's just the damn text
or just dont get confused dumbass
guess what spanish word that is :)
how could you tell that's for confusion
wanna know what paralyze is in spanish
It's very hard to tell :)
Pokepark is literally just based
The one good pokemon community lol
we just want our funny little pikachu game to go fast
English is faster than all the ofher pal languages ironically
Mismagius has become one of my fav pokemon lately
Psr discord is harder to listen to than twitter
don't you like them making a category for a single trick at the end of the run
Imagine having a leaderboard split for puppet ganon skip
If they said that
I would run in spanish and submit
Since I've never been there I would just show up
I kind of want to now
Then tell them to fuck off because it's dumb
So they get someone refusing to run because of their dumb board lol
I just got into an hour long argument in the multi mario server over a new src rules NotLikeThis
they allowed you to cut out a game in a longer run to be able to submit for 2
like you can take out your galaxy game in order to submit for say sandbox
TA instead of RTA basically
oh I'm in favor btw
yee imagine doing a 1962 and being able to cut out BF and can submit for 1862 if your race order is differenty
the bot agrees with glenn
well I had to deal with 3 hardheads that just kept saying the same dumb shit about it ruining the "integrity of the leaderbaord"
they started going after mods too it was real dumb
Its a positive but they were too busy not reading what the rule said
thats def what one person interpreted the rule to be
no they just couldnt read
there's currently a poll and its 45-5 in favor
he's def one of the most known
the best is odme CoolCat
when we hang out at midfest does that mean I'm a well known multi mario runner fourthgenBLUSH
@Glennjaamin nope you still not famous
kinda spoopy if ask me
I did 1 602
so I'm built different
he's a top sunshine runner
honestly sunshine is now not my worst mario game
galaxy 2 is way worse
Galaxy 2 is just bad
I main fighting games but I fucking hate the smash people so I don't
I'ma start streaming strive if I get it to run smooth with obs
Should prolly try that again now that I fixed the drivers
honestly I'd love to be a park mod
I would submit a park 1 run if he got mod just to make him watch it
I'd shittalk him the whole time
The 3DW community still hasnt put me on the cat ext board CoolCat
m4 is my favorite
you dont mod a community right phantom?
Youll love rhyperiors attraction during all friends tomorrow phantom
you doing all friends tm?
when you thinking of starting the run?
Practice attractions beforehand honestly
random% is kicking my ass
I need a break
I died 8 times td in 7-4
and I wanted to go fast
Spamming camera will also make you go up the treehouse stairs faster
Ima probs submit park all friends to RRLAT one day
really really long a thon
Imagine trying to commentate during attraction grinding
remember it aint all of psr just switch psr
they the dumb dumbs
oh yeah its a lot of the same 3ds community but the 3ds community is actually good
@Bradybooo pikachus buddy buddy adventure
josh setup a whole 3ds pokemon speedrunning contest
and oras fixed their shit ending time
It was post credits fight to brendan, now its hall of fame
Star rod just feels better to split at
It has the music to it too
thats how josh felt about the oras fight
There's a reason people mainly say gg at starrod
the run is over lol
person ahead of glenn washed
wait what if it's my turn
we can just leap frog up to brady
do it I aint gonna run any% seriously for a while
I may do one for fun but like if I was gonna actually run park I'd do 2
I wanna learn ORAS atm
I wanna commit to ori after I finish this last bit of shit
Good shit, going to bed gn
look at pulse if you wanna learn firered
there's manipless and manip
make sure to tag me
@Glennjaamin I think it's good that he died
Mine has 490 views get on my level Phantom
I'm telling you its forbidden time save
hand written notes lets go!
did you makes these notes?
what drew you to this?
been thinking about stream schedule stuff, will be nice to actually keep up with that. Just need to see what nights the new job leaves open
with my days off changing every 2 weeks I just couldnt commit and didnt want to change it every 2 weeks
with bn being a shorter game I was able to do more attempts vs something like pape
Is this a mixed dex then?
oh I learned something recently you might find interesting
so in pape the seeds are called fushiginatane or "mysterious seed"
I knew I heard that name somewhere before....
Bulbasaur's name is fushigidane or "isnt it weird?" But know I know wherre the pun came from LUL
I wanna see you win this race with regigigigas
but his ability slow start Kappa
he did his best
also found all the your partners first attacks are name after them. EX Shell Toss would be Kooper Attack.
But Bombette's name is "Pinky" so her Body Slam is literally "Pinky Attack" which I find uncontrollably funny.
gotta friend them all :D
not much just resting
Is it a random pikachu?
Hello phanto274Lurk I'm waiting to get my hair cut
like you playing as
And then I have to go grocery shopping permitDead I hate doing errands
Haircuts scare me. I love my hair
good luck on friendship
If I were this pikachu I would just accept death cause no way I'm making that many friends lmao
I'd give up immediately bc my limbs are too stubby
Buy followers, primes and viewers on mystrm .store
I have banned the bot by proxy by simply not reading it
falls in water "hey let's be friends"
oh no, Jugoomba is taking bn2 next... goodbye my top 3 spot
after that he will have WR in all 6 games axlsenS
no cause I forget to eat food
food just slips my mind 100% of the time I be on Twitch
the times are so close, so why is pokemon split between US and JPN?
the not getting along parrt
I enjoy a good phantom shitting on psr stream
Vaporeon is a Pok'mon in this game?
someone call the quiz king?!
why is wingull on the GROUND
You just beat a grandma
If your uphill of him, he'll land faster
well fuck, there goes my productivity. Pokemon twitch channel is streaming gen 3 anime LUL
They just met Mr. Stone of the Devon Corp
Sends out Crawdaunt, Chat: BIG MEATY CLAWS!!
I love watch dumb shit with chat
are you running on emulator or on console?
can you run the game on emulator? cause I remember the game having alot of wiimote stuff
rule #1 blame glenn
my route would have you stop by Taco Bell and get a Baja Blast before starting the timer
Why the category shift?
That Scizor is dark as hell. What did they do to my boy???
You use other Pokemon in this run?! Holy.
Could you theoretically Pikachu only this run?
Do you get more than two health blips on Pikachu in this run? Or is that still just not a thing?
I'd consider what just happened as Hitmonslaughter.
xD Your speech to text for that was hilarious. It picked it up as "Hitman, slaughter." Like you're giving a command to a Pokemon.
So, like, I'm not the only one here that understands that Pikachu is just bullying everyone else into being his friend, right?
Is that Goofy's voice actor playing Torkoal? xD
You can't unhear it now, can you? Haha.
I am eating for the first time today. I got some sushi
to be fair I woke up like 4 hours ago
Idk its like a party platter
I made hamburger helper. : D
party of 1 platter
ohhhh a french dip
quilava turns into a roly poly
my god he's throwing a fit
can you stop shittin fire OMEGALUL
the slow mo makes them recoiling from the attack so much funnier
caught in the crossfire my guy
we all need a little shock here and there
just a lil sting
yo my haircut didnt go too bad. Tho she cut off like an inch and a half clintB muh length
But does Lightning Strike twice in the same spot?
fucker got hit a few times Kappa
pikachu is literally perpetually concussed
someone get this poor pokemon in a dark room with no stimulation so their brain can heal
no time for friends when you're concussed smh
why do you need gold?
D: hitmontop a gold digger
THEN WHY YOU DO HAVE TO DO IT???
hitmontop exploiting you for free labor
1/5? we've done like 7
with those guys wanting to mess you up
now waddle back WOW this is wild
I wouldnt do this for a friend OMEGALUL
WHAT KIND OF FRIEND WOULD DO TAHT
someone shit in that torgals cereal
yo how crazy was jokehows run yesterday LMAO matching his PB insanity
All these fake-bleeping friends
It's so fucking funny I was DYING
I was like wot
Tangrowth??? in the haunted zone?
you got a point
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on mountviewers .com
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on mountviewers .com
should at least follow smh
well max dash is good enough :)
thats why we get 2.85k for you
my notes are so good :)
dont go under it
Its need a specific distance to dive bomb
I just recommedn letting them come to you
so just dont move
I myself found my old copy of pokepark and I'm 100%ing it before learning the run and I'm in eternal attraction purgatory :)
flying pokemon are awesome in this game Keepo
rude to burmy NotLikeThis
Just think, you're only like.. half way there. : D
hit lever -> go to ttar -> absol shit
make more friends slowass
wtf this man is 5 minutes behind my pb
why was that so close
waggle warriors dont need arm health
I found my old copy of pokepark wii :)
you know what tha means
Why did they design lopunny like this and expect nothing bad to come of it
I added this earlier cause plup had it lolll
I have join the poking parking discard phanto274Smile
Look at chikorita go
The bean boy bookin it
It's trying its best
time to get the only wr that matters
Magikarp on Empoleon's Snow Slide
honestly suprised they didnt allow magikarp to do every attraction as a joke
he has a lot of them
why cant magikarp do Aqua Dash tho LUL
cause we alrewady have slowpoke
brb learning how to mod pokepark to somehow allow magikarp to do alll attractions
wym I'm perfectly sane
Knives put her traits in akinator and got kokichi from dr3....
I'm scared to see who pops up if I put my traits in
Akinator will just say "Some bitch"
Each time I've dyed my hair I've done more and more red should I just do full red at this point
Yea I'll prolly just go full red at somepoint before doubledown
Maybe after I'll make the fade black instead to go with it
you're right, I have no idea
I've only seen pokepark 2 all friends before lol
that in terms of pokepark friends
vaporeon is the most cool
(that's a lie furret is in this game, sorry vaporeon)
yeah furret's only other appearances than the absol game are hide-and-seek and it can be seen in the meeting place
It do be a long lad
Tropius got a buff00n dumpy
That reminds me knives has not said a single thing in our group chat since I posted a weed mario
failing or hitting play again by accident
this is for LatiasCheck
smh what a bad turn 1
thats not #1 Kappa
Someone in coneys chat didn't know wht a blowjob was and he banned them
TacoGuyy ruined my favorite Water-type
Ohrocks ruined it for me
Why'd you bring me in????
Why'd he bring me in
I've done nothing to you to warrant this curse
look there's been a lot of nights where you made me sit in smash training room for 5 hours
I could've been gaming
I didn't have mods then
Slowpoke is so talented
Coney is teaching me that I should never trust any woman's affection it's a trap
aw hell nah pikachu got the disjointed hitbox
yo the 4k shot
RareChar RareChar RareChar RareChar
Chikorita is so talented
Hey bud, been watching your paper Mario randos on YouTube. Good stuff :)
Ngl that was the length of a wanna become famous and I was about to reactionary ban LOL
The :) saved them LUL
how much longer do we have for this run
Anyways, good luck with closing out the run! I'm gonna go shank the locals (in DBD).
Anyways, good luck with closing out the run! I'm gonna go shank the locals
Nomura said in an interview that he was pickier with sora in smash than disney was and why are people surprised
He didn't know how it would "affect the plot"
so he genuinely does think every time sora shows up it's canon LOL
Kingdom hearts in general is a fucking mess
I remember that fucker from pixelmon
I open twitter and see adhd explaining how ganondorfs nose is better than his dick for sexual purposes and I'm going to leave my computer now I think
"Go for the huge shnozz, the ganon jr looks feral and is underwhelming"
Is hitmonlee a shoto
brb have fun making friends 
make all the friends already
Long stream long stream
It was fun, making some progress on KH3
how youve been buddy tyronLove
I'm busy, but alright
no need to say that
I'm debating on if I wanna stream something
I grabbed tacos and horchata with my cousin, so I was lurking
now do it again
at least you arent playing park 2
I goofed in 8-6 and then died a lot in 404
Let it get to me? I'm just gonna creep, Down in Pumpkin Hill I gotz to find my lost piece.I know that it's here, I sense it in my feet, The great Emerald's power allows me to feel. I can't see a thing but it's around somewhere, I gotta hold my head, I have no fear. It probably seems crazy, crazy, a graveyard theory
guess who just woke up?
Hikari just came in
hiding under some stuff
there is thunder outside
know what's awesome about doing rando with mitzi?
letting her find goombario LUL
question about your tracker
how does it know how to update based on seed number?
did you know the mayor magically wakes up to accept a letter from you and parakarry the first time you talk to him and then passes out again :)
If you have his letter and parakarry out
MOTHER FUCKER WOKE UP AND I WAS SO CONFUESD
yeah mitzi, phantom always does that lmao
mitzi, are your pupper afraid of thunder?
uh we dont get much so I'm not sure tbh
It's like Lan rubbing his face against the wall lol
we had 3 red koopas
OH BABY A TRIPLE
yesterday in another seed I did Posie gave me a pebble out of her tree. Like oh yes. this pebble is so beautiful thank you
Ive been relying on quake hammer for my seed. only costs 1 FP
I understand the rando hype now.
freaking chomps ruining the fun
I like the color of these chomps
AYO the water rock
I converted Mitzi permitWow
watching one of my friends play bn6 casually. He has a beast gate and is slotting in chips. He just used the Bass Gigachip lmao
bro I need the weight I'm suffering
my seed is poopoo
oh, your playing a seed?
super casually like not going fast or nothing lol
I started with kooper
Ive got erryone but sushie
where is the fish dammit
I like doing slow checks
like.. kill goomba king? say less
my dictionary was behind pit
when people give me mushrooms at checks....
a part of my soul dies
KOOPER why did you have Tayce T.'s FRYING PAN
has there ever been a big check beind anti guy?
what were the signs? clintT
anti guy had a coconut for me lets gooo
he really said "I will guard this coconut with my life"
Watt had the WEIGHT
pulse stone was in the library boxes. I almost skipped that phanto274Smile
I literally would have just quit cause I for sure wouldnt of found it lmao
500 points away from another rando seed
yeah when I redeemed the one I was at 55K
which one are you gonna give him axl :3
dont know... he hated the last one OMEGALUL
are you torturing him with bad seeds lmao?
do you wanna try it LUL
I'm still looking for the damn fish
funny how we never found the odd key
oh phantom, yesterday I send mitzi the seed and she booted up a completely different seed LUL
listen I never said I was smart
I get the full Mitzi experience
I wanna hear gamesbot say that quote
also speaking of gamesbot
Ive seen a few games I own, like No More Heroes
oh well I guess you gotta play em fast npw
the bot demands it
I was like level 12ish?
since yesterday seed wasnt used on my rando splits I'm running live splits for 6 hours to add it to my total play time
oh no, found something we will never agree on LUL
so in bn4 all dark chips are null meaning metal soul can charge them for double dmg with max HP dropping
can one shot aquamanOmega with just darklance doing 1800 dmg
people are subtweeting nintendo xenoblade tweets, so hard to avoid it
phantom starts stream just as I wake up lets gooo peepoClap
yo! you streaming under retro too LMAO
mitzi, you need to get around to playing one of these one day
The only megaman I ever played was the one you could kick the can
I wont be here but I'd say the parasol cutscene
I'm acttually about to shower and get ready for work
that child already had a receding hairline
I gotta let the doggos out brb
hope you enjoy the condensed alphabet soup
It hurts so much I cant stick around for this sun-baked hot gargage
also crosses are not shuffled sadly
okay I'm legit sad I cant stick around for this
thas him on my screen
Someone on twitter popped off for me for beating jaemi and I was like "We've had like 30 bracket sets and he's my practice partner"
Idk how people don't know this he's literally the only person I'm with at these events LOL
Also it's like the most even sets possible at this point every time is last game last hit cause like
He's the player I know best at this point
But yea I won a game 3 last hit by running up to him and harding reading an empty jump with waft at 50
TacoGuyy your color reminds me oh a popsicle
Is that a good thing
I opened 7tv and it was on your tab so I saw the emote approval notif lol
Oh yea last night someone was talking about how EWGF in Tekken is an unsafe high risk/reward move but like
The only point of doing electric in tekken
Is to make it +
It doesn't add to combos lol
as long as you have recov10s
People just want any excuse to bitch about kazuya in smash but if you bring up tekken mechanics at least make sure you know how it works...
Komari, I'm counting on you for clips. I'll be leaving in a few axlsenRip
just get null chips and you're good COPIUM
@Axl_Sensei shit, I'm actually gonna do BN5 soon
The retro category exists for older games that dont necessarily have a following? clintT
watching GMD resets Kappa
I use retro to hide from trez
bblstar is pretty cool
Oh so its a way to hide too
little boiler doing work AYO
People on twitter are now saying that Xenoblade and FE are causing us to not get new games people "actually want" :)
what kind of logic is that clintT
It'd be crazy if nintendo like had different studios making different games
That'd be unheard of it's all nintendo :)
People are also saying why don't they just outsource IP's to get new games for things and like
DO THEY NOT LOOK AT WHO MAKES ANYTHING
I wish natsume would make good harvest moon games again clintB
Who needs those when RF is thriving
The OG harvest moon devs stuck to that after the dark age of HM started
It's good you can charge it COPIUM
Game was even called fantasy harvest moon for the first 3 LUL
yo saved 2m lesgoooo
I know. But like... I want harvest moon. not Rune Factory.
phantom, just look at all the fun youre having now
I mean yeah Rune Factory is good. But I'm simple. I dont wanna fight. I just wanna farm
now when the dab patch?
I've mainly liked RF more because I always just feel like the characters get more expanded upon since the stories typically get more fleshed out
Cause the combat is just pretty standard ARPG
Well they COULD have done that with harvest moon I feel. they just chose not to clintB and then RF happened
I am a non violent farmer
Yea the dungeon crawling being your progression I guess could be annoying if you don't want it but the farming dating sim is still def there
I personally ADORE Harvest Moon: Magical Melody
That's the only HM I currently own physically
story progression is important. I'd rather not have to fight to get more story. I think that's my only issue
Thank goodness they got rid of the runey system. I hated that in RF frontier
Oh runeys were just there to pad shit
Frontier was ABSURDLY rushed
That game had a like 1 year dev time
The wii RF games are weird cause you either love them or you hate them
If Tides had farming I'd like it significantly more because it easily has to best ARPG aspects of the series
Frontier was my first RF game. I liked it until I didnt.
okay dipping out for real, GL
My first was 4
Then I played 3 and Raven existed and that's when the series was for me
I played HM for so long before RF I just am a diehard HM fan
I have an unopened 4 copy on my desk
I played A Wondeful Life, Another Wonderful Life, Mineral Town, More Friends in Mineral Town, Magical Melody, and a couple more
talk to mom and enter toilet
I just had breakfast :3 egg and bacon sandwich and some sunny d
I like making screwdrivers with sunny d
sounds like you need to do gregsp to get used to BN6 again
It's a good run
you can say you just forgot a wiggle
there's a good video tutorial for that movement
Neon white is rad as fuck so far
It's the platformer fps that got shown again the other day at whatever
With the devil people
Oop a buff00n character just showed up
Tall, red hair, gonna beat the shit outta me
how the fuck are you not done Kappa
sub 4 colonel axlsenS
naturally you'll blame sky g
I plan on watching in the morning when no one streams
you wanna do this again?
so it'll be a casual gregarious fight
I tried changing the title lmao
we take those W
how did trnarrw go?
prof is too good for us
well sure, it's no hackjack
nothing on the outside smh
I thought you were a gamer
did youbsee what I shared in music?
I can't get used to hearing Axl so often lol
where have you been LUL
It's not something to apologize for
I'm pretty vocal here
true, but when I am here...
chat, he feel for it!
bugs were such a cool concept
OH BABY A DOUBLE
have you been watching komari?
nah don't be a casual
hurry my lunch is about over
I will EAT a Fright Jar if this run doesn't get goombario. I will crack the lid with my teeth and suck out all of that sweet fright juice. Then, I'll insert the jar in my mouth and begin crunching. Once it has been reduced to several sharp chunks, I will unleash it into my unsuspecting stomach. After that, it's up to my doctor.
fuck his first message was a sub I can't ban him for that
Almost a year, thats crazy
I am genuinely considering just speedrunning neon white after I finish it
A game with mechanics I've loved to death and I've yet to even dislike a level
I've never had a movement game this crisp where it actually had levels I liked 100% of the time
The resource management with how fast you go and good times requires precise ass aiming it's just so fun
Cause your weapons are cards you pick up and they have sub abilities that remove the card entirely but help you move faster or break a barrier
Yea the game encourages you to find the optimal paths
And they made multiple ways to do a level
There's also gifts you collect that you can get after getting at least a silver medal on that level that're really fun to get
Most have made me find a way to smuggle my cards around to keep the most amount of abilities I can to reach them
After I 100% the game I'm def gonna at least do IL's for a bit
Yea a lot of the fast strats are very input intensive but also feels and looks very good
Like that last thing I tweeted took an hour of learning those flicks and I still was like a second off the wr
At least the FPS muscle memory helps with the flick part LUL
holy crap a coconut in a COCONUT tree
burn that tree down this instant
Is it a missed sword? MissedASword
I want to get more emotes but I also need money for flights and tournaments
don't buy kooper he's evil
she's holding the turtle hostage
kooper was imprisoned there for public indecency
Kooper was put in prison so I'd believe that
What's the rules for the extreme shuffle?
using your timer for cake LUL
Jesse has to play shuton into dabuz tomorrow lmaooo
But yea other than gameplay Neon white has a cool concept
Jist of the plot is you're dead people who got sent to hell and you're brought to heaven to compete for a chance to stay there for a year by helping them clear out demons
Fuzzy stole koopers money LMAO
I really need to work on my colonel counters axlsenWut
when it goes good tho its such a clean fight
literally gives you a penny to do his job smh
I mean that's probably his own whole salary
Would make sense why he didn't give a shit and lost every letter
I had a really strong gut feeling about that one LOL
D: that pebble is for bowser
The one seed I did I got caught by a slow go trap
I am the only person who would be affected by that
No more Kooper nudes for free you gotta pay now
What would koopers name on OF be
Hey youtube viewers, comment below what you think koopers onlyfans name is
ok now make the title good so I get answers to that question
little flower dude just in the forest playin with they train
sub or die plupGun
click the funny red button
maybe the little bell too if you're feelin goofy
honestly if I want to watch a vod I'll just embed it in discord so no ads
the twitch stream that is
oh course if I'm subbed I'll just watch it on the channel
I watch a lot of people and with how many tourneys I watch it's worth it
Cause FGC majors run on like 15 different twitches at once
xrd bracket I have on the other monitor just got a jam on screen
can things in shops be traps?
am sick in bed
please come end me
I was gonna say... spend 30 coins on a bomb :) I would be big mad
@permitzi I thought that "okay, good" was aimed at me for a sec
you may not like froyo but I would not wish sickness upon you because of that
so the ravens are called kyu-chan, prob named after the sound they make and raphael is called Big Kyu-chan LUL
Man Johnny looks mad annoying to fight but he's so cool to watch
I wanna play it
random question: bn5 colonel makes more sense as the "canonical" version than team Protoman, right
win some, lose some
thats right, if you play protoman you wont know colonel in 6
also falzar is the canon version due to tomahawk having unique lines to say to colonel
Megaman/Lan meet Colonel and Baryl for a cutscene apiece in ProtoMan, that's no where near enough time to recognize Baryl's in BN6 when he talks to Lan/Chaud
Baryl LITERALLY shows up after the final boss and Lan's like, "?
"I'm Baryl" oh okay. cool
who needs the pyramid stones when mario can just be stoned weedMario
Jam is back on my screen and I already want her gone why is she so loud
was megabomb worth getting for LP?
okay this shit made me laugh
mega rush is called "dangerous and powerful" LMAO
goombario been workin out!!
now we get the good cutscene
thanks game... got 3 capped on KP phase 2
just got seed from colorado and notice I forgot the one in forever forest lol
It's an official speedrun strat though
It's time for bloons gaming
I have like 300 hours in 6
he could have sushi up his ass
That's not an autograph that shit is just a graph
merlin is super fan!!!
Ive never done that check cause I always forget it
and I think my body wants me to go to sleep
bro I was legit yawning playing pape tonight
Its not just an axl thing/
you are dying irl this run if this keeps up
you need sushie for bowser castle
I want a money tree
Is that allowed in glitchless?
I was like WAIT what
oh yeah got sub 1:40 random% td
Isnt swimming on water tyronShock
Damn, missed most of the run. Lol
Lucky with the shocks Pog
learned that deflecting shit with my sword gives me a speedboost on top of killing things
Also learned there's a medal past the last one it actually rewards you for so I'm uh getting these now
Didn't even show it existing I didn't know it was there until I grinded that one level with the shotgun lol
So if you see red medals by the level select that means that person is a gamer
Its 12:14 rn wym
My grandma chugged a Baja Blast
she loves it and is literally the only soda she finishes
I don't understand why tho
It's a Rando Randy sNeed
haven't used sNeed in a hot minute
go get a victory Baja Blast
lmao I'm so awkward thank god for joey
1:41:59 was like my pb 4 days ago so I bopped that easily
I was shocked it wasnt like a 1:43
the break made it feel a lot longer than it was
I finally memorized the forest
I saw dodge master
I had Henry sell storeroom key, pretty funny
fp is maybe good
couldn't you just take sushi in tunnels to ch 5?
oh you don't have bombette
That makes sense. Hopefully you get an early ultra stone
never thought of you to be the type to do challenge runs
5fp spiny surge? Oof
so it's a cursed seed
Hows the rando going
Whelp then its not going bad so thats good
make up the rules as we go LUL
And a 1fp power shock? Seed does not want you to use laki
Oh god you're clippying on him? God I love rando
Him being a trap is a mood
Can I as a maybe helpful question?
Did you check the ch5 shop?
I noticed the title and was curious
ahh yes clippy I have no idea how to do your trick
but you look like hell
oh I'm talking the trick XD
not you, you look fine XD
u going to double down right
Hello hello how goes the laki rando?
I was doing some glitchless rubs and was 3 minutes ahead and threw to final again lmao ended 8 seconds red phanto274Smile
Hella good run tho up until that @permitzi
Know! Hello permit7 yeah it was sick until it wasn't lmao
Naw it was like 12 hours ago
when is ir next big tourney
Haha right? I've been sleeping so it has felt even shorter to me
when is port priority
Well that just sounds poorly planned
Could use some work
That's probably the best potato ever
I love that jammin jelly and ultra shrooms are the money makers. I get hype when I see one lol
I had to go to goomba king to get boos portrait in one of my randos permitH
Was not the vibe
Just hit the block monkaS
Hitting blocks can be spooky tho clintCry
My boyfriend is making spaghetti shoosh4Cozy pasta pasta pasta
I'm so hype for spaghetti I don't think you understand phanto274Hype
Salad and sandwiches sound tasty
I also have pasta
Oh I'm gonna make an Ezekiel plushie
With my plushie making skills
Right? When can I order my Ezekiel?
Time to open an Etsy shop Kappa
But for real I actually do like making plushies and have been getting an itch to make paper Mario plushies
I've made a shiny driftloon plushie for my boyfriend. It turned out amazing. So I can def make some paper Mario plushies
Bow would be so easy
do you have a picture of the drifloon
Oo doing the 7 partners would be a sweet collections
Yeah! One sec. I would def wanna make all the partners
I have a shitton of pokemon plushies I needa see this
The 2 things I bought from combo breaker were a controller and a giant ass chikorita
at least its not parakarry wanting to give letters
mine was in the tree you hit four times after junior
I have a picture but no means to share It with you tacoguyy :)
I just woke up
I can do that
That looks so good!
YEAH right? No tutorial or anything
a plushie is a project
that was one of the first plushies I made with no pattern :3
I also made a majoras mask plushie
I might be mass producing ezekiels clintT could be in the works if I get off my lazy butt LUL
you can laki clip through the white wall part I thought clintT
like the same way you clip for fast flood
I think I saw that somewhere lol
yay best guy getting his cake
right best guy not living up to his names T_T
You don't have a based goomba companion to let you see for lantern ghost
I am the worst when it comes to marking things off the tracker. especially keys
lakilester giving you a snuggle
thats literally what it looked like
I wonder where cheeky lil parakarry is
maybe hes in the store phanto274Lurk I always forget to check it after I beat a star
the amount of times ive gone into desperation mode cause I forget to check that place SMH
chapter 1 kinda giving good stuff?
nope the game said THUNDER LUL
ok you saw that too
PerMitzi: nope the g
a 7 coin coupon
I could never leave it
which one is the blue one
oh the best one
thats what it is
they are committing sin
this chapter's a mess
I see you obtained the trophy weight
It's not too late to turn around
there are people who care about you
yeah, I also got up like right away to get ready for bed ahaha
I prob woulda missed it anyway
spear guys are 70%, fuzzies are 75%, spike top 60%
a dink of all time
so that's how you do that
get into the pyramid without raisin' it up
Weed from the Flower Fields? You KNOW that's the good shit!
how is this laki only don't you need other partners for stuff
kooper has a twin
midnight and this fool still ain't done LUL
ain't midnight in his area
goombario only is like the buster only of pape KEKW
glad to see fight was worth
what do you need?
goom on deep nuts
auto corrected goom to derp
from the sounds of it, you don't wanna clear this seed
g9d I hat3 mobile
you have everything for 7?
phantom gets his just desserts
time to dip have fun gamer
I really should play smash before advantage state this time but like I dont wanna play wifi
But I lost because of input fuckups in both sets last time and it's a simple fix ughhh
Why cant bamco just make good online a single time
Instead of playing Smash for Warp Zone, I've been playing Mario Kart for SNS
mega smash laki bowser
laki is fucking dead
what a way for laki to go out
and nobody is sad
GOODBYE, THIS GODAWFUL SEED
lol, got softlocked in TMNT Shredder's Revenge
kazamsCatglubhappy Post kazamsCatglubhappy This kazamsCatglubhappy Cat kazamsCatglubhappy To kazamsCatglubhappy Post kazamsCatglubhappy This kazamsCatglubhappy Cat kazamsCatglubhappy
gl on the runs today
wanna see the ones I've made for him?
he has three emote artists
whomOk whomVwheel whomBall whomSip whomGG whomABall
I also made his channel points annnnddd alllll of his overlays
theres also holiday versions of those emotes
whomSip is my favorite holiday version
It has a mug of hot cocoa with marshmallows and some steam coming off
he normally would stream a lot more in the summer but he got an internship this summer
honestly. this would be how I do snowslide whomDerp
Ive taken and still am on a speedrunning break
the only streams I've done recently are art commissions ones
like the one imma do later
I have a clip of a mawhile that made deathline (the main mod at the time) just sigh and ask how
I never really got bad ma's to be honest
though my last run of any%, a race, I got SO MANY GOLD NUGGYS IN A ROW
It was a race against Rob for his series race, and he joked to say I'm going to get nugs since I was ahead
I got I think 4 or 5 nugs in a row
he felt so bad after the third
after the fifth. I really didn't wanna do the run anymore
and like I dont run with splits
splits give me too much anxiety
my last pb, my splits crashed. I only knew what time I got was because I was in a race with rob and furi and won so they told me
and in said run, I also was fixing whoms poke tracker for series race whomDerp
I really shouldn't have been able to pb
I would have to see
but you can do different colors on the one he uses
as long as you talk to balloon friend
I havent seen many lets go runs to be honest
I know some of the stuff
whats item sliding whomDerp
It depends on which item sliding it is
the one in meadows WASTES time
some of beach does save
this one is hit or miss
I think all item sliding is stupid
but who am I to talk
I refused to do a "faster" route because I'm determined to beat a certain person's time
and also I struggle to double dash
both the speed boost and the game
I'm bad at mario kart
yeah doesn't work for me
many people have tried to teach
It just doesn't work with my brain
whoms tried to teach me the visual cue, especially in person
I just can't gcjDed
I don't need a top time in this game. I've made me mark plently enough
park is just fun to randomly run
park 2 any% not fun. park 2 all friends is apparently where it's at
I was originally offered to be a park 2 mod, but I declined it since I never ran the game
I literally just had this convo with Mr Shasta the other day whomLUL " as a speedrun the first is more fun. as casual, the second is more fun. you dont really need to know nor play the first to understand the second"
the game is fun
If you actually want to know. the ONLY reason I even Speedrun Park 1 in the first place was a bet I had with Cheez. If I did a single run of Park 1, he would play park 2 casually
and cheez had fun playing park 2
I had a similar bet with whom
If I did a single PMD BRT run, he would play my favorite game, Okami, casually
this minigame is a nightmare
you couldve just ended the sentence there
pretty sure everyone does
I've had to redo several pokes before
just be happy you played all friends after it has become what it is today. running the game back when it was called hundo was a lot worse gcjDed
true hundo is a whole other beast
Hundo required every single pokemon in every attraction. that includes your legendaries
meaning you need to 99,999 metagross
and hit nearly every ring for Latias. you could only miss ONE SINGLE RAINBOW RING
I dont remember what I struggled for Latios. but both Latis gave me hella trouble
It's honestly because of me and whom that all friends is what it is
we ran hundo for about 3/4 weeks in a row on fridays
and slowly finding new things that we could remove
there was others. like Cheez, and Rob, and eve. lagging who joined
but it was always me and whom
All friends was the reason I got to affiliate in the first place. whom and cheez would finished before me and then raid me whomLUL
I know most people followed me for park
HA we do art now
when I feel like doing park, I do see an increase of people
I dont stream at all consistent
I take long breaks
I've gone months ope cinder23Oof
my main game is park, I try to learn okami on and off for years but life~
I was going to speedrun a game I backed on Kickstarter but.......i dont like the community
I don't like what they decided to do
they love me even though I cant get a run really going
I'd say if you do really wanna do okami, okami is a.HUGE big hearted community
we even made a second discord called discount okami where it's us friends just hanging out and being goofy
whom never joined the og PSR discord because of a similar reason
I currently have am okami emote to do
hello fellow okami art enjoyer
theres an art event so ive just been lurking
we talking bout dogy?
life has just been in my way
I was going to learn again this summer but I got a ton of commissions and once I finish this last one, I'm closing them down because I'm taking a google certification class
I'm going to be a UX designer
I need to do comms too but I want to get personal stuff done ;-;
I already have my bachelor's of Graphic Design
UX is just the next step up
but makes 20-30k more base pay
and given I'm moving to Cali next year... yeah
I need that 20-30k more
Ive been meaning to do some full landscape pieces this summer, I have a sketch of one for okami
my non artist friends sometimes get tired from me whomLUL
I forgot rotom sounded like that
why doesnt' it just go brrbrbrbr
furret is silly fren
that's a lot more hops than needed whomThink
you can dash onto those and hop up
yeah it's easier that way
you also don't need to hop the last platform for mews. you can just dash across
aka the platform right across mew
but yeah. in granite zone, those platforms you can dash hop. dash to those that are risen and then hop after
honestly just cry for togekiss
whom and I were able to do it as 2p1c
this game is interesting as 2p1c
I lost to steve and terry, def wifi
I think the mu is fine, I actually just got outplayed
whom did D-pad, B button, a button, and -. I did home, +, 1, 2
It's been a hot minute
not as complicated as you think
treehouse movement is dumb
I feel like you would know
Pikachu isnt good at any attra
I'm talking about my bad engrish
Oh lord he comin
that's all I need to know
back after getting a +3 on my stash of Blast
I love hamtaro KPOPheart
why was that the master sword
What should I name this tapu fini
It's now named idk
Better than last time
last time I had to name something burp
I think it wants you to do chapter 2
Yo that star piece
yo this tapu fini
they also have a base 130 fairy move I think comes from the gear thing
but that's not as good
whatever the gear mythical's name is
Oh I have a pure power exploud as well
y'know my team would be really good if mega blastoise didn't get crit
look at this Rando Rand- oh hey is that Fire Mario? kinda based
I like that plup is just running twitch plays pokemon each major he goes to now
My exploud has Lunge, Iron head, Drain punch, and Drill Run
Wash it down with a nice cold malorts
you can if you try hard enough
Dude I said that name to Jibca and he immediately knew what I was talking about
damn I don't think the command is here
Yea he's 25 and gone to like a billion combo breakers
Malort has a special place in my liver
that's the first Ezekiel pasta that's in my storage
I'm sending that to buff00n
so why did buff00n say, "soon"?
I have no fucking clue
he's been at work all day
Oh it's not good. Don't get me wrong
Buff00n said "Ah, a man of culture"
I think buff00n misunderstood the screencap
DUDE THAT'S THE ONLY TIME
JESSE HAS REJECTED ALCOHOL
*insert image of Thanos with the text, "What was he cooking?"*
THAT'S HOW YOU KNOW THAT SHIT ASS
Cheer10 did someone say malort
I got a lurantis
I named it Ol' bacon ass
She likes a retweet like once every other week
hello my friend :D
hey cool your fire mario
my next encounter I'm naming jesse
we'll see if he's shit again
He wants a park run
can't always play the same game if so you will get bored
Top 10 soon tm?
what if you combo close call with Mega Rush?
where's the CDI shopkeeper command when you need it?
what do you mean
the one I made in your channel
Can't hear ya but good luck
Fimsh on the wall
yea you just need goombario
this random leafeon has grassy surge
All 7 of them
why can't normal leafeon have that
Give it grassy glide too
buy the funny badge
Why does hau have a brionne now
he picked a litten at the start
the litten was actually a meloetta tho
He traded his cat for a pop idol
wtf I found a suicune
why is this game giving me all the waters
the suicune has boomburst ok
what are you trying to do?
Ok this encounter is a hitmonchan
Ultra hammer ultra boots sub hour?
I found a toxic spikes tm
and cresselia can learn it
wait how did you get in the temple?
that fright jar will dink
well gl it's soon 5 am so I be heading out cya
It's rando, you agree to the terms/service once you roll the dice
why do you have a Dry Bones for a Kooper
he looks like Dry Bones
why are twitch ads soooo long
I did get wr I beat it by like 0.7 seconds LMAOOO
I'm very happy tho, but hope the stream has been well
Bullet Bill got up in Mario's face
The parody of parody
BN5 killed me aleardy
now it doesn't anymore Sadge
crit jump kick from honchcrow
that honchcrow was headbutt flinch locking my cresselia for 6 turns
It almost died from rocky helmet before I could fucking swing
Plumeria is a bitch tho
why she have that
Small chance ruins has both seeds?
I scream internally. all the time
OLIVIA LED WITH MEGA AERODACTYL
thank god I have parting shot and tanky ass dudes
It has stab rocks too
SHE HAS HO-OH RIGHT AFTER
IT HAS THE Z MOVE
ok now she just has crobat ok this is fine
why is it all fucking flying though my spikes were for shit
Why is she flying only
BITCH WHERE YOUR ROCKS AT
she has a zera
I dont like this
It has parental bond
wait hers doesn't have the ability?
Mine has parental bond lol
has a butterfree to end
I have no nukes left on my team stinko was my last actual damage
now I just have bulk
Sheer Force Diancie I guess is doing well enough though
If it's so easy why did that fight take 2 and a half hours LUL
I have a huge power pyroar in my pc
It can't learn shit though
pyroar is one of those pokemon that I totally forgot existed until literally right now
It is a lame ass pokemon
I forget lovdisc exists
luvdisc is for heartscales only
that got rid of that in Gen 7
alomomomoolol is for terroizing lower tiers of singles
I can't unsee it
Every time I see them I think of jcog saying "What if they had nipples"
I'm trying to think of other pokemon that I forget about, but I couldn't come up with any :)
don't spend it all at one place
@starry_arie every Gen 8 mon ever
Centiskorch is great tho
I don't even remember the starters
oh now I remember them
Rillaboom fucks people a different way
I don't know them by the names
VGC people got PTSD
I tried to forget about inteleon because it's so ugly
not to some people
phantom speaking different language
some people think it looks very good pepeW
His seed wasn't magical Sadge
I still can be sub 3
oh god we're in "let's see what's in the pit" mode?
If you have the weight you could get super duper boots
got a body slam tm and pyroar learned it
It has 1 thing now
no prob! how goes the rando?
I slept for a hell of a long time LUL
I was unconscious yuh popCat
was everybody streaming today or something? I HAVE FOMO you cant just say that FeelsExhaustedMan
Oh yeah. I fell asleep before she finished chapter 4 phanto274Smile I was a sleepy gorl
squirrel and moose bawkGasm
does that mean I'm young? Pog
I never played persona
game is from 1992, damn
I wouldnt know LUL I never played ANY persona
If I could double take with my ears I would
I gotta go pick up food
G BLOODY G, BOWSER
GGs, bad games to adolf hitler from Persona 2
why was the tree shining?
yeah the tree in prologue was shining
still a chance its worth
can you cook before you go back?
how is the run going so far?
10.1k let's go :D
do you know where I can watch pools?
okay doesnt look like anyone is doing pools rn long as a catch the main events
finals are during the pape race. want to enter but not sure anymore
I'm done working sundays so you cant blame me for being excited about that
yeah, If I wanted to race I had to call in lol
yo? this man just try to hit a flying enemy with a hammer?! that is pape 101
Hello! How's the rando going?
Looks like it just got even better with that Mega Rush XD
And hes in the floor
Y'know I was gonna do the usual with pallos but he had a based message
we don't talk about goombario
Slippi is banned from pandas chat and people are mad
Why are you planning on downgrading your hp?
Almost like supporting pirating a game from the company you're working with is bad
"WOO MELEE GOOD NINTENDO BAD" -random twitch chat drone
So if you're at 1 HP you just become an unstoppable force
I was gonna buy and play FEW today but Idk if I particularly want to spend 60 rn
I just muted the # and I'm gonna wait
The power of the wario alt
A lovely chat message from plups chat "@plup can you unblock me on twitter I'm sorry for sending you farmer porn FeelsBadMan "
And yes I am mostly posting this here for the bot to pickup "I'm sorry for sending you farmer porn"
I'm disappointed his chat just hit the Analyze on that instead of copy pasta'ing it
he still has it but now it's at 20
@RuneRavenFP I... Uh... What?
Man just liked some farmer porn and wanted to share it with his fav player
oh no bow has lost her's colours
I missed an interesting conversation while I went to get supper.
tbh thats pretty normal from top smash players chats
what happens if you don't use bow ability?
If you don't have bow mario just stands there
oh that's nice of from the game
That didnt hot the clubba?
Flushed hot clubba's in your area
So gourmet guy just needs some dirty talk to get on with it NOTED
Lemme send that to ohrocks
you don't need it?
oh I didn't hear that last part
this is fine, someone would've said it anyway :)
It's a hot topic
I hope it stops being straight forward, it is pride month afterall
fish goes in the ground
It's what they do
You about to got through the floor are you?
Oh no just land swimming my fav
this is normal fish behavior
swiming on the ground very normal
Damn bro you got the whole squad
Why is bombette the only one without a recolor
So far DBFZ players seem to be having a lot more fun at CEO since they banned labcoat
Games are faster and more team variety
Cause you remember the fucking 5 chars we saw at combo breaker LOL
I just hope this next patch destroys lab coat
That is a genuine problem char cause literally EVERYONE swapped to her in the team comp it wasn't a choice
I'm guessing that there is still a lot of fusions and reg 21
Meanwhile Yonni lost to random hero from minnesota in pools with his broken top tier that needs to be banned tacogu1Sip
Yeah ssj4 can fuzzy you in a game that removed them lol
@RuneRavenFP Wait I just saw this wut
Yea derpdog is a hero/steve player from MN lolll
he's the biggest shitter
I played him once, lost 2 games to steve, then shit on him in a reverse 3-0
How does a bomb kiss you
Yea some chars deserve it
Ult is not at that point
But steve is lame and I want him banned
Nobody dropping mains to play these fucks and they've one like 2 things without Leo lol
But yea I don't see steve ever fully taking over because the best players in the world play the swordies that beat steve lol
Yeah steve kinda gets fucked by the meta
Hes just better gnw
Punish game is stupid but also like that shit is frame perfect I feel like they deserve it if they hit it in bracket even if it's dumb
not the jab stuff tho
that stuff can go
It's snake levels of learning curve for matchup but it's def easier for steve to MU check it
What chars do you got where you are?
Wdym you have 4 bowser jr's why don't you want that
That's something I like about our current PR, the only low tier bitch is lucky
Your CB bracket was actually fucked
That was a jesse bracket
Was it like steve falco?
the 2 worst snake matchups
what do you do
ZSS before nerf was the only MU I was going to counterpick for wario
Its like zss is still top 5 or something
Now I can at least play oos game and poke her better
It would be cool if paper mario had new game plus :3
Even then I will likely try seph if it's bad
oo the best alt for CK
nice cap to save the turn lol
I was gonna stream but Idk if I really wanna rn
Cause the load at work was 6 hours late so I did the whole thing alone while closing
so I'm not alive fully
we be going down the mountain today
block this and I'll gift a sub
STOP THEY ARE CHILDREN
Man let him playyyyyyyy
MARIO SAID FUCK THEM KIDS
HES GETTING WOBBLED IN HIS FAVORITE GAME
I would love a sub :3
If phantom didn't hate children you coulda got one
Yea I knew there was one in that room but I forgot which tree it was vanilla lol
I will get a sub one day
If he gets goombario that is also a sub
I just remembered that tomorrow is gonna suck for the wrong reasons
I don't like "for the wrong reasons" in that sentence
Last ep of love live is tomorrow and I'm dreading LMAO
I need that sub!
one in my life I will let you get goombario
Also I was seeing that one of the upseted players was actually banned
But I think they are both mid
That man has brainwash-I mean convinced me
Is there a way to see where parthners are?
Only if he gave someone the log
Also I play brawler so now so I believe him more
And by play I mean conuterpick him on yoshis
My yoshis char is falco
No just in general
Falco genuinely plays the game better on yoshis besides the plats so it works better than most peoples marios
I use brawler against zss because he does better than rosa and incin\
I don't mind it but my practice partner is falco so
I'm happy that lylat is legal at the panda cup
In my game 5 set with zubat on wednesday (current 6th for the state) we just didn't ban and stayed ps2 and it saved so much fucking time
Cause it was sheik wario neither of us really wanted to go anywhere else
I'm getting more accustomed to just going ps2 for every set
It just feels right
Unless they dont ban yosh's
Jaemi doesn't start PS2 because I've won literally 90% of our bracket games on it
Thats a cute plant
Yes I mean lilly
And he usually bans it in the regular bans
Oh I didnt know that
If it's 2 bans he just removes SV and he has never let me go to kalos a single time in my life
Dude the sonic player keeps letting me go to kalos
and I am very fine with it
Wario literally never fucking dies in that MU on that stage
and I just wait for waft
goml's stagelist is so good
come on goombario where are you
What if lacky is in your chosen partner when that cutscene activates
DoubleDown is doing crewbattles between NA, Mexico, EU, and JP
How hard will mexico win
I think NA gets last, EU is weaker but NA has sucked in literally every damn crewbattle ever
and game over for him
To the point of TK being an advocate for stopping NA being the main crewbattle candidate lolll
where to next phantom?
Did buff00n dm you about mwsf btw
He's thinking about driving up
He's figuring out work rn but he wants to
so I'm gonna wait to pay you for the room until we know if he's coming lol
cause that like cuts a bit out
I already have dibs on the couch/chair thing so I'm fine
The nice thing if he does tho
We'll have a car
And there is portillos up there
we could also hit the friday local if the game schedule allows depending on what you and glenn get
I'm surprised with how many double ups they gave players
list of the games?
I have a link 1 sec
wait that's a page
Like I'll gladly not have to play WW but surprised they didn't accept a zelda and accepted those lol
Neopets is gonna be lit
how are they doing amy in sonic mania?
I love 2D sonic, I'm playing it right now LUL
well gl I will go play with a friend
they did this same shit with sonic 06
Frontiers is gonna be ASS
the only good game sonic was in was smash ultimate LUL
he killed a master hand in subspace that was rad
I picked a time to tune in
oh buff00n I mentioned your maybe coming to midwestspeedfest
just let us know as soon as you can about if work lets you or not
I'll send that thread to you one sec
they fixed colors so I feel like this will get fixed eventually
It's the last thing phantom sent me so I have it right there lol
Sega continues to rush Sonic out the door despite DECADES of evidence saying they shouldn't
open source game engine LUL
that's the only aspect of sonics speed they understand
So a joker player in MN said steve was so easy to win with that a baby could do it and now he's playing steve today
and he losing to 0-2 metaknight
at least fans will patch the PC version
Oop he swapped to joker
I played him a few weeks ago
I shit on him very badly
Considering how much positive buzz is around Sonic due to the movies, it's incredible how quickly Sega's moving to stomp out all that goodwill
I hit a raw fsmash just because I understood
TWO fx badges? blessed seed phanto274Bless
His joker got 2 stocked
Also was informed this is the same MK player from "the incident"
I need to find this clip it's very important
god who fucking posted the clip I dont remember
where was pulse stone?
smash pools are over, pandacup had them
what does repel gel taste like?
at least he tips, I guess
I can't figure out who posted the clip
they didn't name drop in the tweet itself either so searching is a pain
It'd MK, was it Bear?
did you say "taste like dicks?" Kappa
you know damn well I don't keep up with Smash shit
also, it's "MK", that means either "Mario Kart" or "Mortal Kombat" in my noggin
Phantom, tell TacoGuyy to stop being mean to me
Grown ass man can't handle me shittalking him
Took 100 bucks from him with falco he hasn't recovered
I got mitzi to agree to coach/backseat for my first glitchless run. Just have to find a date LUL
Ok I found the clip of the incident but it's an edited repost
gonna be so much fun
I'll dm it to you for after stream, that's the MK that the joker lost to LUL
what ETA for the marathon run?
ooo apologyman made it to top 96 at ceo with faust
The char is actually a character now
Scarecrow actually functions as a teleport mix option now like door did
that jump is so ridiculous that it works lol
Scarecrow prc throw is absurdly hard to deal with
I'm glad I'm millia and just fly away
I think I saw you do laki jump with it too right?
oh that clippy thing?
Oh now it's time to watch pplant megaman
yeah there's things I feel like I'm not at skill level yet, that's definitely one of them LUL
MAKE SURE HE'S REAL
before I rng gift who want
speak now or forever not be able to phanto274Mash
@Axl_Sensei I don't think so lemme just get to 40 lol
If I'm already at 39 why not
oh yo gift sub? phanto274Hype
Its hard for me to just lurk in here lol
was watching a casual TTYD stream and got a notif
Goombario has blessed you
Haha took numer one slot for axl
nice. goombario did something useful
I don't appreciate the goombario diss but yw
goombario is beautiful and perfect
just ignore the flaws
how/why the fuck did I get a Switch friend request through Sonic Origins????
why is megaman dair +1
why does he get that
we'll get some info
goombario tips 'n' tricks
that's not in the goombario prima strategy guide
only 34? you coudl do better gamer
yay you found goombario
34 is bowsers favorite number after he got that funny pink crown
Taco where is the sub
I called for it earlier
nobody spoke up so it got rng gifted
I should haved stayed
are you ending after this?
Haha taco is too kind it's my first time here plus I never ask for stuff
oop lucky took a game off yati
I can stay mot tierd and would love see more :D
Idk how that matchup is doable but rad
should've used a pebble
that's a you problem, not my fault you can't plan items smh
what if you did pokepark
what's the spreadsheet command again
I have to wait for glundo to get on the spreadsheet to burn the big points anyhow
Why taco I would see another pm :c
I'm glundo posting the frame you get that on the rewards
your thing is done
do the berry pikachu
I did a better job
Made to Carnival Night in Origins
shutting off my Switch in disgust
PokePark title theme catJAM
@buff00n look at the retweet
I didn't even notice the bot
I'm going to keep doing that I think
This opening also has chikorita so
wish mew was my pokemon
fine then I take mewtwo
Thunderbolt? Can you run out of PP?
so what is the main goal of the game?
sound's nice for the pokemon's
phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
how dare you tackel a pokekid
I have two mewtwo and riolu
but if I have to choose one it's riolu
I'm HERE FOR A POKEPARK STREAM PogChamp
Yeah I tied WR last night so I'm trying to break the tie LUL
But hows your stream been?
Yeah idk if they're gonna compare miliseconds so
I'm think I'll just save up for VIP LUL
So what were you doing before this?
Oh yeah quick side thing, have you thought stuff you've wanted to test for dog island... I'm making a list of stuff to try whenever I go back to the game
Yeah I've been think about some ideas. Also maybe testing things on PS2 since I have that on emu
Yeah the conditionals for the game seem pretty strict
There's no way to tell them apart expect talking LMAOOO
Oh yeah have you ever like experienced lag on any version of dog island?
Wow that's nuts LUL
Wait when does timer for dog island usually start?
Oh that changed too? Interesting
I knew about the ending
but not the starting one
I am so sad
are the loads different on each version or not really?
I had to leave a stray cat alone on my walk and I might have started balling lol
I wonder what they would be if you like did USB loader thru homebrew
I'm gonna go back for him tomorrow morning
probably not allowed tho
Ok good to know
I've been thinking about it, I was talking about stuff with a viewer and got me interested again
I hated that chase as a kid
I'm gonna head out now gl with the run
huff is a rager
yeah ima do a lot
do you have enough timesave here to pb?
Electrode already shaves off half
Oh wait you are in granite nvm lol
don't talk to electrode
Yeah you can kinda just buffer every input
hey corsay guess what
that isnt the game you are playing wym
NOW you are understanding yhe struggle
Yeah the movement has been pretty solid it definitely wouldve golded
Youll be saving a good like 20 secs all around though when you get consistent at double dash
Your mashing and menuing is getting really good
Random question real quick
do you know the language versions in dog island
I'm just looking thru some files and I'm finding interesting things
There are appearently six different languages
but whats weird is I got these files from NTSC
also there are two files called home button?
there is french, german, italian, netherlands, and spain
Yeah thats what I'm just doing lol
phantom rq its 15 friends out of meadow right
yeah I'm counting autos
yeah I'm preparing notes and learning the route over time
real men throw on mew chase for the catJAM
MEWMEWMEW MEWMEWMEW MEWMEWMEW MEWMEWMEW
tyranitar can be hit with tbolt?
this entire time I thought he was immune
when he says 'mew' I felt that
theres no mewthree only mewbased
Yay pm rando :D
okay I have a problem
so I bought a GDQ shirt today, then I went to check the mail and forgot I already bought it KEKW
NICE FAKE ULTRA STONE LUL
wait that emote is so good
I'm gonna fall into a food coma soon
take me with you
I want it phanto274Bless phanto274BLANKIES
YO ive been up since like 4 am. I might be on a sorta normal sleep schedule now
everyone in phantoms chat MUST be subbed
just a couple days more and I'll go full cycle back to normal sleep scedule
cats4eWiggle cats has some really cute ones
tho I do sleep for like 13 hours a day
It's really a toss up
hi it's been awhile
cats4eWiggle Axl has allowed me to wiggle now
cool emote wish I could use it
Mitzi is my wiggle buddy cats4eWiggle
coincidentally I am also doing a Rando Randy sNeed in Pok'mon Platinum... just need to figure out how I want the catch rate to be
ok I'm gonna go be horizontal now. For how long? I have no idea but I shall be a lurkin Bedge
oh phantom, there were 2 people to race on sunday. I was waiting on more to join but no one else joined and the 2 dropped out so I watched CEO instead KEKW
what was that sparkling thing
Ive got the previous week's seed and one from mitzi, just need to find time for them
Its getting ready to rain so its nice and cool outside so took pupper on 2 laps around my community
what timezone are you?
I never done a randomizer before
I used to have super pape, enjoyed it but got bored replaying it. Just found a $15 copy on ebay. Asking seller for pics of the disc.
Its the only pape game I dont own
cats running it has me curious again
first day on new job I had enough downtime to watch all of castlevania advance lol
Ive never played a cv
poor komari, begging everyone to do commentary LMAO
was it meme worthy?
komari over here doing gods work
My starter choices are Scizor, Golduck, or Feebas
you know, I wouldnt be surprised if we did have a big direct planned then after all the leaks nintendos like "fuck this! Have a partner showcase you plebs"
Feebas would be pretty funny as a first nuzlocke choice
I love that I'm off on nights so I can watch streams like yours and cats rn
It was only for 9 months so it wasnt for that long
nah, it was 8am - done KEKW
Next Jan will be 10 years since I made my twitch account lol
first 3 people I followed was terra, ero, and kilios
ero went by method1cal, but dont tell anyone I told you that fifiBad
back when he ran bn4 LMAO
yeah, actually the teambn marathons would raise for charity. Protodude tweeted out the event and thats how I found everyone.
thats also how I found twitch
I wish I had repel gel irl to repel all the haters.
Does Repel gel work on bad RNG?
It technically would considering that you avoid the bad stuff but not the slow stuff
did you watch links awakening?
there were several points where both streams were damn mirrors
I was doing other stuff too so wasnt as focused on it as I'd like
joke was too funny not to cliip
and the secret of dry dry ruin's will be a secret
I just saw this comment in rando discord
your tracker updates automatically to highlight what checks are available!?!?!?
mario just walking underground don't mind me
Just need the tts to say that
I had ENOUGH after month 1
can't wait for 69 months
when I got money I will get sub or just wait til I get gifted
drink a baja blast
would be fun if you could use the pan as a weapon
baby seed 1fp megabomb
hey taco he has your fav parther goombario
What was he cooking?
I'm glad you thought the same thing ohrocks
thanos appeared in my head
what was buff00n cooking?
I just like that like
He never said anything else there
He just decided "oh well"
Taco want to learn feint attack?
If I have something to remove do it
you have Bullet Punch, Leer, Focus Energy, and Quick Attack
No move rando? tacogu1Bruh
I have TMs and Tutors rando'd as well as move learn pools.
If you failed that minigame it would've made my sub a whole 19 months too many
When I say "good luck" what I'm actually saying is, Hey, I hope you enjoy my streams and give me a follow and maybe even sub ProgChamp
@RuneRavenFP what does the catch rate setting do?
normalizes catch rates across the board
So legendaries aren't a 2%
I always run it on mid so I don't lose my fucking sanity
Cause then legendaries would just become a lost encounter
And with rando, anything can die somehow so I don't care if it's easy to get shit lol
okay cause I'm still thinking about what it did
but you hate poekmon randos
That's why I have my masochist settings
And also do it sparingly
Cause I'm just playing through the same game except it wants to murder me
how do you know it wont be fun a second time Kappa
Although with pokemon no matter what game I play with or without rando will overall be the same videogame lol
I never did get around to watch that vod
At least Rando makes me feel fear
I was about to start it but mitzi went live. Live content always beats vods
how fast will phantom do this boss
alright first encounter is a nincada
will battle network be in the direct tomorrow?
watch them have a megaman skin in monster hunter and you have to pay up LMAO
wait if I get shedninja from Nincada would that be considered a new encounter or a freebie?
Bass in mon hun would be cool tho
Is 100 pit a legit thing or is it just a meme run at this point?
If I ever do pit I'm titling my stream "I hate myself" that goes for golden pigs too
also work approved my time off for mwsf glennj5VIBE
bot spewing garbo rn
yo, I just heard from a leaker that GTA6 will be in the direct Kappa
I'm ready for people to be mad about the direct
What time even is it on wednesday
yea I'm not waking up for it
I will watch it after
I mean the YT video will have timestamps in comments
So I will just look at that
It never was stickshamGaslight
that's like the first time glenn has done that
I'm proud of him
glennj5VIBE glennj5VIBE glennj5VIBE glennj5VIBE glennj5VIBE
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!!!!
yeah cause you got banned lmao
this is why I say I need repel gel
They were really into the story he was telling them.
Paper Mario: ace attorney
It's been a while since I typed that emote
should've grabbed that Mystery smh
omg ubisoft leaked a release date for their own game LUL
Mario + Rabbids, I'm excited for it
we still havent seen any game play yet
If ubisoft is publishing it like last time I wonder if itll be in the partner direct
glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS glennj5HYPERS
that star piece is more special than you think
It came from gourmet guy
thinking about M+R has me thinking about a Splatoon Xcom
I'm gonna start getting ready for bed, thanks for the stream. Wanna get sleep schedule on track
yeah its gonna take some time lol
do the yoshI's deserve to be saved?
JYankee's Nincada has almost died 3 times to poison to wild pokemon
he wanted it named Sir Brapington
I'll never understand the mind of one named the JYankee
Plant is also a cherubi that will be a cherrim
"worst sNeed" has 1 FP Mega Bomb
today I learned that nincada is ground part
I didn't notice since I'm speeding up my grinding
Oof missed the run again! FeelsBadMan
we love a gamba
he just saved you from 3 caps
sub 3:20 still seems nutty for that seed
Alright, now do another one Kappa
7 hour run? woof
he is simply too cool for your chat window
you cannot handle his raw rad energy
I literally have not looked at or touched this game since it came out
this is gonna be some nostalgia
Give us park 3
Just give me a park game with shuckle
How long is park 2 all friends
I figure it'd be shorter cause less waggle
Maybe I'd join that depending when you did it
LOL just running right past the berry
this is gonna be good
fuck your blood money, chatot
going left cause you ain't treatin me right
"Del taco" thank you captions
captions are so good
I'm so glad panda cup had captions
Like it's just nice to have and also very funny sometimes
according to the captions: "Captions on Twitter so good."
I need to add them but I like keep forgetting to because I dont stream
The art is good
I had no idea you could post in that channel but I approve
Oh wait megaman isn't coming until next year lol
Nintendo just tweeted "next year"
I didn't watch the thing so I have no idea of dates LUL
Only saw the end from coney
So I saw the 'not rune factory'
643 sounds like a very irritating motion input
I hate 64 inputs
I'm glad I don't play any chars with them in anything
There's a few in blazblue that have them so I just refuse to play those chars
I mean like 646's and things like that
yea just back and forth inputs
Charge I hate but I can get over
just find them 4Head
If only you used my magnificent notes that have never been wrong
If there is loading screens I am always fiddling with something
I just fiddle with shit very quickly so I did it with windwaker constantly loll
there is only one game I can think of with a 753 input
There's a char in arcana heart that makes you draw a star and you have to do the directions perfectly for it
I should prolly like warmup smash at all today
I guess I should just play park or ttyd according to the bot fuck smash
But like I've gotten good enough results where to good people want to practice with me now
So it's actually fun before bracket
how is it going
PhantomGamesBot: If you haven't already done so, click the follow button! Every follower is greatly appreciated! There are no follow alerts, so if you want to just lurk, there's no need to worry about your name showing up on stream.
Starry_Arie: PhantomGamesBot: If you haven't already done so, click the follow button! Every follower is greatly appreciated! There are no follow alerts, so if you want to just lurk, there's no need to worry about your name showing up on stream.
go on the right of the bridge
If youarent dead middle you should be able to avoid it
grass type go brr
just use iron tail
I see people complaining the exe collection is just a pile of rooms, but to me it's still more effort than 3d all stars LUL
the art is neat
Galaxy was done very well I wish sunshine also was
I have complete works art book and music is on Spotify but cool to have I guess
the emulation bugs made it optimal for a little bit lolll
Cause it had the goop clearing bug where you didn't actually have to clear the *** on the hotel
That's how I feel about WW on switch if that ever happens
oh of course not
gyro controller go brr
switch WW at worst will patch out ESS bugs and at best will just have no cutscene skips and be 10 minutes slower in every cat
worse map and item ui tho
wii u ui goated
nothing beats a whole nother screen
yeah I totally feel that. since I got my everdrive switch online was never an option
phantom when we doing odyssey hide and seek
also with raphnet I can remap my buttons, something nintendo won't let us do
has it gone up or down in your eyes after enduring the speedrun?
sup nerd, how are you?
he is a nerd truuu
the only reason I'd play the bn collection is for ps trophies
@Glennjaamin all speedrunners are nerds, I'd know I am one
think that would be fun
what you run then counter nerd
love me some ps trophies
Octodad and Let's Tap, mostly
I'm assuming you've never heard of Let's Tap
If I google it I will
pokemon let's tap eevee LUL
It's a wii game controlled by cardboard box
Let's Tap is a video game developed by Yuji Naka's studio Prope and published by Sega for the Wii console. Along with Let's Catch, Let's Tap was the first game from Prope to be announced. Owners of Let's Tap can unlock content in Let's Catch. The game was later released as five individual applications for iOS.
@Axl_Sensei *insert vaporeon pasta here*
I found you through Speedromizer, you've probably heard of me talking about it there
I should do speedromizer but ugh
pls don't poison phantoms pure chat
links awakening was ROUGH last time
It deserves meme status, I just wish more than 6 people were in on the joke
you couldve just bopped em in
you heccin tbolted wym
why mash when you can tap fifiBad
speedrun is rough, game is fun but without breaks it's painful after a bit
me after my 2nd mario ddr run in a day
I gotta see what switch games I can do with the ddr pad tbh
A B and Z fourthgenKEK
I can always remap too
why can joker do fair 1 > fair 1 > fair 1 > arsene dair from a ps2 plat and murder someone at mid%
nah I got some booky hand me down
beat up on corphish, all of them are now your friends
can we do some pm rando today?
wtf is joker fair
I can do fair 1 > fair 1 > fair 1 > fair 1> dsmash at 60
and you can't DI the landing ones
Jaemi is playing joker now with falco and I don't like it
Leo was playing joker with gluto last week and it gave me hope
Then he did a corrin run the weekend after
remember kids - if you want to make friends, beat them up!
It's ok, all corphish are your friends
"I want you to prove the message is from Blazakin!" "alright, how should I do that?" "win a race"
wait, even worse - "convince someone else to win a race"
...how does he slide? Shouldn't he either hover or roll?
random, but I really think Splash should be able to 1 hit KO with like a 5% hit chance - Magikarp is capable of jumping a mountain, so he just hit the opponent with that jump
all the other 1 hit moves are at 30% anyways, so it's extra useless
just not "do nothing" useless anymore
z splash was +3 attack, closest thing to useful it got
"He's using extreme speed!" "What's extreme speed?" "it's when his speed goes to the extreme!"
did he say his "mime cart"?
It's not : )
I was trying to put a smile in text format but I got that instead
mod the game so whenever pikachu bonks someone he just shouts "EY I'M WALKIN 'ERE"
that would be illegal, but hilarious
how did Magnemite get themselves stuck in box? what a bozo.
Park community vote to legalize the newyorker pikachu mod
ok time to pack up for advantage state gl
Get that W Taco!
I'm getting better than 7th this time just watch
we gonna get that PR win
otherwise you won't be getting on the W wheel
the question is, how did Snorlax not notice?
you'd think it would be poking him in the back
so the dance pad "works"
and by works means it always holds down right and b while plugged in
even I don't have the patience for this
on gc its fine but it no likes switch
I have the wr for park 2 yeah
but do you really
lol looking forward to it
all friends is the superios category
Nah it's pretty free on all of them
lemme just remind you rq
phanpy gonna be the grainte zone runback Kappa
Hope you're fine with some rng though, if you're gonna run park 2 AF
phantom past the point of worrying about rng by now
Well that's good then lol
There's only really one thing that I find annoying at this point which is the melody box
You don't get that many opportunities to pick one up during the run and if you have some bad luck it can cost you a stupid amount of time
thats fair. ive also been busy with life stuff and such so ive havent even touched it in weeks sadly
thats good at least
BRB making a rando vid
Ive got my vods saved, might as well throw'em up
Buy followers, primes and viewers on mystrm .store
I never really did a Pikmin run, should probably do that soon
I just gotta learn some stuff about the last area
that's so dank I love it
aw, this minigame hates you too
I could probably do 7 days in pikmin now that I think about it
which is like top 10 for wii lol
It's just that one gate in forest of hope that is awful
It's submerged in water and you have to do it without blue pikmin, which means throwing bombrocks at a really specific spot
pokemon getting in the way is the funniest shit
pfft ok that's funny
"defeating me will not be easy" says the farfetch'd
man I love when you get to fight next to hydreigon in park 2
He's always angry which means he'll attack the pokemon you're attacking as well
or you if you're particularly unlicky
Granite Zone here we come kaybee9Pog
What was the chance of this again?
Ahh yes, Gamblers Falacy
on the money man
didn't whom have to reset once cause he got 4 gold nuggets in a row or something lmao
I gotta find the clip I'm thinking of
pape gless or rando?
I mean, with park 1 you couldn't glitch the game if you tried
I do hope they make a Pok'park for Switch sometime, One can dream atleast... I feel like having two joycons could open up more attractions aswell instead of just a single Wii Remote
Or I guess there is that possible Snorlax skip but idk what happened to that
Apparently there is a very small area where the wall isn't completely connected and someone alledgedly managed to squeeze through with a turnaround thunderbolt in the air
@Chr33T what section you chatting about?
I'll have to check with Brady on that one cause I believe he knows the guy
It's nice that you always know where people are hiding in park 2
there are 3 different spots but they will literally tell you where it is
skuntank got fucked LOL
oh wow I found a clip of Wh0m seeing a pikaclip for the first time lmao, didn't know there was one
I'm glad it's actually useful in all friends, it makes it so much more fun
Oh yeah, that happens a lot
especially unawarehouse is just awful
and windmill way too kinda, cause for some reason when whimsicott is happy she starts beating you up
Unfortunate you don't have a Tepig in this game for this smh
Snivy for doing almost everything else
I like the play "play elite smash" redeem
I'd say that's a fair price
I can't with the movement in this game, Pikachu just can't turn at all
I have previously likened him to a crossatlantic steamboat
Gliscor just stalling the timer, As per usual
I don't like any of the fights in general, you might see why I don't run this game
Yeah I don't get how Zach can play any%
He just has Gigachad energy I suppose
Wii Safety Strap the meta?
Then you can pull full 360' rotations during Bulbasaur and Dusknoir
attempting all friends already?
I just got home from work
my brain is gone
I see you tried the dash hop now
dash hop dash hop dash hop
let's see if run blessed
pz. give us your blessing
what a perfect time for the stream to bluff
max dash is something
It's actually why I can't do runs right after each other
the speed throws me off
double dash is the same speed
If you said anything to me in the last couple minutes, I didn't hear it I got a phone call
honestly. I hate flys chase the most
park has really wild invisible walls
this was the worst in true hundo
whom was so annoyed at Lucario during true hundo
as well as nearly everyone else but whom got it worse
but as long as it beats cheezs
oh I meant Cheez's any%
cheez actually has a faster all friends than me I think
piplup would get wr ez with that speed
alright. I got google class to do
Cavern zone is crazy fast if you get bastiodon bonuses done consistently
messing up even one high point hit loses like 6 secs
also what made you want to do another all friends lol
I dont know if a run like this is marathon worthy
just 2 hand that bad boi
ninetails so fast wtf
I'm telling yhou 2 hands is going to be easier
how tf do you shake and press 2 with one hand
you are the only person ik who uses 1 hand
that pokemon looks familiar
you dont need to shake fast at all in the attraction
makes pressing 2 easier
I would never 1 hand absol's attraction
go at a more brisk pace
hiiii holy crap that's a long run
I mean I do watch AO runs when I can, they are fun to watch
AO = alpha omega
^so if I click the follow button, I unfollow....I don't think the bot wants that
there all alternate time-lines
dont get me started on modern warriors games please I beg you
hell yeah, sounds like a good time
yup! it was good!
my brother came up for my birthday today and apparently he's here so I was like "oh I gotta go" LUL
ty! gonna do a lil lurk while we eat haha brb
dont you love it
this ones got the best music so far
handling your wii with 2 hands Flushed
at work. tryin to lurk
audio only, screen off
did parakarry hit a smoke with Mario?
buff00n can't see me
what's the warehouse key unlock again?
do me a favor, if TacoGuyy speaks up, call him a bitch for me
advantage state was run so poorly last night
Hello! gl on the rando spaget3Wave
I waited over an hour for my r2 because they decided to add more people after the cap mid bracket
and I had to play on multiple tv's
whats that blue star?
happy heart could save your life
enough letters for parakarry (FAKE)
what a bizarre sNeed
I will get everyone to say sNeed over seed
I'm playing fox again
this char is not ok
no character is ok
cause they're not goombario
My back airs are killing I can't believe light lied to me
Is the randomizer even more random
1 HP is good though
gdqLemons gdqLemons gdqLemons gdqLemons gdqLemons
@Ohrocks glennj5CRY glennj5CRY glennj5CRY phanto274Bless
I will now prosNeed to make food and freeze Baja Blast cause I hungy
I need to send you how this last game with jaemi ended LOL
My chair is terrible but if I buy one I want a comfy one
and they're fucking expensive
Mine is from someones curb
ok recording this replay brb quick cause don't want the audio to bleed into it
Ok so if I just disable preview I guess obs doesn't blue screen when I close it?
I'm too lazy to switch back to streamlabs so hopefully this is consistent lol
mine crashes even with preview disabled :/
worth a shot for sures
Sent you the clip, it's like 5 seconds
Even Kels is doomer about sonic frontiers
She literally called sonic her older brother on his anniv if anyone would have hope for this game it's her
What's up with the updates?
Is a ghost party member not useable in battle?
one day my LP skip will be that fast
boss is what, 22/24 and then 4 16s?
you get xp from the bills on the cannon fight yeah?
Tuned into the xseed stream and holy shit
RF5 looks really good when it's actually running
so what are the new updates
I assume you can if usable partners before you have them is enabled
because that's an option
the blast isn't frozen yet unfortunately
If you find goombario on the floor during MWSF you're leaving him there right?
how cool is it that we're getting a battle network collection!
I've only played the first and second one, so I'm excited to play through the rest
wow I've played 1 like 5 times lmao
I like it gerbieRip
But I also dont know any better cuz havent played the rest
dang I didnt even know they were on wiiu
You wouldn't BELIEVE where I had to check this seed
Gotta seed it to believe it
red arrow pointing to magic seed
I'm turning on the wii u
I'm gonna PB after not turning this console on for 4+ months
I'm starting as soon as this vhs watching stream I have up ends
Debating on just not using the twitch category though
Cause it gets views but like I don't want those views
Is it faster to do the climb back down or homeward since it's in the sewer
are the seeds the only things you're still missing
does a fortress key unlock any checks
ok my only warmup is 3 tricks
and I did them all first try
That's honestly why I like don't really wanna fully quit despite not wanting to be around the community
Like I put too much time in and got good at this run I don't want to just throw it away fully
wait I should do greatfish swim before I actually do anything
I got it first try I hate it here
It's harder outside of the segment too because the cycle is consistent after the cutscene
ok time to go shit quick then I'll play a shit game
do you have P-up on?
In the most backwards way
25% chance to not heal 0% of the time
Bear's gonna kick me out so he can stream within the hour
you like funny stuff right?
was playing bn5 mashing select to skip cutscene and did a soft reset
I just finished drill2
that was annoying so I came here lol
did you make that
I never beat this game lmao
I never beat it either
and forgor what to do
I'm talented I know
mitzi are you a pikachu or eevee fan?
looks like you need to practice KEKW
I swear by single joy con
no worse than trnarrw
I love resetting 20 minutes in
Pikachu being viable? unheard of
this isnt battle network you dont have to rub your face against the wall LUL
Xbox 360 was peak controller
did xbox ever have notches?
playstation didn't have them either
FUCK that 360 dpad
what the N icon on the top of your screen?
there was only one model of 360 controller that had a switchable Dpad
we're talking an entire console that died cause you made the decision to buy the damn thing
you can have 360 Dpad or a normal Dpad
next to the switch battery percentage
them having an intentionally fucked up stick doesn't surprise me
I thought that was an N
never seen that on my switch before
hey at least you can abuse that 360 controller and nothing would happen
an Xbox One controller can't even take an inch of floor drop-age
I'm sad there were never any Baja Blast controllers
someone started a fight with me over twitter saying the series controllers are better than dual sense. Told him to go touch grass LUL
Series Controller is a Xbox One controller but with 360 Dpad again
Its bad cause a and b are swapped
there have been times where I thought of getting a series S then I remember I dont like xbox controllers
Dual Sense is honestly silly to me cause Sony just said, "yeah people won't complain about this control change and force everyone to use this"
bonk this rat for not having good Sp. Attack
eating a fruit by the foot and remembered when dk64 came out they printed tips on the labels
you needed all the tips for that game lol
I was that kid who rolled up the fruit strip into a ball then ate it all
at school we each had a notebook and we copied each others tips KEKW
Taco retweeted a cool Wario fact
smash ultimate has 1068 songs and not a single one is from wario land
Wario Land doesn't exist anymore
everything is hand drawn
It was a pain in the ass for the studio who drew literally everything in the game, but it was pretty af
good feel hasnt done any nintendo stuff since crafted world
wooly world to crafted world felt quick
retro is just a back up studio
welcome to mt moon
official playstation tweeted about battle network... what is this timeline?!
yeah, its just wild to me
based off the text font, I'm assuming it's gonna be re-translated
that text on the trailer is just an overlay, its not part of the game
will they really re-release BN4 as that trainwreck of the translation it originally was
Its just a bunch of casuals talking
the extra bn5 content is on DS
I'd hope we would considering this thing's not releasing until 2023
I'm cool with less comps to explore
the games are filled with content already
can I at LEAST do local netbattles
guess I'm not getting it
I hope it doesnt have online, it would be hard to find people to trade with on PS
Its not the bare minimum, they are adding a filter Kappa
but damn, HUGE missed opportunity if it's treated like virtual console releases
someone went to AX cosplaying as the "Blue Eyes White Drag Queen" LMFAO
no drag like an okama
Its like everyone forgot about pape races lol
It's ok axl if everyone stops doing randos we can just co op one every sunday or race eachother instead
I feel like there is a lot of rng with pokemon runs
hey streamer, wanna trade pokemon?
one time ryan brought that up so I came in it your stream "hey streamer, wanna trade battle chips?" KEKW
I havent watched in a hot minute
Ive played 3 scenarios was fun but thats all ive done
whats your favorite spin off pokemon game?
first one that comes to find for me is pokken DX
It has quite a bit of polish which is weird for pokemon
I didnt really like conquest
yeah, never finished it
I liked it more than mystery dungeon. MD is just not for me I have tried
I tried the first one and the switch demo fat nope
then theres rumble LUL
I dont like open world either, played botw for 40 hours and felt ive seen everything it has
but I can get behind xenoblade
"tango supports bn1" then mars replies, "but it shouldnt" KEKW
this is a the game where you can have 10 hero swords in your folder
@Axl_Sensei then they decided that you can have 4 full customs in a folder for BN2
you can have 5 assuming you can find them
alo I find it funny
"fullcust? no one will use this!! Make its reg 10 mb"
bn3 they made it a megachip with 50mb
*splatters 200 bugs with their car, blood and guts everywhere* Local North Dakota resident: Did you hit a deer? "I speedrun Hollow Knight"
once I get some extra funds I wanna commission aixi to do a bn piece for me. a 4 piece of acdc town in a diamond shape when put togther
Its okay, google doesnt know either LUL
Jozedenjoljonerez & Korean Toys & Kiro PJ Masks Toys & Jeri Mahlersaver
"sorry we cant understand you"
I swear, pokemon can attract people from all around the world LUL
be careful, the bot might learn what you're saying
russian? google said serbian!
phones get thinner and smarter and I'm sitting here getting fatter and dumber
what is considered cute?
are we doing pokemon contests?
dratinI's japanese name is literally miniryu
are we throwing now?
you can fight blue?
that wasnt in the original games
never played this far either
I only practiced to the end of rock tunnel
might wanna get a better starmie
If thats blue then what do they call the female trainer?
this part of the run is like new content for me
I hope jcog comes back soon
I was asleep and missed it
with bug fables I killed the spider on hard mode, was so proud
yeah, I'm waiting til I get home and get it on ps5
Ive played enough to know I'll enjoy it
JACK IN POKEMON TRAINER EXECUTE!!
wartab improved wr on xy
one played them at release?
I just learned something I will never forget
The voice of Higsby from the english dub did the voice of bling bling boy from johnny test. This is so cursed!!
I loved johhny test as a kid, it was a guilty pleasure
pikachu just wants to be fabulous
need more of this cats4eWiggle
I fail to put into words why I love that so much
I'll be back later
I should've had a like 3:10 rando yesterday but I got soft locked and lost a bunch of time
It was quick. gl on this
Buy followers, primes and viewers on mystrm .store
Big D is in top 4 for goml
I just got home from work
Aaron counterpicked aegis and still got shit on judging by the setcount lol
He has to play Cosmos to get to LF
If big D beats this matchup he is just the best player in the world honestly
Grands has the combo breaker steve
Also why the fuck is coney there
but they put max on top 8 mic
TK can only carry so much
Ok cosmos is 30 seconds in and already playing this matchup wrong
he got to 100 immediately lol
oop nana killed him
nana AI is the only thing holding big D back
didn't they fucking buff that at one point too
She still leaves you offstage
big d won game 1
Cosmos is playing mythra the whole time here for some reason
He is getting punished on hit instead of playing fire ike
Nana died and the crowd is just chanting sopo
he is out neutraling aegis with sopo
Wtf is this desync
He's making nana dash upsmash alone and covering her after
Cosmos got 2 stocked
Tell her she's a nerd
@RuneRavenFP knives says you're not allowed in her house
Does she pay the mortgage
She has no power
She prolly lives under the stairs
Big d is about to 3-0 this nerd lolll
he hard read a swap and almost twitter clipped the shit outta him
oh he killed nana last stock
cosmos almost choked that LOL
He cannot edgeguard sopo
he jabbed them with pyra at like 160
Big D took a stock in 20 seconds LOL
I'm listening to MVD and knives antagonize each other
oh my god he almost took a full stock with sopo LOL
soap would def kill a smasher
ok another 2 stock
A quote from Jibca "ICs could be fucking garbage or lowkey top 10 And I'd be not surprised either way "
They have so much shit but at the same time they have so many weak areas but can also be covered by random technical shit so it's like fucking impossible to say
Riddles killed sopo right away thas crazy
I have no idea what big d is doing but all I know is that I want him at more shit
I need this I don't need byleth
Big D is already up 2-0 on riddles
I don't think Kazuya can 0 to death IC's
ok nvm he did electric and nana ran away LMFAO
Ohh I think I'm holding right too much for LP skip and not just basically down
That'll speed things up
Yeah like after I fall
Ice climbers steve grand finals
So big d is in panda cup finals lol
The canadian color ice climbers win the canada major on canada day weekend
I love this game, I got stuck in the lost woods section
I dont know what to do
just go the right way
whatever the water plant thing
I have NO CLUE
Bear I can show you when I come over
Holy shit the crowd difference between big d and onin LOL
Granted it's a canada event but still
For me it's usually worth it sadly
Big D 0 to deathed last stock
M2K tweeted in all caps "ICE CLIMBERS 0 TO DEATHS ARE ACTUALLY COOL IN THIS GAME"
He didn't even do a true one
he just read a mash in the air with up b and he fucking exploded at 60
I forgot that move is like PM levels of knockback in this game
Nah you'll get 2 ruins keys in mt rugged
Big d was so fucking close to making a sopo comeback
How do you do that against a fresh stock of steve
oh god I forgot I added fresh
Well not a key but still oof
he just used a penis to edgeguard ic's
Steve is a blessing
TK said it was big d's little brother
Someone tweeted a selfie with big d
I forgot he was like 8 feet tall
Yea Kiwi tweeted a pic with him and she was literally half his height LOL
well you're also a giant
Big D lost :(
Steve put blocks offstage and IC's couldn't come back
You can do all but 2 checks in 3, yeah?
Yeah double dipping blows
Why was aaron seeded higher than big d though
Hi there. Been watching your Paper Mario Rando VODs. Thanks for those. Been looking to catch you live one day,
Big D got 9th at genesis, Aaron gets top 32
Big D had 15th seed
That's his region they should know that he doin bullshit LUL
I think it's quebec because coney was french posting
Hmmm, a bit partner starved this seed I see?
Well, the major ones at least
What a month or two for N64 Rando. This has been out for a bit, and DK64 Rando is almost hot off the press
You're gonna play dk64 rando, right phantom :)
N64 Rando is on my to-do list, but right now the only equipment I have to work with for emulators is Dolphin (Metroid Prime 1/2 Rando for me)
I should setup bizhawk
Our community has a cross-game multiworld tourney in-progress. We just started the brackets
Yea it['s very bad
and they scold me to give them money every time I open it and I have to wait a minute to open my rom
One of my brothers has our old N64 and (as of 3 years ago) it still runs. I'm wondering if he'll let me take it
Yea if you open it without having a linked thing of donating you have to wait 30s to open a rom every time
Where was the 1st TBC small key?
where was the train? lol
@RuneRavenFP PJ64 devs DON'T want you to google search resource hacker
So how does logic account for battle necessity. Will it try to avoid placing progression in a Chapter 7 scaled area for example?
"To start off I should clarify
We Shrooms are a fickle bunch
literally me anytime I take a day off
Oh not again with Star piece Toy Box
That's fair. I'm a fan of the Danger Mario setup. I don't play defensively in games
there's also like 4 checks there too right?
So one question I've meant to ask. What's your fascination with Attack FX C?
4fp mega bomb is hype
@CaptainMD13 It's literally the Best badge in the game
Still doesn't beat the Super Bombette from last month (The 1 FP across the board one)
I have a PM 64 Badge Tier list coming out in the future at some point
It's an M4 Collab
Sooooooo that's 2 Bow locked major items
Hmmm, and Chapter 7 is off the table too cause Laki right?
Maybe I got my sewers mixed up (Happens a lot)
I'm thinking the spike pit
It is up my alley of stupid
But yeah, I'm guessing 7 or upper KBF
but it actually serves a purpose optimally lol
I have never done it tho
96 Star Pieces does it iirc
Got enough Life Shrooms?
I watched M4 lose an hour to it bc that category also skips Lucky Star
Wow, Super Badge Toy Box apparently
BTW, SGDQ was amazing this year
I watched like 6 runs
My brother nearly cried watching tasbot Ocarina of Time
Hai hai. : D
I too watched a ton of GDQ
@TacoGuy74 Shove him down the stairs and make him actually cry
I did cry at it, Taco.
Highlights for me was ZOOTR, Mario All-Stars ACE, and ESPECIALLY Metroid Dread.
@TacoGuy74 why are you such a tsundere
@buff00n you replied to the wrong one I think
By the way, MH Rise Sunbreak came out and Oh my gog it's so good.
Either way I have no clue what you're talking about
the Ty run was cool
Besides the linkus run I kinda just watched what you said was being presented well
Also, Chapter 6 scaling?
Linkus is very good at solo commentary but I also don't know why he even had 2 comms
1 literally never talked LOL
@RuneRavenFP Tsundere would be a good way to describe your online personality I feel
I really enjoyed watching SMO and the new Kirby run
@TacoGuy74 No buff00n is just a bitch
They added a wolfy boy for MH Rise Sunbreak, and, the turf war between it and Zinogre IS THE COOLEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN.
Good thing there were like 3 Life Shrooms LUL
Man why is battlebeaver still using a hexagon logo I saw them pop up on twitter and was worried LOL
So remind me again, how often does Ralp's shop update?
@TacoGuy74 takes one to know one, puto
Why do you keep responding to the wrong one
He is red and I'm fucking yellow
If I shared a clip of the wolfy boy vs Zinogre turf war, would you take a look?
Legit the coolest thing I've ever seen.
I messed up this trick so bad in my last RAC run
It made a thread of my response to your response to 74's inquiry
This'll be something else if Bow is here
It's cool that it's the "optimal" strat
you hit that via force of habit
especially since we need laki in this room too
What aspect of talking about my brother nearly crying over Zelda makes me tsundere?
Oh, the bucket thing was a TF2 meme
@TacoGuy74 I called OG TacoGuyy tsundere
It's just this one line from an animation that reached meme status
It'd be a shame if someone....mega bombed them
faster than a refresh
so I cringe every single RAC run
I mean you gotta do what you gotta do
we disrespect 2-3 Jamin' Jellies in that run
So anyways, I started blasting
Hows the rando treating you
(Sorry, bit of a sucker for comedy)
Also how is you
Didn't you mention something about showing this at an event coming up, or did that pass and I missed it?
I came down with a bad case of COVID and I'm having a blast lol
I'm just speaking words
M4 has the lucky job?
You do not want me rolling seeds. There's a reason my partner and I are called "The Best Seed Rollers" in our Metroid Prime Tourney
But I've just felt very sore and congested but it'll get better
I used to be the primary coordinator for the Prime 2 Weeklies, but my current schedule and the tourney is keeping me too busy, but chat loved it when I genned seeds.
That's a solid couch
Midwest SpeedFest. That was it, I'll try to remember that
dude these clubbas are adorable
And now I'm currently watching smash twitter fall to the ground and laughing
Point still stands. Run, he angy
LOOK MAN THAT INKLING IS NAVY
Also Tubba showing off his SA-X AI
Bow on Ralp, let's gooooo
So does the real FP cost now show in the Badge menu?
I got a 107 on shade
I think Shrink Stomp is how I beat Master 1 my first playthrogh
How many life shrooms you got?
(And this was around Chapter 2)
There were like 3 in toy box
missed 2nd place on the stupid board by minute and a half for what its worth
What did tubba do you you huh?
devil has it down to 45 minutes so with some work can easily get it down to sub 1
Made us double-dip his castle for one thing
Keep a key in said castle for another
Also hi Bow, can you tell us where you're at?
yes, I'm talking about the thing I refuse to submit too
I say that despite I did submit a sub 30 for bn2 LUL
So right now we need Kooper, Bow, Pyramid Stone, and Magic Seeds 1/3/4 and that's it, right?
that was the first time I got sub 30 I was so proud lol
Wow, game calling me a liar psykitHeck
Idk man that honey lookin mad nice
If you forget if you have something thats what the tracker is for Kappa
I mean....we need that...just not by itself
track means track, er means the action of doing something LUL
Laki is just a universal Key
So this chapter is either gonna be standard or baby scaled
dont be such a bitch
waits you your mitzi impression "Axl! Listen...listen..."
What a weird day it is to have to be "looking for kooper"
*chuckes* I'm in Danger
Anyone just see a boss?
Nice 1 of a kind Starpiece
For the 1st time literally ever
That may be the most cursed sentence I've heard all day
now that ive learned up to shade I can do lotto codes phanto274Hype
well the snowman's gift checks aren't in logic bc the ch1 bucket
I was a slow typer on that one
"Bow! Why were you hiding in the Mayor's Dresser???"
To spook him obviously
Excuse me, what the psykitHeck ?
It feels wrong to be excited about finding him
Well got an early morning at work tomorrow. Good luck.
Oh lord she commin lol
Is this game I dont know if he's shit again
Where else would they be
mega bomb is good and fair
you mega bomb my heart
Is it now lol
yes you saw how long it took him to hammer
just doing my part
I did not but my sob is 45 minutes faster than my pb now NiceSoftlock
gonna try again tomorrow
People have been spamming fireworks for the past 2 weeks
pretty sure I'm not going in on tuesday cuz of sickness either so that's another day for runs
What happened to him...
didyou do weight check?
Hello Phantom5800 playing Rando!?!? lol | !discord !pb !mwsf Paper Mario English Randomizer Retro N64 Speedrun Closed Captions
who knows whats in there
Man you're just having the best of luck rn
It's always super blooper lmfao
I think 9/10 seeds I've played have had something locked behind that chest
That tree has 1 eye ball but 2 pupils
should probably check if my console still doesn't like rando
It's been a bit
I found laki there in my last seed
gonna take a random guess and say it was overheating in the entertainment center it was sitting in before
It was only with rando which I found interesting
never my vanilla carts
but it'd make sense I think
that was excellent comedic timing
fuck it, I'll do a seed offline lol
just in case it explodes again so I don't look sad on stream
phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
are you ending after this?
watching the subtitles try really hard to interpret all the pape terms is so funny
I'd kill for a sub 4 seed
get on my level
I will be there :D
Did you plan the yellow shirt to match pikachu? It's a nice touch
get a pikachu already slowass
Misogyny makes pokemon runs go round
My chair expired I can no longer sit down in maplestory
Wdym what I didn't stutter
playing let's go even though the titles is legends hmmmm
u going to port priority
I feel like lets go is new enough where it's not going to be quite as effective with the category
oof I thought it was in whika or something
If you named it sway that wouldn't have happened
Yea but he was goated anyways
ok now gotta get back to mass murdering elephants for a lil birt
Look a random dude hiding in a clocktower told me to, I have to
I fucking hate the category name
you didn't skip one trainer nice category
I was gonna mess with the new reworked classes after I got bored of this one but I like this one too much
I got motion inputs, a giant axe, and semi-technical movement from said motion inputs
I got supers and shit too
If I do 21456 I get a big tornado
And I'm one of the 6 legendary heroes so I need it
DP input is a single target move that just fucking nukes bosses
can only use it with full meter tho and that's annoying to build if I'm not in a field
scales off hitcount but I also have a button to just fill it every 4 minutes
ok back to murdering shit I'm almost at level 200
I think 300 is the cap I forget if they raised it or not
I'm sad tho because this quest series had a cool plot I was enjoying but the boss is really fucking bugged rn and keeps DC'ing me halfway into the fight so I can't finish it
this clocktower dude is sending me into the hell forest now
maybe I shouldn't have mass murdered elephants for him
I wanted to hear komarI's brazil lady rap LUL
Down In Pumpkin Braz-Hill LUL
I had a sick shadowman fight today, I one turned him lol
emotion bug is so good
how the fuck do I navigate the hell forest this shit sending me all over
This forest is reducing my characters sanity and there's spooky trees 'n' shit
oh you said hell forest so I assumed pape lol
The longer I'm in the forest the lower my max hp gets while I'm in there
and I have to reset my sanity with a mage if I don't wanna die
I was told to go to a mansion in the back of this shit and this shit just a maze
just don't go insane
the hallucinations are getting so thick I can't see shit
I tried to look up a map and this forum post just said "don't"
this the best gains I need my 4 levels >:(
no they said this area is bullshit LOL
Thor changed his twitter pfp to a lovelive girl and I hate it
he's not watched it he just said he thought it was funny
all gyms should be like this
I hate doing filler battles
I just want to go fast
@buff00n soon you'll sub to phantom, poor ass
when I'm not broke af, sure
I only care about filler battles if they are randomized cause that's exp and I want to see what I'm going up against
yelling at a friend, cuz they can't accept that fighting games aren't as responsive as most other video games by design
tell him he's ass at fighting games and move on with your night
I only remember hate
the only quote I remember is quote #1
I can't remember how to
do I win an Oreo?
I ate the last pack of oreos
the last pack of The Most Stuf Oreos
most stuf oreo is so cursed
Uhhhh because they felt like banning the hard one
that's not just an ordinary Pikachu, that's a Detective Pikachu.
just a a big 5, add 100 to 100%, and 2P
Work had free sandwiches today and it was rad
I got 2 club sandwiches
Ok I found a map
I'm outta that stupid shit
oh thank god it spawned me back here
why does this damn mountain also kill my sanity
did you make out yet
I've not been paying attention I've been navigating this stupid area and talking to people
just noticed your category
when I run bn5 I'm gonna pick a different bn game everytime
just to fuck with everyone
Also hows the run treating you
I'll title it after the catergory
I can see it now...
ASMR STREAM!!! | Another Shitty Megaman Run |
I just use retro so the live bot doesnt list me in discord
also since there is such a disconnect with teambn is it even worth submitting to the board?
like I play the game because its fun
I grinded bn2 to get a wr then got bopped a week later. I never want to do that again
I felt like I'd get it enventually so I never stopped
the last bn2 run I did I got a 2nd prism from the trader so there is other stuff we can do, plus jugoomba is maniping Dash in single segment
Someone make the fireworks stop lol
you sound like Hikari
yesterday I reached out to JP Kellams on twitter, he confirmed he did translate bn6 which was pretty cool.
he started at capcom, moved to platinum worked on bayonetta, then EA, and now he's at Epic.
Find it interesting to see how devs more around
title my game whatever jugoomba, risch, or komari is streaming LUL
Bro just watched an ad for butterfinger now I'm hungry LUL
Ive got your raid msg
Scooby was lit, PBed in Warpless so that's dope
"well, if it isnt the hottie thotty with a naughty body"
bot is still subbed from me lmao
oh shit u have 7tv
AND you put dog island emotes?!
It was on 6/6
he needs to make another funny quote
funnier than... Ok failbot didn't go yesterday so it was like final where he talks about the abomination that is Origami King? LuL
my nephew was playing the pokemon mmo and showing it to me.
I liked the presentation
was like gen 3 engine in HD, but battles on gen 5 engine
Its hard as fuck
lorelie has a cloyster with skill link
oh snap, since shasta is back from gdq he is stream streetpass lol
this would be the time to do that
If I went to gdq I'd bring all on my 3DS
I think I'm down to 4 but one is still sealed
the fire emblem awakening bundle
one day I hope to meet laura bailey and have her open and sign it
I just saw what game this was under
what I look for in starmie is HP 109-122, Def 82-96, SpAtk 106-120, SpDef 82-96, Spd 110-124
alright I'm back I was adding like so many emotes to my channel MozzarellaSticks
my practice save has a HP 113 ATK 74 DEF 88 SPATK 123 SPDEF 87 SPD 123
no prob, I'm always down for calling out communities LUL
Is the timeloss primarily real or diff catches/evo
haven't seen you run Let's Go in while
grinding for 3:01 now
the 3:02 has a minute long optional so I want to get one without it, and maybe push for 3:00
oh that's the roughest one
It's better to just do them after Sabrina
yea because you have to heal after Sabrina anyway so you're double menuing
If you depost before
yea golds are kind of pointless until after Sabrina
I use a one page printout with just the shops and some ranges now for notes
as long as you have an antidote, an awakening and one of the fake full heals you're fine
Yo I got a 4pm pool for doubledown
Jesse got a 10am ripbozo
Is a sway pikachu
I saw a stupid twitter thing that was a twitter family thing so I clicked on the site "don't tweet" cause I just wanted to look first
and it fucking tweeted anyway and tagged everyone
and ohrocks was my spouse
random art account I follow and RT was a child
Oh god Splash had one and it made him marry pallos
I can't complain anymore
Looking at a list of MN players on a tier list maker and like there's very little character variety here besides the top people
Like at least they're playing good chars but it's just all swordies
Lucky mad good but plant has so many bad matchups
There is so much fire emblem and link and palu on this list
both link and yink
Idk they think he's cool but then I camp him
Get another sway pb this instant
ayo fuck that guy
Tux is in my doubledown pool
Buff00n passed him along
a megaman player is before that ugh
The lack of murder characters is why our #2 is pplant
If I manage to get RAC into the marathon I'm after I asked M4 and Arie to be my couch
Went in with 1 yesterday
I mean, you KNOW the game knows.
I can't be convinced they aren't sentient
bombette was on a treadmill lol
how many panels are in the game?
that doesn't sound bad
does that include chapter 8?
not doing letters in marathon?
after I do mitzI's seed I want to try panels
I know where a few are
I'll use a guide for the ones I don't know til I memorize them
crazy how the races just died
u drowned? that sucks
did you just throw a hammer?
@trustyaltruist yeah my bad, I meant sinking
call an ambulance, but not for me
tbf I received swim lessons every year as a kid and I still can't swim
I hate the ocean
I could float but not get anywhere
I like looking at it tho
I've always been afraid of submerging my head
also don't like my face getting wet
Hai hai. : D
Oooh. Looks like I got here fairly early.
Where'd you find your companions?
Rigby had a seed this morning, was nice to chill since work was dead
Poor Sushi being exiled to the desert.
also I changed my name to pink today lol
mitzi called me out LUL
Welcome to the best color, Axl.
Axl, Listen! you are green to me! LMAO
you have a different shade viki
There's one piece of Exodia.
okay she didn't go that far but wish she did LUL
At least you got a mushroom to heal that trap damage.
Cheer100 Phantom going shinedown on us Don't you know I broke the mold Like a hammer to a landmine
What was that alert LUL
Is that moment clipped?
Begging your pardon Parakary?
shinedown is a band and when you hammered bombette it reminded me of them
would they be considered butt rock?
I think I get hinder and shinedown mixed up
I always forget that hidden block
also when you start with sushi do you get the upgrade block in toad town
here I though my boi was picky HahaSweat
I know otherwise it's pretty slow
I mean I do too tbf
It's be nice if key items had a slightly altered sprite like they do in Kirby Air Ride
Yeah, if it's a trap
Like for example the Tubba key missing the black dot in the center
Or Bombette not having her fuse
Oh yeah, it'd have to be the mildest of changes
Flower saver with a 3 FP Power Bomb? I like the sound of that
That works for me, my watching schedule doesn't free up until Friday anyway
I actually gotta bust outta here now and lurk to sleep before work (up 3 AM). So good night and good luck.
How do you wall?
Is there like ever a case where you just fight Kent? Like if Chapter 1 is Chapter 1 scaled?
I just witnessed heresy.
Ok I think we're good on Repel Gel's, thanks
Now can we have that 3rd Ruins key?
Do you think that this is fake?
the power of ultra stone give it back!
you already had gotten a fake one in toy box
I think that I was there for that.
not like you do with the star kids Phantom
you bully them more
Last Stand is going to either be 1 or like.. six BP
Called it. : D
But don't you want to struggle for our entertainment?
I'm banking on another French vanilla TBC Small Key
And that becomes 1 FP with FSaver sooooo
Hey! Saw ur vid on my youtube recommended and came to check out the stream
Just go beat Bowser right now.
Yup! Thats right :D
oh don't be, I work for a school district and it's summer so it's not as wild haha
woke up from a nap to find myself here
that sweet sweet IT work
I remembr reading that in high school
there was a girl that had all the volumes and would bring them to class
yeah, I'm my circle of high school friends we would collect different manga
yeah, cannot re-read that as a 30 year old ass man
Imagine a pokey pet emote with needles sticking out of mario's hand KEKW
glad I did this, but FUCK
Ive always been really good with emote ideas
but I want you to
this better add up to something Kappa
really... dividing your time between toad town and shiver city :)
I'd rather fight ch 7 Jr than type on mobile
that's all I got.
calculator jokes are underrated
what settings are you doing?
what do the numbers next to the star spirits mean? They weren't randomized, I thought
my seed for v0oidathon almost forced me into anti guy in sphere 0
I had bow. and I had access to lemon candy...but the ingredients where held hostage by shy guys..in a ch 7 scaled ch 4
oh no,rigby did your seed die?
no, my cats are meowing like they are in pain so I'm taking a break to check on them
that's the dried shroom from ttyd
LUL LUL LUL LUL LUL
Is it really random?
Has the luck been good so far?
Damn that sucks lol
Oh fuck yeah I just saw lol
now I'm watching 2 rando seeds at same time
this and 1 on me phone
got to go somewhere
I'll keep stream open
How goes today's randomizer?
Have you tried turning it off and not turning it back on again?
If nothing else, you have some seriously cracked badges.
Welp, at least you already know by the point it's gonna be long.
Do we know your FP Plus BP cost yet?
(Can't remember if you have one already or not)
An aquaintance of mine from a server I'm in actually made a concept for a timed treasure hunt for Paper Mario Randomizer.
I play MH. That was not too fast.
Yeah, basically, certain types of items you collect are worth a certain number of points, and you have 3 hours to collect as much points as possible.
What I find funny is he made Goombario worth double as many points as the other partners because he's such a burden. XD
I think it was also designed with maximum randomizer settings in mind, other than always starting with one partner.
Ah yes, here it is. Badges and Star Pieces are worth 1 point each, Important Items and Partners are worth 5 points each, and Goombario and Each Star Spirit is worth 10 points each.
So the max point total was 530.
You can only hope by the time you have to come here you have Lakilester. Makes it a bit faster.
where are you going now?
audio is laggy let me refresh
yo outback is here!!
gonna grab my steak
dont be such a bitch
what did I miss
my medium rare steak was cold but still loved it
you got super mega ultra digivolve boots
damn 1fp mega bomb
need that in my rando seeds
but yeah you just got ultra boots
with a last stand set up, it definitely is
you're missing something important
There was one sandwich left at work and I took it immediately
It was a chipotle club I had to
yellow shyguys :O almost as good as pink ones
look at this baby ass seed
I'm playing some dbd with my friends. trying to convince a group of em to play among us cause I feel like gaslighting people
When was the last time we played among us phantom
How long ago was that loll
time to play again mwahaha
I forget if we ever played after my birthday that one year
We were playing that shit so much when prox came out
how is the run going Phantom?
are you doing more after this run?
that means bn6 rando!!
lets go rando would suck
Pokemon randos are fun
but only if you nuzlocke
okay pokemon randos are fun, but theN you hear phantom bitch about how much he doesnt like it KEKW
what the fuck is your inventory
seed was really fun [after I found laki]
really doesn't take that long to learn panels tbh
I've done like maybe 5 hundo runs and know where they are
do a 6th hundo run
I'm interested in learning them
mm = my mpapermario
mega man 2 is my favorite zelda game
Its from twilight princess
no going fast allowed
Uh oh LK tweeted about wanting emotes
He summoned the bots
I was so annoyed having to full clear ch7 for sushie in my last seed lmao
that's one of the worst chapters to have to do that for
I love Flower Fields. If I could, I would replace all areeas with Flower Fields. The amount of skill, calculations, and sheer intelligence involved in navigating the many entrances make for the most memorable area in Paper Mario. I can't think of a single reason why anyone would want to skip this area or even worse, remove it from the game. The only possible substitute that comes to mind is The Great Boggly Tree, but that is a story for a different day.
yeah 6 is fun to do in rando, it doesn't really take long besides moles and rosie
that one also has a lot of checks on that path
so it's not as bad
twitter talking about next switch, okay thats enough twitter for today
when aren't they though
I reached out to aixi for a battle network commission
so imagine OG acdc town painted, but in a 4 piece in a diamond layout
morph sucks at major league
we do slowruns around these parts
your bn3 follower goal was 350, you increased it LMAO
let me grab my old screen cap
now where the hell is ms paint!?
oot hundo no srm is sub 3:50 now wtf
happened this morning lmao
I was about to bring that up
That was the run that started after I went to bed lol
He has touhou on his splits he's based
when is triforce% getting bopped?
It's just sakuya anymore but it's still touhou
how did I type just
this is a different ace
The best ace is still the pokemon yellow one
a lot of it was showing flavor text
I'm guessing you sending us to Rigby after this hehe
oh? random is live
I'm gonna tell him you said that
hehe he is white
DIE COTTON CANDY DIE!!!
It's the final battle!
ace could get you there
with boss rush, it should warp us to that duplighost room after the last star spirit is saved tbh
you could jsut call time when you get your last card
we'll call it phantom%
my brother walked in and said, "hey he looks like our cousin!" Me: dont insult phantom like that LUL
Wow phantom you look like their cousin
Wow phantom you look like their cousin
Final battle time for the 49th time
I am not allowed to use any food delivery app, apparently
I don't blame them
I ordered food, it didn't arrive
well hes called buff00n for a reason LUL
easy win secend win
How do I how do I always get here at the end of your runs LUL
I order, then SOMETHING always happens
what will the title be called on youtube?
did you get your 7 cap?
I don't think I've ever seen a 7 on final
honestly that sounds like it'd be a bad thing in some categories
like you just do too much damage lmfao
how is too much dmg bad?
he can heal starting on turn 2
so unless you beam on turn 1, he's probably gonna heal
forgot a check n ice palace and called it quits lmaoo
thanks for the stream
He swapped to pape
he forgot to change the category lol
I had to speedrun my raid because I knew you were finishing
the raid your problem now
maybe I was so early it seemed late
the ending music is so nice
was just thinking how funny it would be to swap between you and komari everytime one of you resets LMAO
Hey I hope you're having a great day! I love watching you speedrun and I watch you pretty much every day it's so awesome and entertaining watching you play and I think you're really cool and talented. I want to support you and see you achieve your goals. I believe in you
doing a stream before the game?
I'll be doing a meet up with laichan next week
hows that any different?
did you see my smart watch pic?
Pikachu spedran to oak's lab
bn7 PET will just be a watch LUL
wonder how they'd handle new forms
Watching your pokepark run really made me wanna play it again
Congrats on the PB the other day
I heard first bug breakout
Really hope they make a pokepark3 for the switch and or port the first two
oh well, if you match without the optionals its like a 3:15 - 3:16
I was there lol
It was a grimer right?
yea theres luck for sure, but its definitiely rewards consistentcy
It was in the mansion
Get two shinys then
lol like 15, I once had a run with both Snorlax and Raticate shinies
I have a good amount of shinies from pkaying competitively anyway so its not a big deal to me
brock is the useless split
as long as I'm not like a true minute behind it doesnt matter
my gold is 17:07 in Pika for Brock
Do you have a favorite Pokmon spin-off game?
the end of the tail is not in the hit box also, I go for moon onix
Love the ranger games
especially not on lure its not a bad chance
moon onix >>>> rt onix
I deleted a bunch of runs recently
eventually I'll come back to let's go
Or just be like my not loaded to youtube Eevee PB where I catch Fearow, Golbat, and RT Onix
that run was awful
now my Pika PB I got a supersize cleafairy right after I deposited everything
less likely to get Poison Gas, you keep Oddish until Gloom, but I have different variants of the JJ fight because on my nature and stats at level 9
I also run minus Sp. Atk Pika
the 3:02 run is Jolly
It technically makes my first shop faster too
because I dont get x sp. atk
yep do that 2 turns
go for ekans first
so one thing I do is almost always catch Rat or Pidgey on Rt 2 just for the situation you find yourself in now
I deposit and go for Otto, risky but the Exp is worth it
I'll do it before Vermillion to get Growlithe to level 18
but not always, how I play depends so much on Pikachus level and Attacking Stats
Its more dynamic than you could put into notea
seeing talk on twitter, imagine next gdq being in hawaii lol
Its only because Ive done so many runs and have tried a failed a lot of different variants
It would be so worth
level 18 or really high atk I switch to Headbutt to save text screens
whats your take on walking into pink gorilla and potentially being on stream?
gotcha, he's doing a subathon so lurking for maybe a free gift LMAO
love the idea of streaming from a game shop
I never thought of that
agumon ha to funnier if he wants a sub lol
yeah, have him post in general
yea, that was good considering what happened
I saw that switch fans are getting excited for pokemon puzzle league. Nothing wrong with that but they have to wait a whole month just for a single game. "looks over at everdrive on GodsIntendedConsole "
oh that was a great, I'm used to seeing 475 exp on the pidgey catch
I always grab fire stone and evolve growlithe now and uses arcanine as a ride
yes, I switch, there's a long winded reason behind it that'll be tldr to write
basically fairy sac -> growlithe evolve at next menu and switch rides in hideout
It's risky for JJ Tower though
caterknees is actually the player I got the idea from
oh, Tuesday I hit them again so I spent an hour practicing a new technique to pass them
yea, that's my problem, but there's a small dirt circle immediately in front of them that I run to then slowly pass through
you're fine it's level 18
If you got gloom you got sandshrew
I've definitely run into that spinner a few times
so it's faster to add a pokemon to party over another party member
It adds and removes at the same time
gl on the rest on the run!
Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3 Ezekiel3
catch all the pokemon
catch like 20 or so more pokemon
I saw that you were playing Arceus and was like "wait, he's speedrunning a game I don't think he finished casually?"
and here I see Definitely Not Arceus
I still haven't finished O_O
word I never thought I'd hear
no shiny time to reset
Ight best of luck go win or somethin
In BW, Starmie was the Pokemon I used to solo the Black Tower/White Tree and the E4
at least you got some XP/EVs?
Does Bruno still have two Onix?
you mean psychic doesn't just OHKO everything on her team?
Starmie looks back and whispers to you each time, "You're losing time, kekeke"
how is it a range at +6? Does it have Multiscale?
oh it's mega lol
lmao trying to use Solarbeam without sun
how did this guy become champion?
are you commentary for glenn?
that's like 10p anyway
thank you for saving me
I woke up to my air matress deflating
the nob got turned somehow
Matress: get your ass outta bed
It was like climbing out of a hamick
I know all the settings except for the toad at the end
all the settings? you mad man lol! gl hf
wrong tree but sure
yo icebound, whats good
was the new fetch quest added to the rando or is it in vanilla?
but how early can you do it?
I think that's it, yeah, post ch1
hello wiggle friendo cats4eWiggle
I'm donating plasma and then o have to drive half an hour outta town to visit a friend permitDead
2 coins oh boy!
If I don't get cake when I go visit this friend I'll be upsetti. She's having a party for her kid
I demand cake if I am to be in the presence of children
note to self: dont have children
Oh wow sushi and watt. They really said go to lava lava right off the bat
sushi was on the island
as she should be Kappa
I like having the stream on full screen and chat on my laptop
coin is a bargain!!!
Oh man you gotta get that singular coin for a million star pieces
It only makes sense
so this rando's exchange rate is 1 coin to 4 star pieces
yo that storeroom had like 8 star pieces KEKW
I'd like to rework Merlow some time, his shop is usually pretty meh atm ..
are you using the new hit box Kappa
And we thought the fuzzys were thieves
Koopas out here stealing kitchen utensils
last rando I learned something
yellow yoshi wont take a super soda
LET'S GO RANDO RANDY sNeeds!!!!!
heard a loud crash just now
cat knocked over the rack for setting up balls on the pool table smh
My cat likes to open cabinets and hide in them
he just wanted his face scratched, he took off running LUL
I sunk a ball on break today, will never happen again lol
Why didn't you check the volcano when you were on lava lava?
that's not the boi
he doesn't play baseball and his name isn't Goombario
Oh yeah you had no parakarry or laki
Man the plasma place is super behind today. My appointment was for an hour and 15 minutes ago and I haven't even started donating yet
I'd usually be dont by now
you need kooper for the bridge tho
are you doing "surfer dude" strats?
mushroom kingdom doesnt check for bombs/weapons in the mail?
LP must be too hard for you lol
I should probably remove that wall ...
get the goomba or I will cry
I mean, I put it there in the first place
I'll look into it
with koopa bros ive seen leonardo and donatelo
damn... koopa bros are just missing mikey
ain't gotta be at the venue until 4pm my time
exactly what it means
It's 1pm my time
buff00n you missed it
our pools start at 4pm
PhantomGamesBot: Haha took numer one slot for axl if everyone stops doing randos we can start at like 160
I just looked back here, this is a dank looking fight
yeah they're surprisingly resistant
actually enjoying the song...
ajo wth, I just checked the koopa bros sleep chance, and all 4 have different chances??
green 70, red 30, blue 40 and yellow 60
slowly getting closer to bn3 SS
I want that coin you have on clearance. "yes sir, that'll be 1 coin please."
first try on getting my name right
thats a new record
hi phantom it's Brett <3
are you playing this on an emulator or console?
fuck that guy I got my phone back
he also said he loves this song
brett makes a better mod anyways Kappa
hello! saw your youtube stuff and wanted to hop in
I recently finished my first playthrough on an emulator and it was kinda broken
love me some paper mario randos
Its always fun to call out mods
yeah I found you on yt as well
yours is the premiere yt channel for regular pm rando videos
I just like to watch the randomizer cause pain lol
I like looking for randomizers on games I liked playing
I got into super mario rpg randomizers because of that
there's others that stream it a lot but don't upload to yt. their fault ig lol
I've ran those so many times
I like the SMZ3 randomizer
I think the way we met was in jcog's stream "hey Axl, I'm gonna be running bn6" that def got my attention LUL
haven't done many Z1
have a good one!
bearunlvL bearunlvL bearunlvL bearunlvL bearunlvL
that name sounds familiar
I have a friend who is top 200 in the world
his name is bond
damn bandits just not givin you a break
anyways I wanted to play paper mario randomizers but playing it on an emulator is not the best
least you have laki
so idk what to do
I've never had issues with bizhawk
oh I'm using p64
that might be it
p64 is ass shit
coming from someone who uses it
project 64's catchphrase should be "we run mario 64 good, and thats about it"
I didnt wanna deal with setup stuff so I went everdrive
I only use p64 for mario 64 rom hacks, cause bizhawk doesn't like them
paper mario on project 64 did weird things, like if there was too much stuff on the screen every single model would just disappear
It was especially bad on big rooms like in the volcano
If there was one extra thing everything just disappeared
because the room was so big
also the darkness effect where you have to use watt just didnt work
I had to fight lantern ghost without the darkness effect so it was very confusing
Goombario Slander is Cringe He's just as awesome as all the other Super Mario Characters, and you're not Based for disliking him just because he's 'basic'. FREAKING LOVE GOOMBARIO!1!1!>:(
also I thought koopa koot would actually give you something good at the end of his questline so I did every single favor
I also did every single letter
that one wasnt as bad
I think your bot is having a stroke
kinda reminds me of the deep leffen bot
I thought the bosses were gonna be a lot harder when I played tbjs
but I saw everyone raving about the later bosses
I didnt know what I was doing
and I got lucky on crystal king clones so that probably helped
actually yknow what huff n puff was definitely the hardest boss
I hurt my arm mashing for that fight
I made it through fine but he was the only boss to cause irl damage
I got to the final boss at level 20 I think
later game fights were just power quake + power bomb
Monstar's sooo hard to block
I never saw monstars attack I killed him on the first turn
the only badge I had that raised my attack was all or nothing
PGbot had a stroke and I missed it?!
but I used watt's powerup attack a lot in the later fights because I didnt have a lot of attack power
watt was the only partner I used for the bowser fight because he pierced defense
have you been to forest?
my most used partners were bombette, parakarry, and watt
I like having squirt at 1 fp
I used lakilester for huff n puff and bow for tubba blubba's heart but thats about it when it comes to other partners
oh yeah and I used sushie for lava piranha
who's your favorite partner character wise?
I'd say bombette character wise
my favorite character wise is bow
Ive seen m4 blow the wall up early so ive been doing that
I also like parakarry as a character
where are the Panel Percy's at?
are you saying that you wouldn't sell a red jar and 2 letters in your shop?
I've played every paper mario game except the first 2 so I decided to play this one and I'm gonna start ttyd soon
where did you start?
the first one I ever played was super paper mario
when I was a kid
the first one I completed was sticker star
and then I beat super
and I also beat color splash and origami king when they came out
I enjoyed them I dont get the hate
theres a block there?
do you find the combat fun?
the hate comes mostly from people expecting more pm64 or ttyd and not gett it
I get that sorta but I think they split off from that format because of the mario and luigi games
just give me a reason to do the fights
and the fight itself isnt enough
I'm so upset about that m&l is my favorite nintendo series
I have every single game
Bowser's inside story remake dug alphadream's grave
as much as I've enjoyed the paper mario games nothing compares to bowsers inside story
that game is perfect imo
I finished the first 2 and started the 3rd one, solid games
Partners in Time is very cool! :^)
I really like every game
partners in time is probably my least favorite if I had to choose one
but I dont hate it
I still love it
I have an unsigned copy from Phantom
I also have both of the remakes
the only issue I have with partners in time is they took abilities away from mario and luigi to give it to the babies. Just seemed so backwards. give them unique ones
If AlphaDream remade those games on switch, I think it would've made a difference
bowsers inside story 3ds came out in like 2019
around the same time as luigis mansion and metroid 2
3ds is still my favorite nintendo system
oh Mansion definitely needed to be on switch
they could've been more experimental on switch
thats why I got the xl version
DS lite hurts too
I have a ds lite
switching from my ds lite to my 2ds xl is such a difference
It agrees with my agreement
my New 3DS XL is on it's final breath and it's becoming slowly unusable
I broke my old 3ds xl but thats because I wasn't taking good care of it
and it was right after I got platinum and got shiny stinko
how do you skip the text so fast
Is that in the base game
that wouldve been helpful when my chapter 5 got reset
I play with slow text and slow go at the start
game is unplayable otherwise
these partners are being held hostage
ohrocks for the true RP immersion
I'm probably gonna lurk now since I ran out of stuff to talk about
Phantombot is a best friend
wrong % and wrong game but I wouldn't be opposed
It's Mario Mario and Luigi Mario!
we can feed gourmet guy actual food
there's nothing to debate
It's by law we need to feed him food and poison
I'll stick to GBA COM ty
to be fair, me telling risch about speed got him to join LUL
ShyGuys out for blood NotLikeThis
can't wait to see anti guy fight
youll have to wait for next stream
you streaming the game tonight? Kappa
how could you skip gourmet guy?
okay, watch is telling me to exercise
It's called laki clip
like every clip in this dumb game
stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence stickshamPence
I don't like that
do it for the memes
I'M DOIN MY BEST!!!
Koopa Koot better get himself Lifeshroom insurance if he doesn't give you the goods.
any bet-er's in chat? modCheck
to see how this goes stickshamChaos
35 cals doing curls fifiChad
you got that epic mystery
why is mystery so bad?
see it worked Kappa
It's actually really good, you just have to be good at using it.
you can just practice using mystery
but you could get WR?
the mystery? item is the future of Paper Mario 64 speedruns!
kinda mean trap ngl
yeah, I saw a real life gamer girlfriend but not yours. Her heart belongs to a freakin' speedrunner he resets a lot and dont PB but she says he's the perfect mixture of dedication and self-loathing. She loves him and losing good runs is their world. bleedPurple
should've gotten another mystery?
Who is your favorite partner in the game?
phantom I need to ask
was that guy really streaming the simpsons under PLA?
Ive woken up on a saturday morning and found shrek movie under speedrun tag
chat made it so much fun LUL
where's the educational stream tag?
what the meme, "you cheated only yourself"?
Sorry I'm late, what'd I miss?
Your tracker just screams "all over the place"
Phantom how are you so good at this game? Not only did you have flawless fights, but you also used mystery successfully!
What's the Pink Toad setting? I know the other 6
I'm still waiting to see it
and ive been here 2 and a half hours
Well entrenched in Danger Mario I see
I spelled it wrong anyways
Good Grief, 8 FP WutFace ?
fake shoutout the link is wrong LUL
Nice BP costs, but I imagine the FP isn't as cooperative
Oh yeah, 6 FP Mega Quake
goomba king has koopa leaf
we've done prologue correct?
Imagine if you had Mega Rush?
he really did glennj5BONK
should've had that damage dodge
anti guy looks like he's going to hurl
anti guy did warn you not to fight him
lurking reset, help me backseat him KEKW
Welp, 4 Spirits before Chapter 6 KEKW
I take it Allsanity doesn't enable all 11 Rip Cheato checks
at this point the koopa leaves are in some ch6 vine
hate to interrupt the speedrun, but could you check if that ultra shroom respawns?
okay then. welp, f me
I can't believe Mario has to spin all the way to Bowser's Castle on a Saturday! All the way to Bowser's Castle!
that coin is special
I knew at some point I guess, but never really thought about it
guess it's for when you don't have items for the ice walls?
aboutta head out to the venue
my bracket is MegaMan into tux into brett
did you get pre bracket Wendy's?
we just studied the MegaMan
yes ohrocks I did
well I came in at a fun time
I needa piss and these people take years in the bathroom
aww I wanted the jacked lakitu to punt a spiny at you
also buff00n laid ass up on the couch and combo breaker made much more sense
Jesse sent a pic to smoov
he got more cake than he eats
In the seed I had earlier koot kept like 5 items so I had to complete that assholes favors
I keep getting late supper cycle
ok time to go waynerGoChimp
If your koopa leaf is in star haven I get vip KEKW
and if it isn't I get vip
THE ACURSED ONE RETURNS
LUL LUL LUL LUL
I wonder if there is a pokemon hack the dresses up the trainer as Lan
oh phantom, last night jameike joined the race. did the countdown 3 2 1, and left the call before saying "go" KEKW
did you hand in lyrics?
I tried to tellrigby but he wouldnt listen
don't need to shrink when I power bounce him for free
could've had Mega Rush for 2 hours
how did I miss Goombario
can you make sub 4?
goombario was given to him but I forget where
yeah in the lobby
and never even so the non-replenishing koopa leaf
12 hour challenge is next month
theme is you must complete every stage, nothing youd be interested in LMAO
when is yur marathon?
but what if you hit 400 followers by then 4Head
I was just memeing LUL
If only orange koopa
I don't but go ahead
power shock is always fastest
Mario applying the repel gel against his biggest hater
ggs run was a mystery
metroid prime is some cool stuff
did you see it?
now to make that draw consistent LUL
I am excited to see this start to finish
my ass will not leave this seat
I am also high as fuck rn
the other day I went to the store to buy treats from my pupper and and charity girl stopped to ask me if I liked children, I responded with a firm "Hell No!!" Then I let her talk about her thing for 20 seconds and I but in with... you just saw me walk out of petco. Ask me if I like dogs next time. Then I left OMEGALUL
thats funny axl LUL
wish I could race but at least I can watch, which means I won't be playing this seed lol
@PerMitzi I try to please
I probably wont talk but I'll still be here lurking
I talk enough to make up for the lurkers KEKW
who u think is the better snake shogun or mvd.. or apollokage
really I thought shogun would be slightly.. he just doesn't go to alot of events
everyone knows phantom 5800 snake is godlike top tier he just stop playing.. lol
not even the bot likebuster only
I would join but I cant even play pape rn
Imagine starting a race without mitzi axlsenS
Komari says, Agumon's right, it's a bad category Kappa
I believe in trnarrw
blue screen of death
lurking lost 2 50/50 3rd encounter was 2 mets and trnarrw and got rflctr
you hate to see it
I love skipping lp
didn't expect you to join another glitchless* race, how come? just feeling like it?
laki jumps are, I think?
yup, bubble berry tree and tubba table
geyser skip, tubba quick escape ..
@PerMitzi I see Mitzi is getting lost in Jade Jungle again LUL
Good Luck to phantom and nobody else 4Head
oh and artifact jump is also allowed for some reason
I forgor to gamble
volt shroom is faster than letting them atk you
what does whacka's bump taste like?
I knew it was 30 but this is a race afterall
Hi Phantommm, it's Brett <3
only berries and only tree or bush?
not a big deal but would be a nice QoL if when you picked up a star piece it showed your total count
poor lurking, couldnt get anything going
bn games be liek that
I think in almost every rando ive done, I have trouble finding the pulse stone
wow this rando REALLY wants to give you blueberries
that fuzzy is literally the worst
he rudely logged off my account on my laptop
Was that a red berry at whale screen?
mhh the logic implications
I think that's the earliest Ultrahammer + Ultraboots in logic I've seen so far
I guess. still odd
you can't early ruins as you break logic, but you can ruins jump to break logic?
In before Parakarry on pokeys
Is it alarming that I'm finiding you trading star pieces at 1:13?
Oh hai Magical Seed 3
I don't think I've seen you do a PM Rando seed where money has been an issue before
That looks vanilla to me
I meant the scaling
Is this like a community weekly?
You know Goombario is next, right?
LUL LUL LUL LUL LUL
Nah, calling logic is just a normal day for me
gotta bounce, gl on the rest!
I'm betting Chapter 3
So much the better
I got a dragonite
It was my 6th shiny dragonite I dont need it lolol
I think the seed is trying to tell you something KEKW
Buff00n keeps muting your tab
He hates you I think
I got my pic with EE I have nothing else I want to do there
Unless I wanted to hug hbox and get 27 illnesses
Sounds like a great idea
Also I'm playing cloud for the secondary now
brb quick cley is here uninvited
yo, just had a perfect cloudman fight
I just came off my Echoes Rando tourney match and that was bad too. An early-game item was flat out deleted from the logic
He wants to talk to you
What did quizmo do
Ugh, and Lunar Stone and Bean only lock bosses so they can be just about anywhere
My brother is sending me out to get food when I'm still covid positive
THATS WHAT I'm SAYING
The audio is delayed slightly
that happens to me all the time, just pause and unpause
phantom, do you wanna be famous?
Eldstar Star Storm is cursed
I said what I said
haha ty it's ok
how can I explain the sound?
I don't know how haha
think this is a reasonable explanation
Revenge of the convenience
and hopefully he gives peril after shield turn lol
oof, if I close the stream but have pop out chat open I dont get channel points
this isn't too bad tho, it's 9 less damage than what a good phase 1 would have
since ideally he starts at 66
Ive been watching on bros pc not logged into twitch with pop out on mine
probably gonna have to double repel but yeah should be fine
never in runs lmfao
I don't blame you lmfao
grabbing snack for this
learning more colonel today
darkmega is be providing content
I got 3 antidmg with shadowman then got wrecked by airhoc KEKW
I used to watch sparkle run that, then ironmon happened axlsenWut
no different than watching shiny hunting
I stumbled on a speedrun I never saw today
arkham asylum, top runs are barely just over 1 hour. The idea for 12 hour challenge is there but prob wont
gl on the run and congrats on the PB
what not trying for 3:00? lol
my 3:02 hits a minute optional so I kind of have to go for it
also just me being dumb in that moment
found eevee on mercari for 15 bucks
we fuckin died from laughter last night
omg... I just now realized the song is called Staying Alive
for the past 30 years I thought it was "Stay In The Light"
surely I'm not the only one....
they were literally saying stay in the light!
I come into the kitchen: MVD TacoGuyy and Brett are dead cuz they came up with "ice-clussy"
"DMs. DMs, DMs DMs."
damn he just repeats
got a 4:08 despite full clearing
so it was pretty good lmao
koot foiled my plans again
had to do up to glasses
yeah I only double dipped 3
and 7 I guess if you count snowman gifts then ice palace later
I technically double dipped 2 for the check past 4th key
because I spent a while looking for last seed
wait, I double dipped 4 because lantern ghost had my seed.
but those double dips were very quick
winding path had every good badge
power bounce, all or nothing and dodge master
I've always done that
because I always liked the +1 catch and not requiring a fast ponyta spawn for a fast route 17
wr strats weren't wr stats when wr was made
I found a new place to keep phantombot quotes
just whisper them to it KEKW
It was outspeed by Golbat so I think - speed
yet you can still PB because Alexa still loses you a minute 30
were you minus atk
ooga booga there's some spooky ghosts in my Pok'mon game
I just woke up right now
but it's called Let's Go Pikachu, not Let's Go nothing
Pewter Crunchies for people with the Pewter Munchies
thats the one risk of arcanine
Its fast so things might not pop up in time to see
game said no wtf?
8ball says... very likely in a future yet to be seen.
have you been in the PSR discord the last few days?
what was it I didn't catch it
so we learned the actual catch formula so there are going to be minor reroutes to get more great balls
wtf is a toejam and earl?
besically player 2 will have GBs as well for RT and on route 17 used Ultra and Great Balls
still true but I'd rather have the consistent catches
I made spreadsheet for it already
but my reroute only grabbed one item. actually cooking rn cant get to it
did you type in the cp?
I killed with every rosa move
those are just LV 10 bots
It took me 2 hours to find a ness for down b...
Thats what I'm saying
I have no idea
I memed a steve until 360 and killed with down throw
Hey it's a 62% chance, there's still hope in this run
odds got slightly better
It's RNG manipulation stickshamGaslight
Work shift is short as fuck but I still dont wanna go
I never said that is was this Pikachu that's just bad
just saw this emote
I have most of my favorites on shortcut
I don't see what emotes get added every day
HypeLUL HypeHeh HypeDoh HypeYum HypeCheer HypeShame HypeOoh HypeTongue HypeCool HypeHands2 HypeHide HypeHands1 HypeLove1 HypeEyes HypeFail HypeRage HypeDerp HypeSleep HypeScream HypeNom HypePat HypePopcorn HypeHai HypeSquawk HypeSus HypeAwww
where is the smooch split
where's the rename split reward
you could rename the reward to 'break my splits'
I posted so many weed marios in the group chats for doubledown
especially the angry one
The angry one I just poorly drew on \ / eyebrows
I'll draw angry Weed Mario on my way to my cousin's place today for you Taco
I think it broke
and I ask myself why I haven't finished the art I'm working on
ok time to work kazamsCatglubhat
I was just going to say you should tell them you got that
We did not go to the venue on day 3 whatsoever lol
We stayed home and vegas people showed up
Played a while with grandmaster and him and brett dirty talked in friendlies
ok now I leave tacogu1Leave
hopefully I'll plan better for next major
I don't care about the game too much, I just care about seeing people that are "fake real" but will get to confirm that they're "real real" (REAL)
If this yellow rat said "wahoo" said some gibberish, and wore a blue hat with Pac-Man on it, I'd care a bit more
why's his name Blue if he's not a the color Blue?
I've been conditioned to Blue so hearing Green makes me confused
you were lurred in false sense of hope
alright I gotta head out but I'll be back when I'm on the bus
gl on the run, late misty?
did you miss excellents?
oddish broke out of an excellent?
oh, that makes sense
nothing on rt 2?
oh, I would have caught it still
honestly I would reset now, unless you get a super big
what's you're mashing tech?
of course it went to ad break as you were explaining
yea I'm back, a just heard thumb covers everything
I do index on LR, right thumb a, left thumb b
how tall are you?
ah, so yea big hands
oh I use my left thumb to move on right joycon too
oh no, I never wrote notes for that
no that was plus
It was 16 sp. atk at lvl 6
It goes 14 -> 15 if nuetral
plus atk goes 16->17
yes you should bumps the percentage of catch up 12%
Idk if you play Sonic at all, but Tails in Sonic Advance 3 has a butthole and you see it within 10 seconds of loading the game
whats good my guy?
I just just put 4 msgs in komaris chat thinking I was talking to you
I had komari pop out chat over your chat LMAO
I was saying the CT started this year, and around summer of last year was last time I touched it
oh yeah 12 hour challenge pushed me away from lets go
I did astral chain
well add them to yours
I want to make a time table for learning games
I dont have to follow it exactly, but just to have a general idea of what I want
now you dont have to get them later
yeah you can skip magmar KEKW
I hate I went to all the work of making a lets go layout and only streamed 2 "learning" streams
but that was my first 16:9 game
Ive never seen sandshrew in the wild Kappa
It's enough to OHKO Starmie though guaranteed
33-34 5/16 35-36 10/16 37+ 100%
you need to arrange the ranges
missing it is basically a reset
oof, komari is on his 10th attempt.Its now or never
well that was quite the time save
10 attempts and he got a trnarrw K OMEGALUL
leaving seaside with a 19:27,not happy about that but playing the actual game is fun LUL
go to the bathroom "oops I forgot to split" Kappa
we are talking about getting a PB but hating the run so you dont split at the end lol
how dare you bismrich the doggo by comparing it to Arbok
y'all got any more of them drugs?
I missed it, wtf did you catch to give a ton of levels?
ah, I thought that might have been the case, but wasn't sure
My Starmie died on Dragonite today so that was fun
well executed you finish post Blaine in 1hr 1 min
that is with same strats
dasb and ninetales do
but youre not in range
There is a way to make your pokemon good that you simply don't do
Sway starmie would just win
BUT YOU GOT ONYX
wasthere even a reason to include mega stones?
I just want megas back in actual games
I want mega banette back
Yea megas for pseudos or legendaries was dumb
But like for mawile and things like that was hype
oh wait! they needed to make the game easier
mega absol was like the angel of death LUL
Are you excited for the kirby game that is just ball fall guys
oh UK gets it that cool I guess
what about me tho?
That's just the one that was on my TL
RF5 on pc tomorrow tho
that's the big release
when is xeno 3
So might end up getting another room at 2dcon
There's blazblue so jibca is coming the whole weekend
And we want to bring jaemi
So that'd be fucking 8 in the current room if buff00n shows up LOL
battle network 5 bugs
meant to google search on trez
I am going to fight this fucking bot
I love laI's note emotes says "hot take"
I think buff00n is more likely to show up after this game list got shown tho cause they have 3rd strike
yeah you have to hover over it with ffz to read it
I open coneys chat and the first message says "Open those cheeks"
It has rained with terrible winds 3 times today and gone back to being perfectly clear
11/16 range on dragonite let's go
I had 131 sp atk earlier it was glorious
Coneys kid came in and the whole chat wants her to PotFriend
Are you gonna pb with this terrible ass starmie
I did miss that range earlier, but I cleaned it up with Rapidash just to preserve Eevee PB
yea 8th, 9th, 10th on the eevee board is going to be 3:05:01, 3:05:02, and 3:05:03
lol, the scariest Hydro Pump ever
who broke the egg
how tall is it?
Both Morph and M4 are live
wait is that a positive nature for spattack too
weedMario 0 SpAtk IV
weedMario 0 SpAtk IV
weedMario 0 SpAtk IV
weedMario 0 SpAtk IV
omg power wash simulator has an update
I watch that game like a hawk when it comes to updates
of course I want to powerwash more things
I have 41.9 hours in it
just waiting to wash more things
joycons not your style?
y I k e s
tho I have smaller hands so it probably wouldnt bother me too much
Would you believe me if I told you this is the first video I ever see of this game?
this game needs to update faster goddam
you know what else is a good game. House Flipper
THERES A NEW MAP YAAAAS imma wash
I am loving those remixes
did you remember to pay your speedrunner union dues?
good idea or not?
streamer I was watching it in their overlay
that's how I found it
just saying how I found it
could try asking Wartab about it
oh duh! you know how to do that stuff LUL
yeah, I saw the guy link you
haven't touched bn5 today so need to get on that
well, I need to go home first
I need to finish playing BN3...
and Jeny wants me to do MitzI's rando with her
bn5ds is so bad tho
folder edits are fucking God awful
you swap chips with touch
you'll love navi change
basically you can have copies of your team Navistar follow you and aid in fights, you tap you do a navi change. they can randomly jump in for combo atks AND team navis have their own simplified navicust
It's really cool for pvp tho
And you have team attacks whenever the leading Navi switches while in Full Synchro
also you can only have 2 navis at a time
Well 3 with Megaman
and in liberation you get transport chips. so if you play colonel you can swap knight for magnet for the rest of the mission
You can swap Meddy in for ToadMan Kappa
It had some cool idea but the damn menus were aweful
also it take 30 seconds to save EVERY SINGLE TIME
Don't remind me xD
my gba file of colonel got wipe
I think Diamond was my second most played Pok'mon game
and if you have a wiped cart you auto get bass cross on DS with the double slot
@Axl_Sensei BassCross is pretty good
no you get it!
so I have free bass cross
It came to X Dive recently, and I was shocked at how faithful it was to the movie and the game
Intended is you need bass icon on gba
I think Capcom did the most with the GBA slot on the first DS
After Nintendo of course
movie is super fun, Lan and megaman do PA infinite Vulcan to break thru a firewall
that's right, Kojima is nuts
Right, Konami had some stuff with Lunar Knights and Castlevania
I know having Aria of Sorrow in while playing Dawn gave you a ring and a Mina doll appears in Yoko's shop
OMG theres ANOTHER level
I'm living my best life
I washed some big ass statue and now I get to power wash a nasty boat
okay I'm back, anything stupid happen?
oh yesterday went really good
had fun with laichan
went to a driver range in orlando
expensive as fuck too
between driving, food, alcohol it ran us 170 bucks axlsenCoward axlsenS axlsenWut
but I didn't have alcohol cause I had to drive G
next time I'll call Mitzi to be my designated driver OMEGALUL
actually as far as streamers/discord lurking is the closest
we actually met at gdq 2020
pasta is too long sadly
Why do I have to DD? D:
Alcohol may be nasty but with enough peer pressure I will consume it
how else could I trust while intoxicated
We can just use an uber Kappa
Uber for 1 hour driver axlsenS
actually maybe not, Florida drivers would scare poor mitzi
they should be scared of me
) I drive with one foot up on my seat
how do you reach the clutch?
I dont know hwo to drive stick
I keep forgetting you have that roll emote
oh ym god this boat I'm power washing is huge
camp4r has a roll emote but she's holding up a bag of zenny lol
I dont think so
Mitzi has a yacht POGGIES
I know nothing about boats
absolutely not I hate boats
Mitzi take us on a boat ride fifiShy
lakes and oceans are scary soup and boats go ON the scary soup.
S C A R Y S O U P
Jeny you can have the keys, I will stay on solid ground here with mitzi
yes Jeny can go on the boat without us have fun~
I went fishing once and I have not fished since :) what does that tell you?
Let me bring y'all fishing. I'm a pro
If anyone can make fishing fun it's Jeny sign me up
you have to put bait on my line, you can't pay me to touch that shit
but I dont wanna go on a boat
falling for youngster Timmy fifiBad
my god youngster timmy is a menace
someone call his parents
YEAH ground his ass
Come on streamer! I've seen better gameplay in an IGN review. Cheer100 Cheer100
I'm gonna save the rest of this boat for when I'm high
save it for jade jungle
cause high me will appreciate cleaning this boat more LUL
oh my god LUL
LuL Pikachu has its priorities. The berry first
food THEN wherever that draft is coming from
"oh hey, I found this hing in your hair"
you know I wish the rivals were actual rivals and not friendly. Like BE MY ENEMY
I dont want to kiss my rival correct
that sounds like hell
I wanna kick him in the shin and take his pokemon
show em how a real trainer would treat them clintNo
thank you axl phanto274Jam
phanto274Jam phanto274Jam phanto274Jam phanto274Jam Axl thank you!!!!!
one of my faveee jam emotes phanto274Jam
my favs are rischJAM phanto274Jam komari1JAM argickJam
now kick him in the shin
yesterday I got a kirby game!!
Ooooh Axl that's cool
phantom I'll give you a hint
Its a kirby game not played on nintendo
If nintendo is gonna do physical rewards for us collecting points the least they could do is pay for shipping. How much could it b to shipping a fucking notepad!?!?
THE HOTTIE THOTTIE WITH A NAUGHTY BODY!!!
I shared a dank meme in Jeny's discord LUL
I just saw that now Axl lol
Lan, are you... drinking hydrogen peroxide? It says H202! That means it's the sequel to water!
I really hope the bn collection has new humor
I feel like usually the pokemon are spawning like crazy in caves
whats going on game >:(
just saw a thumbnail titled "kirby isnt made by nintendo" and I'm like, "I cant believe kirby was made by the company shown at the beginning of every single kirby game."
lurking said he got trnarrw on his first fight
I went to his vod
he missed a counter 3 times
the 1 counter he did get raised it to rank 5 KEKW
at least thats my head canon
or it could be melmetal
youtube short: top 5 rarest n64 games - "Do you have any of these?" Me: yup, on my everdrive KEKW
whats a good sky gauntlet? sub 1:20?
what if it was 9% chance that it fails?
you have bad luck with lures
It's a good way to get used to the new controller
you race I'll drop 5 subs
@Axl_Sensei do I get the same offer? COPIUM
phantom, thanks for not calling my buff, I gifted 10 to Jeny last night LUL
I might not even join the race LUL
jameike, risch and lurking might tho
where is the game over audio from?
Ive never actually asked lol
Phantom Board go crazy
I've never heard of that SpongeBob game in my life
lurking likes the idea of cutscene skipless runs, so I told him to go first
power shock final bowser!!
bot being a chad
did I tell you about the bn collectors edition idea I had?
It would come with 1 key item from each game. bn2 would be a bottle of whiskey LMAO
key items my guy
bn3 would be the hidden key item from number trader
but legit, it would be cool if they included a physical Lan's headband
I'm thinking of bn1 items and only thing that comes to mind is squirt gun
bn2 whiskey bn3 dads asprine
yeah, bn3 has 81 items but most are data
like the undernet ranks
sounds like that would cost me a lot of channel points KEKW
I could do it blindfolded
we have needle from shellgeek axlsenCoward
theres a needle PA too
BN2 could do the balloon item lol
bn4 can come with a shovel!!
It took risch 4 runs to get to central 2 LMFAO
I have a dalus clip I think you like
still using the hit box?
risch's time is just 3 minutes ahead of you, its basically a race!
YOU FORGOT KEY DAYTA OMEGALUL
he missed trnarrw 50/50
and then missed the 1 in 6 getting refltr
risch only has 1 more hour of resets in him
pc kept going to sleep while I was waiting on emails, so I played one of your youtube vods to keep it active
It wasnt logged into a youtube account so dont know if it counts LMAO
seed 49, that shit was trash
you started with bombette
you couldnt do panels until you got ultra hammer lmao
megaman be zigging and prog be zagging
first run past diveman today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
told risch we got a 35:45 diveman "its not an 'aweful' run" 4Head
you have to consider...
he thinks youre using the hit box Kappa
I have been ok
I have 4 days off work because my station is being quarantined
bruh... if you saw my webcam during your heatman fight....
I took 3 test and they all got negative so I am good
I was legit rocking back and forth laughing OMEGALUL
Its better for me to clip for risch then just tell
also clip ran out at turn 3 selection so didnt see it in turn 4
Its better that way
you said slot 234?
tomorrow I'm going home for half the day so I can actually stream
komari wants bn5, but I havent touched pape in a while
I could do either bn5 is only to numberman rn tho
he just made a comment about your clip
Need to go lay down as I'm a bit tired, but hope you get and draw TrnArrow this time rischSmile
ASMR [Another Shitty Megaman Run]
one thing youll love about bn2, there is only 1 "talk to everyone"
Its in scenario 3 at the square
shadow is 3 in bn5 got those mixed up
just to be different/
bruh... these title puns I have in my notes LUL
scenario 2: Mining For Trouble - This Comp Rocks
80% change of Being Cloudy
the clouds in oran and scilab net
Journey to the Center of the Undernet
Ive seen fatkid die to that fight
Mother just called on the phone, "What are you doing all day?" thats not me, thats twitch lol
with bn5 I'm having to break habits
like holding start to skip cutscenes, stretching sneakruns [step counter doesnt reset like I'm used to] and pressing select to skip cutscenes
also I found out why I kept soft resetting
yeah, I map start to L so I can hold start and B for running
I'm confirmed for let's make big moves are u going to it.. say yes
Jan 6 and 8
u have plenty pf time
so apparently I had a power button mapped next to select LUL
most of the rockman.exe sound box is in japanese but someone song titles are in english like Surge of Power!
but I can read the titles that are in katakana
like with bn5 the boss music is literally pronounced Powerful Enemy but it takes me a minute lol
I mentioned the name bidwar to george for the popup event and he already said to just give him names to put since they can't do the usual thing
So I think I'm in the marathon lol
I should prolly start practicing windwaker but I also just grabbed hitman 2 for 10 bucks on steam
I wanted to get all of them but the site only had a cheap code for 2
so I will just wait for more sales
Cause I already played all of them I just want it on pc
and 2 is the best one anyway
Yakuza goes on sale constantly
I also already donated a bit to the gorescue tiltify since they already put it up
bidwar save the goombario or kill the goombario
people are actually considering N1GP%for bn3?!?
You can also just randomly be handed him
so you can't kill him always
why not have a gutsman% then
reset and get it
PET% time when Lan picks up his PET LMFAO
not with that attitude
Its fine, cause bass is pretty difficult that early on
at least I'd assume its hard
the thing for me is if its a short run it needs skill for me to validate it
or some kind of tech
what do you think of bn2 drop the bass?
Someone came into wariocord and asked how to beat zard as d3
bass isnt even hard just run heatball LMAO
do you know how the ball chips work?
Its a slow moving projectile and when hit it absorbs the dmg and once it makes it to the end or hits an object it explodes doing the dmg to each panel on that side.
I'm glad there wasn't a gamble
also remember how busted dash is?
It can destory it LMAO
why is hitman 2 almost 40gb
I have 500 down I was confused why it wasn't installed yet and now I understand loll
Megaman Attack% time when Megaman hits Sunayama!!
I did a soap cake once and felt so unsatisfied
mostly for me it was, "hey ive learned to chapter 4, lets do a soapcake... okay never doing that again"
IL? is that like a segmented run?
NeonWhite I think already has segments for each chapter
And IL's are just displayed in game
persona speedrunners would like to have a word with them
I've watched 6 P5r runs
It was a lot of hours of content
I'm more into vanilla P5
I think the current WR for fullgame is 45 minutes
The only IL I've grinded is the one I have top 15 for
The rest I just wanted the medals
I want to get back top 10 for that level
But it kills my wrist to grind that shit
The first second of the level I have to do 3 precise flicks
someone uploaded some videos of a "bn1 ss wr speedrun" that is supposedly 1:27, but there's only video up to the stoneman fight, and they can't find anything else and they are discussing how suspicious it is
Sometimes the floatiness feels annoying in that game but in levels where you have to hit flicks like that I appreciate it because I couldn't handle more LOL
nah, the link is locked. I dont even have access to it.
opinion of stream teams
I used them a long time ago but its pretty useless now
MN smash twitter is just everyone fishing for DN jokes now and I am no longer going to respond to anyone
you hate to see it
last atk being a counter hit
do you know how to say fish in Japanese?
yeah, sakana deez nuts
Phantom I just talked about DN jokes and not responding to people
Now you've been had
@RuneRavenFP you gave me the idea Kappa
you will never recover
hey phantom, go to google translate, punch in fifty ten hull and have audio say it in french
or you could just try to say it here... cinquante dix coque
komari forget dark mega fights, these heatman draws is where its at!!!
Its content, but only for us
stop posting my credit card numbers
I wanna see if my birth date gets you anything
what if EguchI's birth date is a hidden lotto code?
could be 16111978, don't know how the Japanese write dates
also I feel that, I also listen to audio cues for lotto codes LUL
Evo is doing restreams rn and there's xrd on and I fucking hate fausts throw
@Komari_ doesnt work in bn5 sadge
He just makes you sit there so long and you just have to accept it
and then he licks you
He just does stupid shit but it's a genuinely top tier character lolll
oh, now that the bn collection is happening I should prob unban the word collection from my chat now KEKW
If it's in healwater that's good enough
I put on multiple write in slots for the strive survey to add more specials
I will get my pin back
we got tired of hearing that topic day in and day out
Depends on what they add for the specials they pick
If they give me back secret garden I would also take that
"what does this chip do?"
Holy shit the top 8 for the evo they're showing is 7 jp and 1 us player LUL
"WHO IS THAT?! WHERE DID HE COME FROM!?!?"
It was on that encounter
cause I wont let you forget KEKW
Man I miss having a good 6k
Strive 6k is so fucking ass
while you were waiting on your next draw I was admiring the sprite work on the flames from heatman's wrists
Xrd 6k was actually a good overhead and got disc and strive 6k is 28 frames and gets me a lustshaker :)
gonna let dogs out, dont do anything stupid
oh shit hitman actually installed when did that happen
Ima go shoot people
I wanna see you do the stupid stuff
there's only one grass you should touch
gotta get in on the HackJack memes
yosh, caught a Phantom stream
dog took a massive shit in my brothers room and pissed in there too
have you seen that clip
"Rockman Exe Advanced Collection" [Music player] Contains the BGM of all 188 songs used in the game! You can also listen to your favorite songs in repeat mode or set them as BGM on the gallery screen. Let's enjoy famous songs to your heart's content!
Or I could just listen on spotify LUL
first reply in japanese says... I don't know if it will reach the development department, but I would like to ask you to change the BGM after the final scenario.
I hope rockman unity sees it
I saw "BMG" wonder what this says 4Head
japanese players are asking for the same things as us. even pvp
How's the controller feeling?
Switching mashing techniques is always rough
Like, I can't mash well on keyboard at all
don't you play osu tho? Kappa
In hindsight, I kinda can mash on keyboard
Just not as fast as I can on controller in terms of pure speed
I did always think using a hitbox for BN runs would be interesting, especially for runners who already use keyboard
It seems too expensive for me LUL
Ash calling his pikachu "Pikachu" is like me calling my dog "Dog"... or would it be more like calling my dog "Shiba"?
Probably calling it Shiba, yeah
It is kinda weird when there are multiple pokemon all with the same name, at least in the anime
Gbeast 1 turn again?
Yeah... HeatMan's charge shot hits first and causes iframes sadly
The game told me to make a loud distraction
So I fucking exploded a car
and the guard I had to make move just didnt care and it was 10ft away
Stop with the "there is NO GLITCH" category crap. Anyone who uses a glitch to speedrun is lazy, sucks at gaming, and is not a speedrunner. Saying he "beat" BOTW is like saying someone won the Boston Marathon when their BFF picked them up in a car a mile in and drove them to the finish line. The only LEGITIMATE SPEEDRUN is where someone doesnt use a glitch. And, that one needs to label "SPEEDRUN FOR REAL MEN WHO DO NOT USE PUSSIFIED GLITCHES!!"
Warp whistles are CHEATING
why didnt you vulcan at the end? he only had 20 LUL
right here, sorry stream is delayed KEKW
kekw means I'm telling the truth
these fight remind me of metaruler streams lol
Hai hai. Speaking of copium. Yesterday was my birthday.
I'm older now. >:I
Or so I'm told.
I had chocolate milk. So, it was an okay birthday.
save 2 minutes? that means a run back LUL
did you check retro tag? Kappa
took 6 games for MegaMan/Hub to be able to hug his mum
look at this Rando Randy weedMario
time for the Rando sNeed
do something else if you want
I dont care as long as its cool
I like traps because its really funny when you talk to an npc and they just strike you with lightning
I'll make you start at Prologue
PhantoBot activated the spell card, Sword and Shield
Ive seen coinsanity seeds on yt
So glad to finally catch a stream! been binging your randos on YouTube. love your content!
do traps only spawn disguised as good items
Anti Guy is still looking like he's going to hurl
phanto274Shrug love this emote. l0l
In my personal opinion, on casual playthroughs, he's harder than bowser sometimes. but again, I'm very casual with this game. lol
can't wait to see another use on mystery?
have you checked star summit yet for the star pieces?
I was literally watching your randomizer from two days ago. I'm new to your channel and I'm quite a fan
@inoahhowtoparty same here! phantom does amazing! I'm quite a fan of his as well.
Is that a salktydkdan reference?
that's very convenient because I work full time during the week, so I'll be able to catch the streams on the weekend! win win!
I have no idea
should've used that mystery stickshamChaos
what's the worst that can happen?
that was honestly nerve wracking for me. lmao
I would've died 10x over. lol
Beeg Yosh gave you the world
odd key in a odd sNeed
a pure scam artist. lmao
scraping the bottom of the barrel
3fp mega bomb incoming?
Can the frozen pond in Ch7 be a progression item?
3fp powerbomb is good too! that's what I meant. not megabomb. lol
Pog I made it at the beginning
Mario breaking and entering
I couldn't wait any longer!
hopefully its arson guys
I DIDNT KNOW YOU COULD DO THAT
I've died to that big Koopa guy more than I care to share.
I first tried him xd
maybe because I didnt know about him until after chapter 7
place your bets chatters
Just got home from the gym, stomach feels like it's gonna eat itself. Gonna find something to munch on
fuck its mt rugged
this song has been stuck in my head for 2 weeks
my favorite song is toad town docks stickshamGaslight
I like general guys theme
what's the secret to beating those things disguised as rocks?
I always get ran into by them and haven't figured out how to beat them, so I always just run from them.
time to feed gourmet guy?
are you saying you're wanting to skip the best part of the game?
that is one of my favorite parts of this game. his reaction to the cake is so good.
but not after gourmet guy gets fed
are there any checks at Mario's house
the vanilla toy box experience
wait did you get rid of mystery?
The lad and chad
he's got some great Cardio to be running like that. lmao
If believe hard enough, happy flower can be a partner
Kris be spittin fax
flashbacks to when I accidentally solved the color puzzle without the note
so, in a casual playthrough, who is the best character to have in your opinion? like most useful I guess.
a friend gave me a good amount of her alcohol. This is AFTER I just bought some alcohol earlier
I've always relied on parrykarry with his shell shot or whatever.
buff00n go find some Hard Baja Blast
there's actually Seltzer Baja Blast that was made officially
@buff00n that reminds me I have some alcohol to give you
I'm waiting for a few friends to get back to me so we can go have some beers. lol. I need out of my house.
but I am also content right now watching your stream. so I'm happy either way. lol
you must be very excited! that's awesome to hear!
chapter 3 my beloved
this forest took me like an hr to get through casually.
I enjoyed this chapter a lot definitely my favorite
not a clue. lmao. but I did accidentally come across one of them I think.
keeping the mystery for memes? xD!
I really like that part where you hit the 3 switches
Idk why I just like it
are those panels in vanilla?
I know where all the hidden chests are in smrpg but thats because I ran what must have been like 50+ randomizers
Its open world like paper mario
get back in there goombario
I'll chat for this :)
Leavin the goat FeelsBadMan
SMRPG rando is a lot shorter than pm64
It's a lot of equipment searching, and that can lead to a few party members balling out of control
every boss is randomized and their stats scale to the area you fight them in
ffvi is pretty similar, yeah
and also every star piece is randomized so you could get one after hammer bros etc
but you need seven stars to beat the game
badges have been brutal in this seed andyRage
don't feed the YoshI's
LISTEN. The last map is really big I can only do like 10% at a time
I'm playing power wash simulator rn man dont scare me like that
a fellow power wash sim player
you love to see it
Its a GREAT game
SquareEnix's weirdest but best selling game so far
It's always the ultra stone
the dev is called, FuturLab
weird that Square of all people published it tho
Coinsanity is really fun in toy box/mt rugged and really annoying most other places
Ive played through so much of power wash simulator
I have the best washer and I have not used soap once because I'm not WEAK
you got all the magic sNeeds
I want MOLES I want MOLES
you instinctively picked that up like a moth to a flame
Imagine if you need bubble berry
I want the legendary moles coin
oh nice a tasty tonic you can give that to koopa koot
kill the crayzee dayzee too
they never hurt anyone
He's actively hiding from you
my last pm randomizer bombette had a 1FP Bomb
It started strong for you
the seed for the weekly async was pretty goated
just burn your console at that point
why does mario suck his thumb when he uses a drink item? does he slather the liquid he drinks on his thumb and then drink it? WHO KNOWS?
I lost almost an hour in the async yesterday because I forgot check :)
I still got a 4:16 funny enough
what is the function of koopas having shades in this game
How random has it been
we know in super paper mario they wear shades because theyre hypnotized
Thats not a good sign
bowser hypnotizes his workers because he doesnt want to give them a fair wage
It's a gang thing for sure
No laki and no parakarry thats a little
what do you mean by that
where do you want it?
do I leave Pie-os' message above it?
single white mom in illinois
that is so specific
personally ive never seen one so the bot could be right
so is the bot just random? or what is it there for? because that shit was hilarious. lmao
So that's how the Stanley Parable ends?
the bot is random
Hey look who it is
KEKW well that's convenient
oh hey I have that game
this seed is torture
hey bot, learn THIS
wait so you're saying that your bot... is an amiibo
co-op run, but I'm alone Sadge
20 years from now it will be known as unethical punishment
@rigby235 I feel that. lol
happened to me like last week lmao
If MOLES has million number of fans I am one of them . if MOLES has ten fans I am one of them. if MOLES have only one fan and that is me . if MOLES has no fans, that means I am no more on the earth . if world against the MOLES, I am against the world. I love #MOLES till my last breath
man hot cheetos are so good
I'm eating some rn
I dont like hot chips
hot things are the best
cheetos are meh. but hot cheetos are fine
Hot Cheetos/Lime Hot Cheetos are good when you don't put them in other things
my burrito will be crunchy
that sounds kinda fire
Burritos arent supposed to be crunchy tho
alright I'm leaving that's actually the last straw
kinda flaming hot, perhaps
I can understand chips on a burger but not a burrito
putting Hot Cheetos/Hot Doritos in regular food is wrong, it's as Shrimple as that shrimpsDrip
Oh have you had fat shack before?
let me just post one of their sandwiches
FAT DOOBIE' Chicken fingers, french fries, onion rings, mozzarella sticks & honey mustard
where's Tacoguyy when you need him?
If you think Cali sucks, don't go to North Dakota. lol. nothing to do here but drink.
FAT MAVERICK' Mac n' cheese, chicken fingers, french fries & bbq sauce
@PerMitzi That sounds nice af
all their sandwiches are wild
that honestly sounds delicious.
ew what did I just hear?
carbs are my best friend <3
All of that with no bacon sounds great actually
I think I'll just stick to pilk thank you very much
shit that fat maverick sounds great
OH how about this one
FAT GORBIES' Bacon, chicken fingers, french fries, cheddar cheese sauce, lettuce & ranch
I have no idea lemme check
Is this gonna be like one of your last runs and not find kooper until like the end? lmao
washington, oregon, nevada, colorado, kansas, texas... and more so no they are not colorado exclusive
I never heard of it but I'm in a far off country
on their website they have all their locations
all of their deserts are deep fried
200 S Jackson St Seattle, WA 98104
OH? I see fatshack in your future
I will sub if you find goombario
I will gift if you actually pick him up
goombario is taking some much-needed time off
they have deep fried oreos, twinkies, cheesecake bites, and chocolate chip cookies
If Goombario has a million fans I am one of them. If Goombario has ten fans I am one of them. If Goombario has only one fan, that is me. If Goombario has no fans, that means I am no longer on earth. If the world is against Goombario, I am against the world.
hes been got got
a deal is a deal
rosie literally NEVER has anything good
I can't believe I spent 2 subs on Shrimpcam and PhantoBot
but they were entirely worth it shrimpsDrip
Why does the hammer make that sound
damn this seed really is bad
oh wow~! a rock!
I got a rock
kooper stuck in a tree poor guy
How many maple syrups do you need
just poor it down his pants
you can fit more that way
you should open the ruins
you're already here no? Kappa
you can trust mitzi with anything (except for anything related to splits)
Strange leaf? Thats uhhh
this guy really just pulls his friend outta the sand
like wow he was just chillin down there
wish someone would pull me out of the sand
2 more checks then ruins :)
trust me, I done this seed
Rigby has done every seed
I'm retired from speedrunning and rando is my retirement home
laki was in ruins Sadge
2CoolJonathan go get em
I had a seed once where I decided to glitch and laki was in ruins basement
so couldn't cheat ruins
turn that frying pan into a drying pan
OH MY GOD BoatRide
I once laughed at it for like an hour
where did you find the piss bucket?
Mario got away with murder
I havent seen any traps
I would like more please :)
I would like more please :)
If I didnt see it.. it didnt count
mitzi has to see it for anything to count
so you better hope she sees you grab the star rod or this rando is invalid, buster
that needs to be a quote
"I'm one damage short"
mitzi does not PikaPls
I have the power to watch
Imagine if you had the block that
same. blocking that is the g4eatest achievement one can have in pape
I'm back what happened
we added a quote thats what happened
you picked up goombario?
phantom didn't block monstar so we are peepoLeaving
he was exploring with Kolorado and got lost, obviously
did you check where the star stone is yet
good I wanna see the legendary item
yeah I'm gonna start doing that for that reason
this fight wouldn't be bad if we started with anyone other than kooper
but I'll mega shock the fight if I have access to it
yeah if you start with goombario the fight is leagues easier
It tastes like heaven itself
do I go buy a chicken sammich w/ fries and a shake?
O K A Y
I left for a few minutes, but did you get anything from the 4 or 5 items at the toads inn?
the keys man the keys
hey phantom! what did I miss?
I missed a lot then
did you get a chance to look at the big chest shuffle seeds
you would deprive an old woman of her trusty frying pan???
It is good item lol
officer it's this one right here
what if the pan gives tubba key so it quicker?
tubba key in boo is a trap
frying pan was clearly ultra stone
I would love if they could put traps in shops
YOU PAY FOR THE PAIN
I heard the hammerless start seed of the big chest shuffle test seeds to be quite painful, so maybe not that one
wAIT where was laki
... ruins? I knew it Kappa
I would've pinned it if I was able to lol
slow go spot would be ultra stone
or it would be slow go
It will be slower go
would be funny if you can buy a bomb from shop :)
not sure what's the issue with traps in shops, but clover said to not do it ... yet
or so I've heard
randomized star sprites when?
beating a boss should be a key item if they rando star
one suggestion that could work is decoupling saving star spirits from gaining star power
not like star power is that essential tho
It would be better if the card had goombario on it
If you do another seed can I change the settings up a bit lol
I saw rig do that
we should race a seed phantom. we haven't done that in a while and I'm willing to glitch
those seeds do have the race seetings as base thos
yo cats how are you
good and u :)
I'm doing alright. I might do a seed myself in a little bit so preparing for that
I'll try to hop by
no worries if you can't make it. I played the extreme async terribly yesterday so I want to redeem myself
phantom you forgot diamond stone!
no diamond stone was MOLES
did u save baby yoshis
what did u get
If u return a pan u will get a ultra stone :)
If not ultra it will prob be diamond stone bc u dont have it yet
mario likes the smell of the bed
y run? y not just use bow and hide until tubba looses mario
hes not dead yet
this is gonna be close
barely pulled that off
do u have mystery for bowser? it now a key item or u cant beat bowser
dont come crying to me when youre missing diamond stone
fishShy the fuck is this LUL
shy fish is shy
never seen it before lol
I owe everything to MOLES
I love block puzzle
Nice 1 FP Spiny Surge
Ima head out bc I got to do stuff
They could do with speeding up this a wee bit
hi I love pape how does randomizer work
oh youre at end game hallway
Is soft locking common?
gl with the runs clintThot
what hp does he heal
thats kinda fucky LOL
brain why not work
but yeah makes sense. its like a ratio
hopefully we dont get a 3rd heal lol
yup that's the one
they are not vetted except for "upgrades not 100% vanilla
wake me up when MOLES
last 2 seeds at moles :)
Uh, I'll have to ask Pronyo about stats
While he gave me a crash course on our server stuff ... he only gave me a crash course on our server stuff lol
so is big chest shuffle exactly what it sounds like
thats kinda neat I guess
probably more homeward shrooming lol
the hammers at MOLES
I think the hammerless seed has the highest required sphere count I've seen so far
Yeah I'm still waiting on it being required. But that needs oddkey and bombette and sushie early
opposite of last seed andyLUL
just for you buddy
colonel was a dumpster fire
reset 6 times just to get zenny for 1st hp memory
main comp didnt give me zenny for mine key
so I grinded gmd in oran
then I got to the mine key and was 50 zenny short lmao
dw nobody does lol
yeah the ones before the ultraboots chest
thats really cool boots and hammer is shuffled
Icebound and team doing God's work
It's testing seeds. not for the features itself, but for whether we want the sewers blocks gone or yellow or stone
so first hammer is anywhere?
okay so the bust could be super boots maybe
Welp, not partner starved this time
so if this is one of the pracctice seeds I should watch then LUL
I still haven't done 3 and 4 yet
When is the race again?
I'm planning on doing the race
If I'm home I'll do the race
Hmm, I might be calling a Majora's Mask Rando during that.
I wanted to do last week but I fell asleep
We're in qualifiers to our Season 3 tourney right now, yeah
need to getting ready, I'll be back within the hour
I want to get into more randos
since apparently I'm a rando streamer now
I'm slowly getting there
zelda rando are the shit
I wanna submit more randos to events. maybe do extreme rando next time
you should do DK64 rando OMEGALUL
z3 has an incredible rando
we need a BN rando that actually deals with logic. more than just the chips/viruses.
Its not open enough
Both Ori games have randos
I actually came from z3 rando. I felt the world needed more randos and joined the pape community then
z3 as in link to the past?
that's the best rando out there imo
z3 or oot multiworld are *chef's kiss*
I did a couple with the intent of joining tournaments once I got better but never did
I also have classic so I mostly use that
I've watched so much Andy's YouTube vods that it's like the back of my hand
I watched a lot of vods and stuff too, I just suck still lmao. I should give it another shot tho
One day I will have 69.42 million phantokens
Wow, early heavy weapons
Wait, I can actually read the game
Yeah it's usually in Japanese
Whoops, yeah the pouches are wrong, I'll have to adjust a local preset I use
Also, what the heck is up with Pape Racers and chests? Toad is showing his RAC like 10 times a week, now you're shuffling big chests
Pffft, I'd have preferred it
you're the first to notice tho
Also great pickup line: 'want to see me shuffle some big chests?'
that is always the case
one thing that's kind of meh with big chest shuffle IMO is that upgrades easily combo into other big chests
It gets spicier with hammerless start tho
can't wait for the first person to have ultraboots but still be hammerless lol
that diamond stone is fake I know where the real one is
yeah yeah, the wall is already removed in our base mod dev branch lol
you can full clear it partially
Lucky 3-0'd the greninja that esam lost to at combo breaker at this regional lol
Imagine thinking mii brawler is top 10 and then it does worse than a pplant
Loaf 3-0'd colorondo nice
Fuck that matchup lol
It's not bad because inkling can't fucking kill wario but it's just not fun
that is a good reward if you didn't know how to do glitches
That's a thing now?
Thirty4 is shitting on this falcon lol
why the fuck did they see him 13th
Ive never seen that
Man MN plays all top tiers and good chars but like
They didn't pick any fun ones >:(
Our best 3 players are olimar megaman and wario
The single person who picked fun ones was Violet and he plays joker/sheik
I actually enjoy fighting joker
He's an actually cool top tier and the shit he does besides occasional charizard back air without lag is cool
Pre down gun nerf
That shit was pain
He just got to land
and I had to say ok
Man lucky has a good chance to have to play the person he already lost to at the start of top 8
Plant falcon sounds painful
where did you shove that cake sir
play the slot machine :)
whoever made the tracker must suck they should fix that
Oh also if lucky and loaf win their r1's for top 8 they play eachother
that only happens a few times a week so it's a pretty fresh mu
why did I add it
I'm not gonna remove it
But I'm mad I added it
It's not like we're releasing the next version any time soon, so you're good
they made it themselves
why do people need to ask which twin is which their hair is entirely different now and lucky has facial hair
I return after a nap
but not before acquiring a chicken sammich
If you ever mix them up in person they will just go along with it tho
that is the most annoying sound
@buff00n get me one
If you dislike that sound don't raid jcog
you owe me a chicken sandwich now
2 months I go again
Although combo breaker WAS 2 months ago
MWSF is gonna be lit tho
It's a flip's chicken sammich, not a Wendy's chicken sandwich
We can get another 100 dollars of portillos
we can go even closer to close this time for maximum employee hatred
I don't understand loafs bike usage
He throws it to plat on purpose
where you can never get it again
that is still the one thing I have over loaf
I will just play RPS around my bike and enforce the range where I get + frames
loaf hit a waft string thas crazy
no let me look
I can look at his logs 1 sec
" Master does better than his dick for sexual purposes and I'm pretty sure it wants you there by now" I think that's enough bot logs for now
Flip's chicken sandwiches > Portillo's chicken sandwichs
that is similar to a single white mother from illinois
does coinsanity add every coin in the open world to the pool?
so is big chest shuffle shuffling them between each other or between all checks?
so like bushes and stuff are checks too then
I'm gonna try one out and wasnt sure what all was in
loaf added another clip to failbots bad waft compilation and lost to the mario he beat at combobreaker
no way he was moustafa the whole time
I'll br lurking HypeLurk
Whoever wins between kasmir and thirty4 just wins the tournament I think
Cause either of them shit on skittles
ages ago they said never =(
oh hey ice =P
It's not a development issue
It's a developer issue
yeah iirc you or someone else said that you guys didnt want it
some in the dev team really want it to happen, some really want it to not happen
I'm working on that ..
I'm crossing my fingers for the day =P
how else would you know the secret password
Time for lucky to play the same set he lost again
4123 is the passcode for 1-4 in sticker star
I think rando should randomize the bombette clones in ch7 :tf:
I want to take care of just my dog again
do you need to be in a certain state to laki jump
Why does falcon up smash
guess what happened phantom
I'll need to look ive been trying to learn more broken stuff recently
same frame and thats it?
My partner swap button is on the cstick because pj64 mapping is ass
So I can't do that shit LOL
ye ive seen the bubble berry one and just never knew it was so simple lol
Ive messed with clippy but dont really use it
might start after watching this temple lmao
lucky is planking this falcon with a 3 stock lead
Item menu in battle messes it up too?
can confirm from reading source code. very well programmed. immaculate even
oop arctice rolled into plant up smash
he died uncharged at 65 from the floor
Plant has DLC ass moves but then they're on plant
Imagine ganon nair on wario drift
kooper was a sacrifice to the volcano
He calmed it down and you made it erupt
he was looking for his shell
see look it's exploding now
and how would I know that?
thats what she said
extra money? Whats the enchange rate from coins to zenny?
man bingleton coochiesmith lost right after pools
they won a tripoint when I was in vegas I watched it LOL
It was on when I was just playing against buff00n so I put it on the laptop
Ikan was in the chat just saying his tag over and over
sees banjo is trending, "oh cool! what happened?"
Steve Martin does his banjo thing and gets 100k+ likes.
this song is screaming "smoke weed everyday (everyday)"
I'm heavily debating calling in to work tomorrow and not going
I've felt exhausted for the past few days and I felt lightheaded at work today
Yea I just always feel bad when I call in even if I do need it
Although I guess we were out of like any sale item today so the shift wouldn't be bad to deal with for whoever ends up going in
thoughts on speedrun survivor?
Cause at first I thought it was because I didn't eat then I grabbed a sandwich at work and still felt it so idk
oh you havent seen it?
the last person to PB on speedrun survivor gets kicked off the island
I ahve no idea what it is either I'm just saying shit
4thgengamer is hosting it
Is that actually what it is LOL
thats basically it lol
4 new runners with coaches
can I run pokepark
well of course! if its josh it HAS TO BE pokemon
when I went to gdq one of my friends introduced me to josh
And I said, "4thgengamer? So you speedrun SNES games?"
jr was in kent c koopa shell
just eat the egg
It will lower defense to -10
did u gib pan
u got 5 more checks from a scammer
It is a thing...
I will go get food also
Ok I got someone to cover me tomorrow now I'm gonna go pass out
7 bc snowman gift
no ultra stone 2x in a row
u could get it from gifts
goombario is a good gift
luigi is the real kooper
Its ruby king this time
did u beat black pit?
u need to go back to black pit and beat it
the ending is great
lil oink rando when lol
u would use it for 1 rando
never seen that glitch before
so the loading zone is always there?
found u from fatguy vid on yt into me searching rando on yt into me finding ur cahnnel and watching 10 randos and then going to twitch and remember to watch u
that nightmare seed vid with the 20k views tho
bad thumbnail = lots of viewers
when will the moment come when you pick up all the coins and star points from running
I'm here to bring back old memories...
u missed 1 when u ran
mario still likes the smell of bed
the boo's just have bad timing
wonder how they live... well live while being dead with that
If u edit videos u put on yt u will get more veiwers
bc I would watch every vid but it just takes to much time
yeah burning out is very easy
Is there a Daisy recolor?
Wth was that luck
when u can fire?
y is a goomba on ship?
we never had a goomba partner
check moles it gives an advantage in the race
Ive been right about moles 100% of the time
I just got behind on some house things so catching up today haha
are the seeds custom made for the race or do they generate them
I'm seeing chat stuff from last stream
@Phantom5800 I love moles
wait, how much FP for Bomb
to my knowledge ive never given any hints that I like moles
feeling fine badge :D
I feel like I know where they are now, it's having to do 5 jumps to remember EXACTLY where they are LUL
so with no hammer seed the bush will never have normal hammer cause super hammer is required to reach prologue
that sounds really rough
how dare you throw away that potato
where are the 4 seeds at in the discord?
@Axl_Sensei toad town, mt rugged, jade jungle, and forever forest
Is that just vanilla LOL
the key was in the lime tree
fuck you I was about to make that joke
this rat bastard stole the lime
make sure to get the red jar for koopa koot
now you can see hidden blocks
@RuneRavenFP I prefer the term stupid bitch
find some goodges then
what if that one merlow letter is required
was whacking whale added to the rando?
Not much, working on a new pokemon emerald hack
on my first playthrough when I beat chapter 5 I saved and then went to bed and when I got back on my save loaded at the docks before chapter 5 so I had to replay the WHOLE thing
so I hate fuzzipede
Yeah I made Kabutops and Aerodactyl their skeletal forms
Right now I'm working on making a mangrove marsh area
naming a fish sushie is like naming a pig baycon
thank you rip cheato
this is the best shop ever
coconut in a snowy area
I'm eating ramen so I wont talk for a bit
this is lip smacking good
why is that in the game
looking forward to bot stream
oh boy spear guys
everybody accidentally makes mistakes
they wouldnt be mistakes
popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat Pape Xopar Raid popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat
popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat Pape Xopar Raid popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat
popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat Pape Xopar Raid popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat popCat
Its all funa nd games until you last location jade raven for go mode Pepega
I had to bail before ch8 though because I have to go walk my dog haha, so have a good stream!
without spicy mcchickens because this state fucking sucks
So we're getting mcdonalds when I'm there at some point I hope you're aware of that
Idc what food options are there you've shown me I'm getting a mcdonalds trip at some point
Oh also there's a giordano's in minneapolis now so we could get deepdish at MWSF if y'all wanted to
Don't listen to jesse that place is mad good
go to 4 and do check Kappa
you wont you coward fifiYell
Ok the giordanos is 13m from the venue according to google
So that's a cheap uber if buff00n doesn't come and a short drive if he does
what did phantom ghost have?
I just realized I never paid for 2dcon yet so uhhh lemme do that lol
I made an account for the website but never reg'd lol
You already know who it is, its your boy ererere
none of those words are in the bible
Just some random vid thats in my head rent free
Hows the rando looking
He is a zoomer through and through
Brett told me I gave off "I'm sick and tired of everything and everyone" energy
After I ranted to him for like 40 minutes about that stupid fucking toy story poster
Jesse has been sending me toy story gifs since that
I kinda wanna do another ww run but I don't feel like practicing right now and I need to do door clip
So I'm just gonna play hitman
I tried to do no casualty runs the other day but then I wanted to get all locations on the map and got tired of sneaking
So I just started going around with a shotgun to speed it up
And the map was closed enough with rooms to not die for it lol
My dad got me honey mustard pringles from Israel
I havent tried it yet
I clicked on the bts stream and saw anathema just bounce around with nair gyro and omega's response was rebels guard in the corner
So they died at 10%
Why do you respond to robs kill confirm being mashed at you by going into the spot where it kills you
Ever since he learned he could use emojI's for titles he's been putting out bangers
He has atrioc doing it now lol
Catglub is still like my favorite emote
kazamsCatglubhat he even gets a millia hat
Ok time to be a sneaky guy in hitman until I get tired of going slow and start using the loud shit
Also rune factory gave me multiple fucking cecil cards and fuuka cards and they could've literally given me any other chars and I'd be happy
Just gave me the 2 fucking chars I dont like
I don't even need a scarlet one just give me any cards that's not fucking cecil
pretty delayed pow block you asked for eh?
Forced double-dip chapter 6 KEKW
who gave you editor bot
we need to take that away that's too much power
yeah learning that fortress skip has made chapter 1 a joke lol
he's going to add more fresh
until something is in it, then it's not so funny
The record was in chapter 3 datrut1Pog
Damn fucking broke his ankles
key at moles :)
I'm 2 for 2
hands havent bothered me in awhile so trying bn5DS
starting protoman with bass cross
oh, I forgot they redid the aspect ratio
lan's sprite looks smaller to me, but I do play emu so it would be diffferent I guess
oh no, the hunt for the last fortress key
oh nice, so I get triple buster, +200Hp, super armor, but -2 megachips
quoting m4 from the discord:
I missed a magical seed or boo portrait (not sure which) and after looking for it for what felt like an hour I just didn't want to continue bc it wasn't fun
m4 forgot about snowmen gift and couldn't find the seed from there
this seed is mean. playing all nice with an early ultra stone, and now this
I got 3 stones on goomba king
went to get frozen custard with a friend, which morphed into also going for a walk with their dog and grabbing a burrito
well 25fp is kinda nice
I just noticed that haha
I need my 3 stones come on
all the worst checks had something of value, and the whole multi dipping left and right at the start, geez
before scilab visit I have 360 HP what is this!?
I don't recall, where was it
great metaphor for the seed, I agree
also ultrahammer before superboots is nasty
I'm all of a sudden not so sad I missed this week's race lol
also getting storeroom key from mt rugged, to get parakarry in the storeroom to enter ch2 lol
would cheating have helped much here? The fortress key hunt, sure, but else?
Where was KBF Key 4?
jade raven was prolog
If it makes you feel better about this seed, rigby lost a life shroom to goomba king lol
Wow, you 4 got up quick
you were both searching the last kbf keys until last
this guy won't die
oh I got an 8 cap on final lmao
granted I had dodge master
ohh right phase 1
I got double 4 phase one
Hmmm, anyone else see something wrong with that tracker?
I'm not ready to watch this again
Just messing with ya
and it has started lmao
can't fire myself really
You know, it makes sense. Megaton Hammer can break bombable rocks, so Bombette breaks hammerable trees
especially not on the playroom tree
So remember when I said earlier how I'd like to see altered item models for traps? For feeling fine, they need to open the eyes to make it look like the awesome face.
the worst is muscle memory of hammering items and then just standing there staring at it instead
you get more opportunities to appreciate your partner's abilities :)
"who needs friends if you have a hammer"
no bomb hitbox, nope :)
that was just the vanilla lyrics with extra steps
I wish I had sick colors for kammy
that could become useful
I would lie if I said I've never seen someone upgrade goombario in a rando, but ..
If I have ultra stone, I'll do it for a charge/bounce subsitute on huff/ck if I dont have the badges
and I did it on hammmerless for the same reason phantom did lmao
truth be told, I was refering to the vod of your stream of this seed rigby lol
objectively the right choice to upgrade goombario in this seed I guess
Sushi is just showing how frighteningly slow no hammer is
just you wait for the no boots start where you can't even jump
You just need Sushie for Volcano hammer, right?
I mean, considering we're not doing US raph skip, you'd also need hammer
for the jungle logs
ah. could've meant laki for the lava
You only need one key for chapter one right?
And chapter one tends to be early in logic too so you normally have at least one key by the time you can actually do it
have you completed a run today?
oh nice how'd that go
@spagettd and it was literally for KBF small keys
I still havent seen a full randomizer run so idk how tedious it gets LUL
It's "Tedious: The Setting"
Just for the added challenge? spaget3Hmm
I warned ya, the seed is something else, even if you ignore the lack of B
In challenge do you mean challenge of patience, because that is all it really seems to do
haha I guess thats true
Important, but not useful
I see where this is going
ttyd has a randomizer too or not yet?
there's a few randos for ttyd, but not of the "logic open world" kind
Mario was a big strong man once. Now he is flat as fuck.
TTYD has one but it's not like this
ahh okay, it's not at this level yet
the ttyd randos are pretty good IMO, they just go for something different
It's more like item randomizer and not key items from what I remember
one is for random pit of 100 trials, and one if for chaos entrance rando
Anywho, imma lurk myself to sleep. Have fun psykitPsycho7
Hammerless means we have to do this boss
hammerless means this boss is out of logic lol
Kaizo Paper Mario when. Partners die forever LUL
have you done ch3?
I just took out a 20 person squadron with some soda cans
I don't know what else it could be
and nobody saw me
You can still do record with glitches right?
It's just not in logic though
oh? not a fan
I havent been paying attention
42 minutes in and only that is telling
What are the other checks after this? Calculator and then what?
Maybe just do it later? For your sanity
And that wasn't even in logic
the last remaining check is behind tree near volcano, isnt it
@Icebound777 There is another...
So that means tree near volcano HAS something right?
Or not, but still worth to check
I really hate that we have situations where you can lock yourself out of useful glitches
I did all that work with my stash of soda cans just to chuck a bomb at the target and run away
Oh that's fair, and that couldn't have given laki anyways
nobody saw me still tho so I'm still a stealth god
You can also check Parakarry, you skipped a letter
You definitely did skip a letter
What letter was skipped?
It's on the beach
That's not good though?
And you can't even get to the other letter right?
hammerless might be less painful with gear upgrades in the item pool, but you could still get seeds like this
The Weight could have been good depending on how the Big Chests are shuffled (because that's also a setting)
Sushi didn't even give any progression either
found shrek movie under speedrun tag - was from me, sorry guys
honestly I'd just be happy to know where the seed wants me to go
That's sad if they made you get the Yoshis for progression
why cant you get pb?
you need a hammer? guess I should know that lol
Well now hidden blocks are in logic if that means anything
uh, tbh I can't recall trying that
Back to Chapter 3 YEP
You can get the Super Boots check too, right?
No you need weight for that
I'm finally giving in and I'm gonna buy FE
I didn't like DNF so I refunded that so I have extra for it
They wanted you to not have fun with this seed huh
may I requrest a short, one sentence review of this seed in the discord afterwards? lol
what happens if you leave through the panel when those nerds come out
If that was ultra boots
yo hammer one hour in let's gooo
you have goombario you already won
There's a seed go tear it apart with the hammer
what's the fp on the quake badges
holy shit I saw mario strikers on the eshop and I like
Entirely forgot that shit existed
Remember when people were begging for it for years and now look at it :)
It's almost like people then realize "oh wait it's a mario sports game it's the same shit every time"
yeah mario tennis aces really set the pace for that shit
when it first released it had nothing and barely functioned
Sucks cause the devs prolly try their best it just gets pushed out by the people in charge
I don't think that's a hot take tbh
Strikers had a top tier wario and I didn't buy it
mario golf wario tho yoshiGasm
I would've bought Strikers but it just felt barren
FWIW Strikers isn't developed by the same people as Golf/Tennis, not sure who's making the calls on the content though
Dude fuckin knives told me to buy golf and she'd play it a bunch and we played it a single time
@RuneRavenFP same shit happened with me and Animal Crossing
the golf game is so fucking boring jesus christ
@buff00n AC and Pokemon I just stole from my sister linkusSmart
like I at least had a bit of fun with tennis aces
with golf I just had regret buying it
AC I at least got enjoyment out of due to its release time
He should be taking shots instead because drunk ideas would be more fun
AC I didn't even enjoy because of the time because I had rune factory
a friend was ranting to me about how much he disliked the recent sports games
Is he the reason Daisy wasn't in the new Strikers
Doesn't seem he was involved with the Tennis/Golf games
I'd still play animal crossing to this day if I didn't burn out throughout spring and summer of 2020 lol
anytime they'd add new content I'd come back and then realize "yeah I've already put all the time I really wanted to into this already" and just do other shit
Just saw a picture of a group of people cosplaying as adobe programs
2 people dressed as photoshop
The bot met the mysterious loner at the smash local
They probably play young link and that's why they don't have friends
Fuck blocking that poison
I can't do it
Cake was in ch5 though right?
I can't block shit in this game
Can't you just rebuy it
I can only block in ttyd lol
yea I find the block pretty easy I just always anticipate the bite lol
so I never get it anyway
Hey phantom and chat HeyGuys
Coney got sent a lou bega horror game tonight for wheel champ
Lou bega horror game? yaliY
arie found the setup I was just the guinea pig that tested it lol
It's pretty easy once you get the idea
you can just do the jump instead
hey I'm back my friend is streaming so I left
hes still streaming I'm just watching both streams now
you're close it's just precise
I forgot about Super Blooper
Is this seed impossible or it's just whack?
Whack is an understated
When super blooper is practically required, it's more than wack
Are you going to do Goomba King?
dont forget hammer bush
One chapter in 2 hours' ouch
why is normal junior here
Thanks for the youtube content
Where was regular hammer?
streamer in pain sells tho
only if you make it clickbaity
"WORST SEED EVER NOT CLICKBAIT"
Nah content is content
use the Coney thumbnail w/ the text "HAMMERLESS ISN'T FUN????"
I mean I think people like watching these type of seeds because of how stupid it is
as a youtube watcher I would enjoy watching this tbh LUL
And also you have the hammerless clickbait
And it can just be called 'I'm never do hammerless again'
you can put something like "even dev says its the worst seed ever" in there, you got my blessing
I first starting watching with the "nightmare seed" video so I'd say this has similar "streamer pain" energy
It's really weird that tutankoopa's only even remote weakness is stomp and even then it's only 60 lol
only one way to find out Kappa
bruh I'm not about getting charged for inflicting psychological pain
You would have more checks and more likelihood to get them right?
tbf, pretty much anything would've made the seed better. early laki, more chances for important items early
I think hammerless is goind to work way better with full gear shuffle. big chests are too restrictive
that is my main issue with it, disregarding hammerless
warehouse key was in toybox?
I mean, the seed can still keep on giving
Imagine going out of your way to give mario gifts and he just leaves then there
what's that meme again, with the guy with the crazy hair infront of that map
'Goombario knocks this seed out of the park!!'
His name is Charlie Day I think
"I committed a sin" *thumbnail of upgraded goombario,* there, planned your next vid
the race seed was a sin
100hrs of rando? dang, you're making strides towards my goal
200 hours? You've been counting?
I wonder how many hours I have?
my goal is to make people waste as much time with it, collectively, as ive spent making it
tbf, I look at your camera or gameplay. I don't pay much attention to the items or timer
@buff00n did you remember to say happy birthday to Mega Man X7 today?
but I talked about Mega Man X with some mates, if that's worth anything
for me it's always chapter 7 scaled 4s
I sure hope a gdq run doesnt look like this LUL
abandon the run if they try to surprise you with Hammerless
Should you do ch5?
I'm here full time now
blue bow looks awesome
Ive never seen that skin
FEW is still installing I hate the switch's internet chip
when you have 500 down but the switch goes at 3mb
You got OG FEW?
I played the old one a year ago
Cause I got it for like 10 bucks at a local game store
shit was omega clearanced
who cares about go mode when you have goombario mode
why would they give you anything after the best partner
Was gonna say you should because it'd be funny but this is good youtube content so maybe don't do that
what do item pouches do
"This seed STOLE my hammer!?!?"
This seed TOOK my KIDS!?!?
Can't have shit in detroit
I found a melee set that I actually like
I thought so too
Its Chango vs Fuaxhebro at BoBC 3, its because Chango just only played for time
And I like that
tho I can't promise you'll be safe from TacoGuyy
but camping is LAME. Melee's supposed to be COOL.
Didnt melee players try to ban timeouts on more than 1 occasion?
@1STSTAR__ I can promise you'll be safe with other TacoGuy
Other tacoguy is best tacoguy
Puff was killing the game. Apparently.
Ledge is dumb af in Melee.
Why's ledge your advantage state
Are there any puff players besides hbox people get mad at?
Its funny, even with all of that shit puff wasnt even the best in the game
Hbox is the only Puff that won shit, so I want to say no
Its like ult steve to a lesser degree
Or a greater degree
Because melee puff is uhh
my melatonin is hitting me hard I think I'm gonna go to bed
In conclusion people dont like lame
or figuring out counterplay
You see fox is cool so armada did nothing bad
It's cool when Fox does it. it kills the game when Puff does it.
Counterplay discussion always gets drowned out by the "this character is lame" discussion
phanto274Jam just in time
I like that emote
I'm tempted to sub for that emote
phanto274Jam phanto274Jam phanto274Jam phanto274Jam phanto274Jam phanto274Jam phanto274Jam
phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
Is it possible for an item to unlock a chpater to be in that chapter?
What even are fuzzies?
SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat
SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat
SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat
SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat SPAGETTD RAID pastaThat
Chill Kirby forgotten land stream lol
SOMEBODY TOUCHED MAH SPAGETT
I HOPE SHE MADE LOTS OF SPAGHETTI
I told my community about how cool Paper rando is random239Comfy
What about dog island phanto274Thonk
Dog Island is how I found your channel HypeLUL
A proper send off
... didn't we already see the palace key
1 minute until new years
The most menacing castle
happy new year PogChamp
I accidentally killed petra woops
I wanted to play her but I don't want to do the map again so oh well
I got Hapi so it's fine
I feel like there's no point to playing on classic if you're not down to just say "woops"
Except if felix dies
He is staying on this playthrough
He's fast and he's my favorite
I need him to shittalk everyone for me
moles is gonna have it
Casual is good if getting into the FE series but you absolutely need to start accepting losses if you wanna dive deeper
Go check it first and if I'm wrong I'll gift a sub
No I mean if you don't have it after palace
when you go into fields
Is a giant nit
My fucking fingers LMAO
at least I dont have to gift
see, wasn't that a fun seed
I think this setting should stay in dev hell
just say "whoops it broke or something"
Look man Mario is tired
and people keep asking for jumpless seeds
people deserve to be locked away
who wants to not jump cancel a spin
@Icebound777 who are these masochists that want to see the world burn
Damn black crystal king
Thats so cool looking
you can traverse surprising amounts of the game on the lift parakarry gives ....
like I don't know either lol
hammerless, jumpless start, shuffle quizmo into the pool, make the toybox slot machine have progression ...
oh god the oinks
I say these would be ass but I've played fullsanity on windwaker with all the pain checks so....
treasure charts should never be turned on NOPERS
Having a nice frosted cookie and doritos at 9:14
and sploosh kaboom almost ALWAYS has something because it's sphere 0
Feeding fish has no progression or item
I dont care lol
Windwaker rando is fun with race settings on
Because that's just chests and dungeons
And glitches don't get banned for WW races
because SD is piss easy
I forgot what Tubba's actual color is
It also mods in the swift sail and with SD sail pumping it goes absurdly fast
So superswims are just not that much faster lol
I would say tomodachi life rando but that game is already incredibly ranndo
He doesn't play any games that'd be interesting
gacha and smash bros
I hate that you're right
I dont play gachas I play a gacha
that was the default
couldn't be arsed to change it
At least she got taken out by the goat
I was gonna say that I play the gacha because it has my favorite video game ost but thenI was timed lol
Def not love live
yea put hi back
he can serve the 10 minutes
How can you play that many kirby games and say a gacha is the best ost
yeah, he can stay there
I've played Heroes, but I never put money into it
Pallos prison will always be occupied
I've not played arknights much I usually opt for bloons when I play a mobile game so I've not put money into it
every free roll did nothing but depress me. Why would I pay money for that.
Dusk hasn't been on a banner so I haven't cared to even roll in arknights yet
My favorite Terraria mod for whatever reason is officially partnering with a Touhou gacha game
Oh yea I saw that
how the hell does a mod officially partner with a completely unrelated party
@TacoGuy74 we should play terraria again
It's the devs partnering not the mod directly
@buff00n Their reason was community overlap
@RuneRavenFP Have you ever played calamity mod?
I've never played modded terraria
I think it'll be up your alley
wtf is that attack
I have never seen that
5+ 2 per ruffpuff
saw someone on twitter named mercedes is gay
One of the songs in that gacha is the reason why I'm taking music production classes LMAI
But uhhh hows the weather
@RuneRavenFP I mean. She is.
Is it time to beat bowsers ass
saw someone on twitter named wehave2bansteve
I've a friend who chastised me for making Mercedes a dancer. Said she was too pure hearted.
oh wait its onin
Mario, we present you, a crib
a stylish flying bathtub
there's a blanket and a pillow in the thing
Its like the cars bed of bathtubs
How does she live after you know, exploding
*Meta knight victory theme plays
You mean to tell me this disastrous seed will have a disastrous ending
Can you power shock final bowser
Oooooo pink star dude
That is pretty funny
My wario amiibo gave me a steel tome
What does that imply
so I can come to you when I have those jumpless seeds yes?
The seed of all time
I forgot how good the tracks were here
MMBN just has jams
"Hey ice learn this game, there's a 30% chance the run lives"
SPEED STRATS OR BUST
Was 5 the only one that has the turn based thing?
I actually didn't like them lol
excuse me sir this is an E rated game
I love that sound bit LUL
Play what you wanna play tho
After rando assaulted me with last location every seed
I kinda don't wanna play it right now LUL
The first and only seed I got
The tutorial mobs were Yurts
And I was like
And lemme guess they didn't scale them to the area
that sounds like some nerd shit
I'm back with wendys
So Multiversus def got better but idk if it's enough for me to really consider it for a side game over strive
Also the netplay was a travesty with the server issues today
First rollback game I've played where if it rolls back your inputs also get fucked
Because it kept throwing me off stage
It was consistent for the last 2 hours every game rolled back at least a little bit
Where the first hour it was butter
I won't be touching 1v1
I think tilts on the ground would do wonders for gameplay
My 2 big gripes are how much the top tiers just swing and that's their neutral you can't contest and that the punish game isn't cool outside of the trap shit
Me and jesse did some bullshit with projectiles and rocket but most of the shit is just up air down air still
Even then Dan made a good system around his limitations and balanced around it
I have been saying this at people since the 1st beta but whiff lag should be different than on hit lag for a game without a shield
Rivals 2 looks so fucking good
I need a beta for that this instant
actually give me a beta when they make Sylvannos
Then give it to me that instant
I am waiting for them to show Kragg
I wanna see what bullshit dan gives kragg this time
Eli was very bad at first
She's been buffed a shitton and has some stuff now
Yea I could never get around handling her air shit
I just played Ori and Sylv and idk if they'll put Ori in 2 so I will just play Sylv
Genuinely a top 5 fighting game char for me
Sylv was there before they got nerfed and changed but they're still close
I'll mess with multi again in a day or 2 tho when the servers stop being how they are
I love that nintendo is specifically removing fates first from the 3ds
They know that shit was bad
You just need conquest for the gameplay and then skip every cs
But hey if you marry them THEN you get a letter that says you're not fucking a relative :)
Look corrins step sis just got stuck
What else would he do
I was gonna book one of the twins for metafy just to review some shit but their availability times are so ass and random
I still wish we got to stream anything while in vegas
Their internet just genuinely didn't function at ALL that week
Bear bought a new router while we were there lol
But yea a cox guy came in on the tuesday and plugged in a cable that just wasn't properly plugged in and the internet worked well
Oh it still ass for the twitch side but it actually functions in their house now
It genuinely just shut off for hours when I was there LOL
And the cell service is ass in their downstairs
So if I wasn't in my room I couldn't do anything LOL
I also have a high tempo shit when I see sonic 06
It goes faster than the game loads
Why did buff00n put fat mario dumpy on my timeline
I'm still pissed I had to pay 10 bucks to play reindog right away
I simply do not want to play any other character
Training mode does let you play any char regardless of owning
So they have half of that
Jesse got bugs in like 20-30 minutes
This doesn't look as bad as liberations
Yeah the sad part is, 5 turned me off cause of liberation, I never even bothered playing 6 :(
Also been considering my emotes
I like the RF ones but people don't use them, I think I may get them done as oshawotts to keep it consistent
People generally just recognize oshawott better and like it better so I think it'd just be better even if I like having raven emotes
But yea I'd just be getting tacogu1Ban and tacogu1Bless turned oshawott
maybe I'll re-commission the mash emote eventually too but I tip high for animated so I wanna be able to do that before I get it
That's one thing that I super loved about trusty's style
Currently tho the raven emotes are on bit slots anyway so I'll prolly just move tacogu1Eugh down to 1k so people actually have it and fill my animated slots first
Cause I fucking love tacogu1Eugh and I need people using that shit
my mom just texted me a gif of wario falling down a hole
It doesn't restart either he's just dead
why did she send me this
"why would you raid me"
to let the viewers watch someone better than me
uncle ben what happened
mostly just following route without live timer, before shadowman I died and never saved cause why the hell would I save? Then came back to cloudman. That was 4 and a half hours
was trying to hold out for jeny's stream , never raided her but it was getting late
and starting today I'm trying an actual stream schedule
I'll just copy my discord
First ever real attempt at a stream schedule. Gonna be trying Tue, Thu, Sat, and Sun. Tue and Thu will start around 4:30 or 5pm EST and need to put more thought into the weekends. Fridays will be more of a "If I Feel Like It". So gonna try this out for a few weeks and see how it goes.
bro if I could stream rn I'd be streaming for like 10 hours a day rn. I miss it T_T
I, hopefully we, miss you too
sundays are a given 5pm est because... reasons OMEGALUL
Hopefully soon T_T I am ITCHING to be back at it
you what I hate. Time zones
I want universal time and I want it to be mine :)
I would work on sundays so the race was impossible
Mountain time for everyone
then one sunday I'm like "fuck it" I called in to race. Then next day at work I found out it was a holiday and didnt get paid for labor day
It was great the week I was in Colorado last year. Hated coming back to est
colorado is shit... but I have a legit reason
not many natural disasters to worry about, weed, its dry so not much humidity too
My last job was called Colorado Boxed Beef LMFAO
so yeah, THAT colorado was shit
Is that like Omaha steaks but worse?
If you grew up here it aint bad :)
I AM ALTITUDE TRAINING WHILE SPEEDRUNNING Kappa
altitude training while sleeping
oh phantom, do you wanna join anime watch party with Mitzi, Jeny, and me? We start Monday
Bakuman, they havent seen it
yeah that one ^
sit in on the first ep then decide
ok axl we watch bakuman then you have to rewatch onepiece with me Kappa
I can watch a few with you rn if you want
let me get my HHD then
so these runs are pretty dependent on encounter rng?
@PerMitzi mitzi, I have the first 950 eps archived from fansubs lol
yeah, I watched it weekly for like 12 yyears lol
oh phantom, with regards to bakuman. Its by the same creators that did deathnote. Its a different genre but still a wild ride
yo komari, phantom asked me to check in. What should I tell him?
let me trty that again
the category is called BeastSP so didnt what you to think he was done OMEGALUL
after Bass is it just run to gregar?
why would you need it anywhere else
Imagine dying to BassBX but still golding
oh, he is working on PA list
Felix is 10 levels above my other 3 units currently
he is simply the only unit I need
I may or may not have discovered you from looking at the Limit Break submissions and saw you submitted pape
and then realized you are the one that made the tracker
I'm submitting super pape myself to limit break and pace since it has yet to be in an in person marathon at least Any%
paper mario block at limit break would be cool
up to you in the end
I submitted a few things myself
FF1PR FF2PR and Z2
Gonna probably submit Jets of Time rando too
I can't justify another vacation lol
I'm going in person if I get in
and Utah is 2 states over
We can just make glenn pay for all our food at MWSF to save you money
I remember when P5 was 16 hours LUL
the accounting teacher LMAO
If you see a notification on discord, ignore it. I accidently tried to call you lol
but then you have twins for that hot Mari on Yuri action!! phanto274Thonk
Do you think Higsby ever had a chance with Mari?
what are you talking about
I didn't finish the run
vod dosen't exist so its invalid Kappa
Should I keep playing FE or should I start a ww run
I must get good for the doggo charity
rather back to being good
Hello raiders. Welcome to phantom's stream. We play with megaman - I mean play games with - I mean we play megaman games. Also we live to play with your Forbidden Memories, we have a !slots that never gives us what we want, and we fondle our pads and press the right buttons. Welcome in.
I don't blame them
Honestly I just want to have a <2:25
I techincally have one if rng didn't exist
super swim is stupid
I played for a 2:22
I think like a 33 or something with 8th try pg skip
I think I have a 32 but that one didn't technically touch a portal for a frame so it's not valid
Skipping him saves fucking 3 minutes I can't avoid it >:(
If I was warm I could 22 without it
No if I get a pacer to that again I am deadass fighting that fucker
I just have to practice phase 1
For some reason tho I'm warm on literally every trick still except door clip
I hate door clip
I you want top 10 times jsut run BeastSP Kappa
why in the retro category rather then mbnn
Give me a manipless cat, and I'll run it for 2 or 3
But bubble man is a dick
legacy collection will probably help when it comes out if everyone just streams in the category
Just do the frame perfect aqua manip
Yeah, I sadly doubt there will be a legacy collection category
he tried so hard but he cant do that
I am sure if someone ask nicely we can get one
just tell terra we want it Kappa
you forgot NT too
Also learned streamlabs was what caused all my audio issues with WW so my choices rn are blue screens or bad audio LOL
I gotta choose blue screens tho because I need audio for this game lol
Yea but I'm lazy
So I just gamble it each time I close it
I didn't crash today
Shit I clicked homebrew and not haxchi
We have booted the wii u in pasta mode
We have achieved italian
I'm unhappy with living
Isn't there someone you forgot to ask
Ok I first tried the swims I failed and hit my roll clips I think I'm good
Time to miss pause storage on the PG cutscene
ok lurking no audio cause stream lol
DM'd something for you to laugh at later LUL
game boy is a tag!?
theres a guy streaming valorant under game boy... MUST BE ONE HELL OF A FUCKING PORT 4Head
then dont lose gavel skip next time
Baja Blast Sword stickshamRiku1a stickshamRiku1b
we gonna see elecswrd diveman phanto274Mash
It's just Ice Buster Sword now but I'm freezing Baja now and hopefully it doesn't make a mess/explode
we running a new SSD lets go!!
5? its 6:41 my guy 4Head
do it you coward
also I invited cats to anime watch party
"like I'm sort of videogame star, in their 6th hit installment?"
best quote from this game
I love komari is taunting the diveman runners
I just dont understand what they see in it
at least do segmented runs
I dont mean to come off as elitest but if its too long pick a shorter game
a series called seven deadly sins
I'm just so disconnected from the community now, between the casuals flooding discord, the speedrun posers, hell I even removed myself from the stream team.
Before I did that I looked over the team, I counted like 8 people that havent even streamed since risch joined.
yeah, keizaron is still on there LMAO
I do too! I subbed to him for over 3 and a half years, but taste change over time. Still a super cool guy tho
Ironically, we had a bn marathon and keiza is what got me to pick up bn2
was cool that I met him at GDQ and got to tell him that in person
you gonna submit if it pbs?
I had a ton of PBs in exe2 I never submitted
It didnt change the placement so I held on to it
wait til trnarrw fails KEKW
yo I'm so happy
god of war comes out 1 week after my birthday
meaning no one can get me the game I dont care about LUL
I need to practice everything
does the charge shots make counter timing easier?
I thought you were doing it as a buffer
jugoomba has 15 minutes on you, thats blastman and ice box!!
meant to capitalize "and"
yup, never doing that again
15 minutes, okay you can start your timer over now KEKW
Its a handicap lol
remember when I popped in your stream and said, "WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO YOUR CIRCUSMAN!?!?"
hot take: cheating should be allowed at gdq cause its just a showcase anyways
argickFine fifiFine grimmy1Fine kjoeraALLFINE komari1Fine
we gonna see prog destroy 3 heelnavis?
starting to hate lotto codes
thats the worst I can do to my hands
I just got to the point where I can play ds lite without issues
casual viewers, "oh dang he messed that fight up" bn runners, "LMFAO nice fight bruh"
oh? you are using the category
mine hit 9 yesterday
yeah, did have a small raid from rigby
I missed everything yyou said after rigby raid
I say I dont care about growth but thats not entirely true. Its more I dont want to do extra work for growth. If I really didnt care I wouldnt share my go live in other discords
my drive for bn2 was the leader boards, growth took the back seat to that
I wont say it was a waste cause I legit enjoyed it, but I really dont care about bn boards anymore
I need to unblock the word collection from my chat still
dang, Pape get a massive graphic upgrade
how hard is it to memorize the ghost stuff?
Its easy after the 2nd time
I know you dont blame me. Around 2 times a week I'd have someone ask about what I thought of a collection. I got sick of it LUL
blocking it was chaotics idea LMAO
I still have a command for it too
welp imma sleep gl with the run!
"capcom devs know you want it so STFU [with a link to a protodude tweet]"
last scenario in bn2 my notes say, "clear apartment comps"
btw, how much trouble did that give you?
even if you have maps open it still hard to figure out
yeah, the random warps can take you from area 4 to 1, back to 4, fix the warp, then that takes you to 3. Casually its a mess
I sent this to komari lol
the boomer fight and then it stops right when you miss heat press
Komari: OMEGALUL the timing at the end
nah, its funny as is
actually in bn2 its 1321333231
Its easy to remember, its 1 then 321 then 333 then first 3 backwards so 231
you have a better way to remember netopia gatekey?
one time dalus asked me for the quiz and I told him 123133322132
so he got all of them except for the last one LMAO
here from No glitches allowed discord. Good luck with the runs! songof8Hype songof8Heart
WE DO DO GLITCHES
so prism is allowed, got it
All the games I run have glitches and I love glitches but I joined the no glitches discord for the emergency event
I hope you get in! did you submit megaman??
you should sign up for SDAT
I'm sorry but everytime I started waiting a dog island vod I'd think to myself, "id rather watch something else... like anything else" 4Head
I submitted a few unseen runs so hopefully they make it in, I enjoy seeing games that don't get love they deserve be shown in the spotlight
more than double team DS
I have to laugh irl
what a chad fifiCard
fifi opens pokemon cards, so makes for a cute emote
yeah thats right, short for firedragon
I've never seen this run before, but I'm really enjoying the run. This game is visually pleasing
totally, BN hasnt aged a day
heatman is such a cool navi, he gets a pass
did you fight him in bn2?
movin fast on those skates and even using stairs songof8Speed songof8LOL
his heat stamp makes your panels lava
@dwhite1023 OST is definitely a banger so far
If you clean those folder edits up, WR for sure Jebaited
komarI's toadman emote is gone
the animations in this game songof8Heart
I've been lurking since you went live
songs, check out the chip artwork
@axl_sensei I'll check out the art for sure I'm a sucker for game art
Is that robot corn?
the one time I ran this game my sky gauntlets was flawless
the more I watch the more it becomes a fever dream songof8LOL songof8LOL
megaman just turned into a xenomorph while fighting airplanes
I have that book, it's awesome
170 pages of battle network art work
@axl_sensei added to my cart for this payday. I just got all my collector books for berserk in so this is another item to fill my shelves
theres one for megaman zero too
I have this one for x
phantom do you have the BN complete works?
I'm curious to see what art is in legacy thats not in complete works
want to see some footage of sol cross, guy gets an encounter and immediately uses search soul... nice showcase bruh
why is wario in the pit
Did you know Protoman will never remove his boots?
Just saw someone tweet that they should revert all base cast nerfs to compensate for steve and like
I think they forgot about megaman
Is it moneyhatz yet?
Mark's title is "Ive got no more dinks to give"
my bad for using your emote wrongly
when phantom streams the wise cracks just happen
when I stream, "that was bad" that couldve been optimized better" "I hate everything"
just do PERFECT CIRCLE
you know what you need?
I love how its a literal F-Bomb
the only reason I had the idea is cause ice fight in den3, you actually get timebom2 F KEKW
what we feelin now
I saw that gold sitting at a red light lol
Mans saw that face
and only looked at green
the other day komari called me lurking lmao
so I was on mobile, and I have no idea how to bring up chat settings. It just happens randomly sometimes and as I tried to close settings it turned to blue LUL
SkeletonPls wait this works better
he stole the bean
kill him this instant
Tk is tweeting that the servers are still dogshit for multi so I guess I won't play that tn lol
think mean with an R, you were overthinking the pronunciation
just learned a very very important thing about bn5
In liberations if you get invincibilty with shadowman you cant antidmg
glad I learned now
when to fight cloud and couldnt do any dmg
was that a clip?
Imagine running a game with a loading screen
It really dosent lol
Good luck on the runs
Jhawk LUL I thought you said Jcog. I did a double take KEKW
I get that a lot lol
Also everyone thinks I'm a guy clintBaka
Masculine presenting twitch name lol
I learning if I want to run bn5 I need to get better and fast LUL
I'm sure it had a good reason
How did Link win the basket ball game?
HE USED HIS HOOK SHOT!!! etchyLmao
good games or bad ones?
I hope one is boktai
"goes running to komari"
It wont let me clip you saying you got FM
here we go again
you and risch are doing resets you know what that means
I swap whenever you guys reset KEKW
didi you see the goombotio seed logic today?
weight was in the well
so he needed all seeds
It was interesting to watch this morning
sushie and kooper were last too
Sounds like you should be playing a Paper Mario rando instead.
This is the only time I've ever cared about LeBron James
I can understand it would probably be too mcuh to get real LeBron
Now all I need is Godzila and my meme team can be complete
This is that good rng
phantom, got a question for ya
found one of my socks in the backyard, guess how it got there
GG congrats on diveman% Kappa
I started reading Reggie's book today. Really enjoy it so far
when fight colonel if I draw double shot I'll use it on the top or bottom giving him a less chance to stay in the back
get on their level, Ive seen dive% runners with 400 attempts 4Head
tomorrow I'm returning back to rando, its gonna be something relearning everything again lol
I didnt intend to copy you, my rando are like 6+ so I need the extra time
pretend you didnt notice it was 100
who would you say was the first gaming chad? For me Chunky Kong comes to mind
try bn2 then tell me how you feel
would you go GBA or DS?
ADD is so bad, you dont skip bad chip, you get 5 more next turn, then your next turn youre back to 5 again.
bn1 buster only isnt bad tho
I love soul, its just a shame its not used in speedruns
I dont remember how good the souls were in 4
In 5 tho magnet was way up there for me
can charge elec chips, charge pulls target to the front then hits, <--B freezes them to panel like how magnet bomb worked in BN2
Its great for windbox
Hey @STREAMER, you've been live for 2 hour(s)! Have you been drinking your water? It might also be a good time to get up and stretch, refill your water, grab something to eat, or maybe take a bathroom break! Stay Healthy!
why would you do that!?
Is turbo allowed now?
but I get it for bdsp
whats your opinion on liberations?
I like them until I get to cloudman MonkaS
Its not super hard, just gotta keep the antidmg rhythm
cats is getting trolled by a gold daisy OMEGALUL
I wanted to try out the diddy kong rando but after watching a vod it doesnt look interesting
shuffles vehicle, item balloons, and course loading zones
yeah I'm interested in oot rando, but dont know anything about vanilla
I wouldnt know how to setup WW
what about prime rando?
Ouro [my emote guy] used to run prime rando
I watched kirbymastah do it too
still blows my mind how much kirby has done
metroid, sonic, wario land, like the only english FE runner lol
we got to navicust HUZZAH!!
dirge posted a clip where he just airshots dark mega to death OMEGALUL
1K HP, how good is your mash?
seeing people excited for switch online releases, "dude, why dont you just buy an everdrive?"
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on mountviewers .com
still better than the drip feed
hot take- SPM was the last good looking PM game
the white outline is so bad
then you have "fans" making Pape with "HD assets".
I'll admit at first I thought it looked cool, then I started playing pape and yeah now I hate it
the art for goombario looks he has [text redacted] [text redacted]
can diveman only go to center panel and corners?
cause if he moves twice?
and he cant move backwards
I mean forward then back
I'm doing good how is the run going?
when do you think you will do a pm rando?
been watching it very cool to watch
been trying to catch up with the rando's
sadly I lost your 50th run
Is he skating or walking?
you still havent traded battle chips with me fulliePout
that was the only pout emote I have
If they do I hope you get it on PS
seems like most are getting it on switch
If I play on switch I can use my pokken controller as I always do, but PS5 will force me to use the dual sense
trophies are more important to me tho
I still want to get a switch copy just to have it
yeah I'm "one of those gamers"
I dont have steam on this PC, I just dont buy enough from them
My old PC is right next to me and could get it if I really wanted
my steam is sonic 123knuckles, and monopoly OMEGALUL
just remembered you had it
brb havent eaten anything today gonna warm up a burrito
oh noooo I'm sorry haha
I legit spent like 20 minutes trying to beat general guy and I made some mistakes but it is what it is
I thought colonel was right after blast/dive
oh wait thats GBeast
I always mix those up
welp, no season zero with komari tonight
cant wait for monday watch party
like there are 2 tags for bn6 alone
seems we're getting closer to BN3 SS
time to unfollow then Kappa
watch him said to 450 tomorrow 4Head
Is there time save in boss rush?
that's exactly what I thought
elementman just screams encounters to me
you probably got at least 2 in mr weather comps too
yeah 2 is average for JP
This Stray mod turns a meow into the 'Jason' scream from Heavy Rain OMEGALUL
I wanna see them mod in spider cat from miles morales
Rando Randy's are real
uggh phantom where's the multiverse at.. start playing the hotness
I paid for it
It's fun just like smash lol
I played my first rando like 2 days ago
I found one of the magical seeds and for some reason I just left it there so I had to go on a wild goose chase rechecking everything to find it
I also had to learn about the extra forever forest checks and desert checks
but I used your tracker so that helped
I played with letters on which is fine for me because I like letters
ImglowRIP in a bush?!?
I know where a few of them are but I dont wanna memorize all of them
I wish I had a setup to play' wife and kiddo > my gaming time'
yeah whoever said to use bizhawk is a saint that runs paper mario wondefully
damn I didn't gamble
come into chat and first thing I hear is bizhawk praise, based
chapter 1 is always either chapter 2 or chapter 7
chapter one was 7 in my seed
I'm at work so...
I completed 2 koot favors for the silver credit so I could get more money
did not get good items
It was a very shop heavy seed so I needed the silver credit
one of the worst roadblocks for me was not having kooper
I almost ran out of checks
get this I had to complete chapter 3 to unlock rowfs items and one of those was kooper
I thought he was gonna be in tubbas castle because I only had 2 keys but the third key was on the big table
I actually forgot if I turned panels on or not because I generated it the day before I played it so I checked like 5 panels and thankfully all star pieces
the last thing I wanna do is memorize panels
strange leaf was in merlons house for me
I could have had a way early chapter 6 if I didnt miss that magical seed because I had literally everything else for 6
I killed all 3 bloopers looking for kooper which was really tough because I was only like level 2 but 1 fp power shock wins everything
didyouknowgaming put out a pokemon video, at the end I noticed Eurasia helped translate some stuff
I was just asking lmao
I hate hitting trees
GL on the rando!
which paper mario item do you want to try in real life the most
I was thinking more food items but that works
Imgaine having irl fright jar
use it on the cops KEKW
nah, who am I kidding
I'm saving it for Mitzi fifiBad
knowing her tho, she would just dink axlsenWut
Irl dizzy dial use it on the highway
Well this seems pretty standard so far. Chapter 5 first-clear?
ever done a ch 6 first?
I'd want that too
spear guy had 9 hp
38 min in and not go mode yet. pls go faster
I was expecting some dinks
I know what 75% means in this game
the last key is only there after you exhausted all other checks
general guy is scary when you don't know scaling
woah green pyro guy
why can you equip all your badges with 12 bp
gl on baby seed ThankEgg
2 fp fan smack Kreygasm
but you can use it to sneak past clubbas
rando but you have to use everything as you get it
I asked Morph about using a fright jar on him. he said dink cause its a garbage item that never works LUL
I know a thing or two about fright jars
mitzi said, it depends
God I'm doing glitchless soon, can't wait to dink
Me: "it depends" my favorite speedrun answer
how goes it :3
I laugh everrytime I hear risch say that
"unfortunate" says the man who has 1 bp costs across the board
everytime I say fuck no I'm always right
Buy followers, primes and viewers on mystrm .store
come back when decide to tell us to mount our viewers
he was doing his best
whyd you ban that guy I wanted to get some followers
'"will I get TrnArrw?"
Buy viewers, followers and primes on yourfollowz. (com)!
Buy viewers, followers and primes on deeznutz. (com)!
EXE3 is sooo close!!
hope youve been learning varswrd
with a hitbox sure!
"you just press the buttons"
you have 45 frames to hit 5 buttons!!
that can be said for ANYTHING
that sounds not hard
jokes on you, I can only press 4
B left down up B
but in the heat of battle
I can probably do it :)
laki in ruins. calling it
I struggle with tri slash
and that s just B left B right
well sure, if youve played fighting games
make sure to equip slow go for this room
I hate this guy
rip cheato is a thunder mage
If someone found my lost pants I also would reward them with a cocnut
I spelled coconut wrong
now I have to call coconuts cocnuts
hey whatever you say man I'm not judging
Hey phantom and chat. phanto274BLANKIES
my 2 year is next week
thank you. this is a tough time for me and my family
actually it's in 2 weeks but whatever lol
thats my friends emote
It was added because I beat him in mario party because of a hidden block
and I played birdo that round
I had like a 6 cost power rush in my seed but I already committed to danger mario
power plus is 6 cost and its only 1 attack
why is it always this skin
I like how storywise half of the guys bowser assigns to the star spirits are total wimps
I was not, I did a pretty big sleep today and don't regret it
theres no darkness effect on the color puzzle idiot
I worry about the bot sometimes. lol
I mean at least its not like a single white mother from illinois
lmao. that was hilarious.
I forgot the number but I bet that's why youngster Timmy is commiting hate crimes
sometimes I wish mayor penguin really died
I wish Goombario was here
I wish that detective died
prologue junior fight no way
when I did my seed I accidentally activated the chapter 3 junior fight
ooooh nice star point deal
I like how he just throws the mushroom across the room. lmao
I think I have a fever I'm getting really cold
they should make Goombario tell you checks for each area when you're in that room
goombario is very knowledgeable though
he can tell you enemy stats
Incoming power rush trap
too many cars and people are dumb. (it's a wedding)
which sound fx badge is the one that makes that "OUGH" noise
thats my favorite one
which sound is c
Is there something special or whatever if you equip all of them?
I don't remember what any of them are
ngl I forgot that wasn't the normal hammer sound
that's the one I was looking for
I thought the single white mother from illinois was quoted
It's in the Discord
did I do something wrong for it to not show up?
man I was seeing how long I could go without revealing my gender guess I gotta if I want to see the bot message
I'm mobile frog at work
what do you want from me?
I'm in the discord now
now everyone knows my dark secret of being a woman
I just want to be at home, chilling and watching Phantom stream "The Quest for Lakilester", right next to my 10 boxes of Baja Blast.
okay I'm back and see chat spamming quotes
I forgot about 14
wait? so you stream everyday?
"read the fine print Axl!"
dang run over already that was a quick bowser fight
I love how the koopa bros give an obscene amount of xp despite being regular koopas with 1 extra health
koopa bros have a different sleep chance which is interesting
weird to put that detail into a battle thats usually over in 5 seconds
casually it would take longer
casually I beat them with a pow block and fire flower
casually I knocked them down with the hammer
damn really I just did it because I wanted to hit all of them
I'm talking about my first playthru 20 years ago
my first playthrough was like 3 weeks ago
this was my first rpg not counting pokemon, and my 13 year old self didnt think like that
I havent gotten to playing ttyd blind yet because I just like this game so much
but ive played every other game besides ttyd
super and 64 are currently tied for my favorite paper mario
I do think ttyd is over rated tho
I loved the origami kings storyline. I enjoyed that game a lot, but paper mario 64 just hits different.
origami king is great
If only the bot agreed with you lol
I thoroughly enjoyed every paper mario ive played so far
I dont get the hate
PhantomGamesBot: Ok failbot didn't go yesterday so it was like final where he talks about the abomination that is Origami King? LuL
I hate the combat in origami king
and if I dont like the combat why would I play it
he had a cocnut
boy did he ever
for me to play OK I'd need a guide for every fight, then whats the point? I should just watch a vod
I had no idea mega jump was so beefy
I never used it in vanilla
I had power bounce
I hope yoshis have an important item HYPERCLAP
That's the chaos we love, Mitzi
cocnut is like a BN abbreviation LUL
@know15 I gotchu anytime
I WOULD LOVE THAT
people dont understand the complex masterpiece that is the goomba king fight. The goomnut tree plays an essential role in the fight, being a source of damage for both you and the king. It also compliments the story of the prologue beautifully, because you previously beat up the red and blue goombas, their health is lowered for the fight. I think you should give more praise to the goomba king, because it really deserves it
what am I reading
Maros_TTV: people dont understand the complex masterpiece that is the goomba king fight. The goomnut tree plays an essential role in the fight, being a source of damage for both you and the king. It also compliments the story of the prologue beautifully, because you previously beat up the red and blue goombas, their health is lowered for the fight. I think you should give more praise to the goomba king, because it really deserves it
oh here we go
Axl_Sensei: Maros_TTV: people dont understand the complex masterpiece that is the goomba king fight. The goomnut tree plays an essential role in the fight, being a source of damage for both you and the king. It also compliments the story of the prologue beautifully, because you previously beat up the red and blue goombas, their health is lowered for the fight. I think you should give more praise to the goomba king, because it really deserves it
I love typing things that sound like copypastas though
PerMitzi: Axl_Sensei: Maros_TTV: people dont understand the complex masterpiece that is the goomba king fight. The goomnut tree plays an essential role in the fight, being a source of damage for both you and the king. It also compliments the story of the prologue beautifully, because you previously beat up the red and blue goombas, their health is lowered for the fight. I think you should give more praise to the goomba king, because it really deserves it
that cloud is literally the worst
fuck copy pasta, sloppy pasta is where its at!!
hate him with a passion
making copypastas is great, I enjoy praising things people hate
fall guys need to make their battlepass level up thingy longer
100 levels is not enough
don't forget to feed the gourmet guy. (: best part of the game.
Back in my day there were only 40 levels in a fall guys season
amazing take Kris couldnt agree more
It was too repetitive when it first came out
there is so much more variety now its actually fun
It sure does have a lot of variety now
AXL are you hating on fall guys
no other game allows me to run around as pusheenicorn
whats the craziest vanilla thing youve gotten in a rando
a fight with Mitzi? BRING IT cats4eChat cats4eChat cats4eChat
but I'm weak now I'd prolly lose clintB
Axl is no simp
but I would still try. I'd go for the knees
no arrows allowed ppls
I stopped going to the gym. to me it's a waste of time if my job is construction. I'm basically working out 12hrs a day 5-6days a week. lmao.
the voice of an angel
I wish I could have an n64 instrument voice like her
oh phantom, komari may join in a few bakuman epsiodes so was wanting to use your discord for watch party
I think it was either desert shop or yoshi shop
I'm waiting for this mob to spawn in WoW so I can have a chance at a mount that drops 1 out of 500 times HorseRide
this is what I do when I cant play pape clintB
I play fall guys and WoW
mitzi is too hard core of a gamer for me now
I'm sorry for your loss
dude in the last two weeks I think ive gotten 200 more hours in dbd I'm at like 1700 now I hate it
I'm a runescape player. lol. for like 17yrs. lmao.
I am not even hardcore. I dont like raiding or endgame stuff. I just wanna ride the cool mounts
I just watch others play games while increasing my backlog
you can get the jelly on your way back
my first rando the miracle water was here
and bow had the weight OMEGALUL
SHE WAS IN THE FLOOR
maam no you do not belong there
whenever I get a pronoun wrong I just say english is my 2nd language Kappa
whatever makes you happy bot. l0l
My mom messes up pronouns all the time and english is her second language so that tracks
my god this stupid mechanical spider wont spawn
ohhhhh. that's pretty nifty.
I just want to be disappointed again
the ultra stones twin!
what is synonymous with ultra
man I'm waiting for the fateful day I receive the golden kappa
okay so we have the Ultra stone and it's twin... the Max rock
the hype emote is adoraable
mitzi, are you doing offline randos?
no I cant play pape at all
no space for my crt and stuff in my current situation clintB
why didn't you get exp? is it that bump attack thing?
It is sad thank you
we need to make a gofundme to fly Mitzi to my house so she can do pape permitBless
maybe in a week or two my situation will be a bit better
when I am able to I'm gonna be grinding glitchless so hard like I miss it so much clintB
No that's the thesaurus
That's just dirty, Mitzi
I'm gonna laugh REALLY hard if yoshis has the dirt
poor guy never stood a chance
you sneezed on him and he died
oh you know what would be worse than yoshis having the dirt?
yellow yoshi having the dirt
wow thanks for the noodles HERES SOME DIRT
the dirt is important though
Its the only dirt in the entire world thats fertile apparently
"I have spaghetti in my pocket" now THAT'S out of context gold if I've ever heard it
Just a Peril manip
on to the next mob that MIGHT drop a mount
did you find goombario yet
power of the cocnut
Gotta find another one for bowser
final hit MUST be a cocnut
I mean if the opportunity is there
beat paper mario using only coconuts
make a mod where you have infinite cocnuts
REPLACE HAMMER THROW WITH "COCNOT" THROW
WAIT I have an idea
moles song is a banger though
notice how I never made a moles prediction, thats because I knew it didnt have a key item
he's got the dirt
whos he got the dirt on
hopefully not me I dont need my secrets being revealed
he's got the dirt on the soil
I don't want to know where he had that.
w00t. called it. lol
ok it just has to be listed now. there is a cocnut emote on 7tv now
you got wenough cocnuts?
not me trying to understand what the bot is saying
that's just ridiculous. lmao
"the first second of the crab" like what
I found a youtube channel with all the episodes for TMNT 2003
the crab has a high chance of changing accidentally in the first second and you save a ton of time if it doesnt change
meow I dont understand
when is go mode already?
not so shrimple anymore
you're not in go mode until you get Goombario shrimpsPetTheMoss
check the spoiler log
or yellow yoshi tho I wouldnt trade spaghetti for goombario
don't compare goombario to tax evaders
goombario goes to jail for tax evasion
that sounds like a good spin off game title
I just saw goombario, GO BACK!!
Goombario is innocent guy
wait Goombario is here?
tubba blubba probably smells like dead fish Kreygasm
did you do all sewer checks?
he is technically a walking corpse
tubba is a zombie
can tubba be the next antagonist for resident evil thank you
funny how a cocnut is more useful than goombario
cocnut is the most useful item in the game
Gentleman's agreement to let you go
So I dont get it. where do all the clubbas go during the chase
youd think theyd be there to help big boss man
Mario is a sociopath
they went to the basement
cannonically mario does a genocide run I see
but the grabby guys too
Mario resets his genocide run and does it again
you cant kill those. where did they go?
you're telling me ALL the grabby guys were having a party in the main room and happened to get crushed
ok fair makes sense Kappa
stuck struggling under the rubble
ok does anyone know what manatees are referred to as when comparing them to a land animal?
because my brain immediately went "water bear" not "water cow" but apparently its water cow
just a random thought LUL
are you playing another seed after this run by chance?
I know the point of the rando is to beat it... but after I get into go mode I lose motivation
I'm 0.8k away from being able to redeem
but I want to save up for Elite Smash
I just wanna find things
OH MY GOD HIS CALCULATOR
HOW DID IT GET IN SPACE
I still believe in the peach's castle goombario
Had to step away, where was dirt?
WAIT I MISSED GOURMET GUY, FUCK!
what preset do you use?
I'm looking over rando settings
rip Koopa Bros., never seen again
I think you got him
pretty lucky is really cool
I love how you do the quick math
my brain is like "he has taken damage. nice"
alright we pray for the dumpy
how do I send you the settings/seed?
yay! does that mean you're playing another one?
@buff00n you're the real MVP! (: Thank you.
TOAD IS SHOWING HIS RAC LIKE 10 BUCKS ON SATURDAY
Mitzi is getting really excited
who has 10 bucks
typical... someone on twitch asking for money Kappa
listen I just wanna see the toad rac
I MISSED IT NOOOO
Phantom. Chat. I apologize in advance.
I was clicking stuff that seemed interesting to me.
I swear I've been at 29.2k for 5 years
I wanna give you a seed
YOOO my boyfriend went to get us some baja blasts and he got them for free! Today is a great day!
I could do 2 seeds right now but saving for that sweet sweet vip
It's a damn shame I can't share or combine channel points with someone
admittedly, that'd be busted
Well I'm about to call a Majora's Mask Rando race so I'll have to catch this one in post. Good Luck
I would give axl my points so he could be vip
you can delete from ED!?
this filename is gross
get rid of it
@RuneRavenFP better or worse than "Malort's"
The fuck you wanna gamble on
I hate this seed already bye bye
Before I go though, Title for this VOD: This isn't even my seed
cloud boi first partner? EZ MODE
I assume he just turned on random item start
I saw a usable Power Smash
I will make you windwaker literate this week so I don't have to talk during frame perfect shit
there is a setting that does stuff with glitches
Ouch, Bean on Rip Cheato 5
even when there is no cheating allowed !
He's not cheating he's playing as intended
The 3 fortress keys you don't need are just there for fun
do u have icon for trading event?
I mean something must be wrong with the rando since there are no cocnuts
Mitzi you should make a seed that has an inventory full of cocnuts at the start
I would also do that
That's a good reward
@know15 that would be so funny
I see you can beat chapter 1 as the devs intended
u got the best badge! deep focus
I want goombario to be on the stump behind koopers house
this is now a I spy a cocnut stream :)
ok time to lurk I need to watch this summoning salt video
I wonder if that's real
Go save him this instant
lakis long lost brother
Miyamoto here. I saw you reproduce many bugs in my game, Paper Mario for the Nintendo 64. We at Nintendo have decided that these bugs are a detriment to the Paper Mario experience, so we will be going door to door and patching the bugs by physically flipping the bits on your copy of Paper Mario. Expect me to arrive at your residence at precisely 4:20PM on the 6th of Sept. We hope this will improve your Paper Mario speedrunning streams on Twitch.
Axl_Sensei: Miyamoto here. I saw you reproduce many bugs in my game, Paper Mario for the Nintendo 64. We at Nintendo have decided that these bugs are a detriment to the Paper Mario experience, so we will be going door to door and patching the bugs by physically flipping the bits on your copy of Paper Mario. Expect me to arrive at your residence at precisely 4:20PM on the 6th of Sept. We hope this will improve your Paper Mario speedrunning streams on Twitch.
TacoGuyy: Axl_Sensei: Miyamoto here. I saw you reproduce many bugs in my game, Paper Mario for the Nintendo 64. We at Nintendo have decided that these bugs are a detriment to the Paper Mario experience, so we will be going door to door and patching the bugs by physically flipping the bits on your copy of Paper Mario. Expect me to arrive at your residence at precisely 4:20PM on the 6th of Sept. We hope this will improve your Paper Mario speedrunning streams on Twitch.
y so many traps
It was a trap! who could have guessed
Its ok you got the cocnut
believe in the cocnut
the seed giveth and the seed taketh
Honestly, I don't remember
oops I added it to mine not phantoms LOL
y so many traps...
look at ur badges
woah this toad house is so cute
look at that shelf
put on deep focus
It will help us gameplay
I appreciate the finer things in life
deep focus will help u focus making ur gameplay better
"I disagree with your existence" my new go to insult LMAO
these guys are so beefy wtf
that was a crispy staircase skip
It was like my favorite crispy chicken sandwich
bomb got to haopy
sis did not have to do you dirty like that
so bomb went boom from happy and became ghost
She's mad you didn't talk to her first
ooh yeah like... how DARE you HEAL before talking
I want to hurt you while you are already hurted Kappa
bomb needs to find twin to take twin body
she has a cocnut
that star peice could be a panel star pieces so it could not be vanilla
@PerMitzi still worth it
@phantom5800 did u check if u need partners to use them
getting personal stuff done in golf/tennis
Peach: Mario HATES Fire Flowers. Loathes the things.
your bot plays golf/tennis
Holy fuck buff00n where did that come from
star pecies for cocnut
He fucking swang the horny in bears replies
Bear was speaking my language
I responded in kind
I'm not either but was still not expecting it on my tl at this hour LOL
you should've kept it
And not acknowledged it
wacka should be 8 checks
attempting pokemon X nuzlocke
I'm gonna do a pokemon y rando soon
cause it was in my 3DS alrready
go get the cocnut
I too also use a 3ds to play my pokemon games :) @nintendo don't smite me pls
only other option is platinum
modCheck where he go
soul silver and Y have completed national dex
sing cost 1 cocnut
and Heart Gold, Diamond, White, and White 2 are still sealed
BLOOPER LET U PASS FOR 1 COCNUT
always name the female trainer Haleigh
BLOOPER TALK IN 3RD PERSON BC BLOOPER SEEMS LIKE IT
u can share ur sub if it resub anytime u want
@Axl_Sensei I usually name my characters Stinko but that's also a good name
u can share it on the last day of sub LUL
was it 11 months then
No you can do it twice a month if the anniv and the money desync
I had 2 on linkus' stream for a while lolll
so once eshop shuts down pokemon bank will be free, but once servers shut down we wont have a way to transfer anymore
It just doesn't allow a message on the money triggering one
I'm gonna fall while I watch gl gl
don't fall too hard
IT WILL COST 1 COCNUT TO PASS
Its nice pokemon company isnt shutting down completely
I am close to having all the achievements in fallguys
Mitzi, which starter do I pick?
always the fire one
the only way you dont pick fire is if the other ones are RIDICULOUSLY cute
I always go water except for gen 8 where I pick nothing
I dont remember the english now LUL
what if the weight is there tho
bow has it Kappa
Its male so HellFire it is!!
There WAS a lemon early on
Buff00n wants you to suffer
do shovel jump coward
sounds like you're just bad
Ive never seeen shovel jump
I've done it a few times
WHAT man I love seeing new stuff
Ive never seen shovel jump, you should show it off 4Head
ssj. Swag Shovel Jump
I see SSJ my mind goes to dragon ball
did u get the cocnut
I'm expecting to see more cocnut in the future
@Phantom5800 You should try speedrunning Paper Mario Randomizer - cocnut%
wow double fright jar?
@PerMitzi You should try speedrunning Paper Mario Randomizer - cocnut%
Hey man, I just discovered you through Youtube and have already watched several of your rando runs. love the content!
@Phantom5800 You should try speedrunning Paper Mario Randomizer - cocnut%
After seeing your gains from rando I can't fucking wait for wwhd rando
the double fright jar in the shop!
@Phantom5800 make a channel point redeem for paper mario rando cocnut%
that what I was saying that to LUL
@Phantom5800 I like cocnut% do u phantom?
this is a good emote
thank you I try
I love your bot
I do too LUL
It agrees with everything I say
@Phantom5800 make a channel point reward for a cocnut% speedrun
make it a million kagillion points
cats, with 30K points you can make him do any seed
only seems fair Kappa
Ive already redeemed it once
I already played my seed
and phantom hated it lmao
bro my random duo partner abandoned me.
I hope I win
me against the world
the volcano panel is so obnoxious
omg I'm cracked. I JUST GOT FIRST I BETTER QUALIFY
I'm a lily leaper legend
Yo they announced the next 2 avengers movies
They come out in... 2025
whats the point of announcing something so far off
unless its for shareholders
the last marvel movie I saw was IronMan 1
Its just a cheepcheep
not a good fish to cook
I just have no interest in super hero movies
yoshi will eat it
my brother had me watch batman vs superman. Its was fine but it was sooooooooo fucking long!!!
just give me a 45 minute marvel movie and I'll watch
@Phantom5800 can I cook the fish? or do u need it
If u get a fish
can I cook it so I can eat it
do u need the fish
did you ever give whats his face the mailbag?
did u gib vase
oh its the big boi blooper
did u beat chapter 2
did u beat game
Is it safe to assume that all the panels you havent been able to check are irrelevant or are you going to have to backtrack?
this is a tough one LUL
misstar said no <3
@Phantom5800 OMG IT BEST BADGE
IT WORTH LIKE 69 COCNUT
69 COCNUT - interesting currency there
quote 5 is a banger
oh that one is good too
LETS GOOO against all odds
HE JUST WANTS THE PAPER
either I get abandoned or my teammate is a literal child. fall guys duos is rough
"I was originally offered to be a train wreck"
OMG IT WAS A MOUSE WHO U GAVE U A RUSTY HAMMER THAT U HAD TO BUY TO SEE MOUSE
building is cocflaged in cocnuts
laki can go through walls :O we see this when the stairs flip :O LAKI IS HECKER
I forgot lakitus are koopas
how does a laki get a cloud
they were born with cloud?
u got lime candy for anti guy
we all like lime candy
anti guy no like leamon
anti guy like lime
but anti guy takes lemon to destroy it
thought u knew that
I can just see that the card shows a dried shroom and not a spirit
CAN I COOK IT
I WANT TO EAT IT
why no taste good?
It just a fish
a yoshi would eat it :)
ok I'm back from harassing's my pets
can I eat the dirt
It was a bomb... not a calculator u did not see that?
xfinity billed me for an extra month of internet after I cancelled my services >:(
told me it would be 2 months till I get my money back
why does mario not look at things before mario pick up things... mario could avoid so many bombs in chest
oh damn I forgot to call them today to bitch about it
I just wanna know the status of my refund
the thing is I was on autopay right? but when I called to cancel my account they made it so I couldnt access any billing stuff so I couldnt turn off auto pay after I called
so they just took my money
like how is that not illegal
And I used to work kinda in that field so when I went to complain the guy showed me his screen and I was BRUH I CAN READ THIS
I was finna fight
I once had it where Comcast owed me like $80 and I owed them $80 but they refused to just be like "yep adds to 0"
So I literally paid them and they mailed me a check
my lil 5'3 self in the xfinity store with my pink hair and flip flops
I woke up in a rage
kooper gets to be naked this seed yay!
bombette just sucks yeah clintB
her hitbox be garbo too >:(
Pick up an item while you're pushing a block
Pick up an item while you're pushing a block
thank god I'm not high because I would be losing my mind over these bot messages
I mean I do have some edibles left
@RuneRavenFP when's weed luigi
@buff00n You don't pay attention to twitter do you
That was literally something I posted immediately with weed mario shit lmao
boo's portrait at boo store Kappa
omg theres another pusheenicorn
there can only be one
@RuneRavenFP I was talking about an emote for weed luigi
It's in the name dumbass
potato and ice doll?
Ice potato and fire flower sounds like the lamest super hero movie
how did that baby seed end up earlier
those fp and bp values Kreygasm
GL on the rando whaccaStarkid
did you ever check antiguy Kappa
did you do prologue?
Watch that motherfucker have something good
OH SHOOT MOMS SPAGHETTI
someone lost their soda in the jungle sad day
Pollution in the rainforest moment
we havent seen one of these in a hot minute
early cocnut seed clintB
bow has the weight Kappa
worse than the island one?
throw out all the spear guys imo
Is there any way the rando will softlock you from progressing? Like key items in the last level
junior troopa softlock ive seen
egg boi bad boi
no wonder he was sitting on that panel
what about the volcano panels? clintT
understandable but I will remind you of them when you need em Kappa
Are all glitches allowed in rando?
not in the community races
Dude I just started a seed, no kidding watt, bow, and laki all in a row in Pleasant Plains
and sushie was being sold by merlow
too bad you dont need that key
Is normal logic off?
how about the jade raven?
yeah, you're gonna ride on sushie as she swims. 100% intended.
the land is water obvi
"the live bot" oh no
Yeah this is in the manual
youve been live for almost 6 hours, dont forget to hydrate and stretch
your bot has been poppin off
hey you can use refresh now!
Have you done Dolly check? It isn't checked off on the tracker so I'm not sure
goombario gave you a coin
Imagine if dolly is a coin too
It's a good YouTube title
guy posted a pic from a game shop. English Gregar was 100 bucks
Or something like that
GBA is region free too
oh? I thought you used GBI
umm can you delete that
do you use GBA for controller?
oh wii pro classic
This is a nice coloring for him tho
that gold crown lookin fresh
I did not know that was an emote
sore arm? stay away from hub KEKW
didnt check off the weight meow
whats the worst thing that happened this seed
this seed looks delightful just from the look of the tracker
M4 doing all cards, I walk in on fuzzy fight. "Good to see chapter 1 is scaled to chapter 1 4Head "
do you use balanced random for fp and bp or full
final boss goomba king
Ive been trying out different settings every rando so far idk what to settle on
ye balanced seems kinda stale for what I'm looking for
thatll be next then ty
people dont understand the complex masterpiece that is the goomba king fight. The goomnut tree provides a source of damage for both you and the king. It also compliments the prologue's story perfectly, since you fought the red and blue goombas already, their hp is reduced for the fight. I want you to praise the goomba king more, he deserves it.
bow looks like a normal colored boo
Is that outta sight 7 fp
why have you done this to yourself
how does he eat a lollipop so fast
especially one of that caliber
mario must have really strong teeth
remember to brush and floss if you want teeth like mario
small grammar error :(
stanley please save yourself
did you do yoshis yet
this is why I dont turn panels on (yet)
3 hours in not even go mode
what even is left
I had a feeling about that I was gonna ask
youve checked every shop?
did you do panels in shooting star summit?
did you do ground pounds in merlons house
did you do the extra forever forest checks
panels in koopa village?
did you do everything you can in mt rugged
It's gonna be something real dumb
mt rugged strikes again
parakarry having seed or train would be better
I feel like he did give letters tho
but vanilla parakarry is funny
you dont understand though
I hate the ufos
how stinky are the stinky herbs
gives you fortress keys and then you go to fortress and it gives you tubba keys
too much work I agree
I post my stream vods when I stream once in a blue moon
dont feel like editing stuff
I definitely can I just dont want to
just exit out of the game and put it in the recycling bin on stream
thats what I'm saying
In ancient china criminals were punished by the ancient water torture method. But the worst criminals of all were forced to play this seed
should have ended on the bowser fight in chapter 1
that would be really funny
I switched to my phone so I'm gonna have like 30 sec delay
Get go mode without moles and then do moles and then end the seed
See I said to do go mode without moles because I knew it didn't have a key
go fast for buffoon's standards
did u find cocnut?
vod will have "with a side of cocnut" in title
At least the hammerless seed was unique
Buy followers, primes and viewers on mystrm .store
If the bot let me buy cocnuts I would do it
I wanna make a seed where snowman's gift has like 6 toy trains or something and they're all traps
go in rigby chat and redeem chapter 3 sucks @phantom5800
I like chapter 3 in the base game
Not good for randos though
be funny if have coxnut
Is "coxnut" the plural of "cocnut"? teambnThink
Cocnuts is just a description of what they do, not the plural
well sorry your seed was crap, but I'm glad I made it for a stream! I'm moving in a week and have loved being able to watch your randos while I pack.
The WORST seed ever
the seed would not let me put it in the ground while other bad seeds let me put it in ground but it grows
but it does not *
10 is the record thus far
Wonder what's keeping JCog away for this long
He was streaming a seed on Goombotio today
Ah, I see, bummer
Ope Maddi is live
God that was miserable
geez, that ch1 start paying off big
Wth is going on
I love early raids for streams
I hope you have a nice stream
Phantom I just realize I didn't followed you this entire time LOL
Ope power just went out
you have to use mystery? now
Just the typical 5pm thunderstorm that made its way from the mountains.
I have no idea how Quizmo spawning works in vanilla lol
It's like almost everyday in the summer here
Omg windows forced an update too.
Yeah south East. Thankfully not florida
I just saw that you'd run Shadows of Almia and saw the notes LMAO
I'm not going to do that tho 8 hr run is a nightmare
go to ch. 3 to test?
Well that opened a good big
man I need to save 10,000 points for 4 great games and one random Hamtaro game
I can earn points if I tier 3 and do shit that gets me bonus points
yeah each is 200K
They're practically telling you to use it
Mega Quake pretty funny
Portrait just unlocks so much
I'd say do 13-16
realized you were racing while I was out grabbing tacos
Eh, I've had weight in gultch
twitchRaid twitchRaid Someone call for a Doctor? MD is in house!! twitchRaid twitchRaid GL
Very good, thank you. Got some help learning some complex trickery for Metroid Prime 2 rando
Stacked Guy's Toybox I see
I recognize those echoes. You found Power Rush PogChamp
hey how's the run going?
have we used the mystery? yet?
wait we have cake to feed the lad n' chad!
goombario is the hero we need
You were saying? KEKW
First time being able to watch a stream live POGGERS
Don't know why I got recommended ur rando vids on YT and haven't been able to stop watching them lol
same with me koop_troop
Helll yeah goombario. Just this seed tho.
Awwww yeah, Danger Mario
Is it possible to softlock yourself by buying the wrong stuff at merlow?
hello my name is Victor I have ADDHHD OCD AUTISM DEPRESSION ANXIETY AND SEPARATION ANXIETY
for N64 I got Mario kart 64 super Mario 64 Mario party 123 Paper Mario Zelda oot Majors mask Dk64 Banjo kazooie and banjo Tooie smash bros Pokemon stadium 1 2 Diddy Kong racing Mario tennis Mario golf
Could also slowly farm quizmo
omg your the chapter I hate this chapter
I meant @jasonv12 do you can't really get softlocked by buying the wrong thing
Don't you have to do blooper to drive to dark koopas right now?
Ah nvm damn delay
have you touched chapter 2 yet?
I've been watching you on youtube, first time ive been able to watch live
Its only the one well check that could be behind it in logic? not the blue gate?
Where's my flying turtle, dammit
The other day I did a seed where the weight was in the basement of boos mansion...
Oh yeah LUL Well point still stands
That chomp is a chonk
I'm convinced its faster to just go along pleasant path rather than go to koopa village if youre going to koopa bros fortress from toad town
Its only two screens vs like 4 or 5
sorry, dont mean to backseat
what emulator do you use? or are you on an everdrive
I'm debating getting a GBA everdrive
what are star rod mods
Does Black Pit still get updates?
koopa koot ~ trouble
they made berries a key item, why not the cake?
ahh, yes that is complicated
Is the trick allowed even if you dont have the water stone?
cuz that could skip some logic potentially
do you have a list of all the long checks you skip until theyre your last resort?
where are the leaderboards for the community race?
They should randomize the ruins puzzle solution
And the toy box color order
so you actually have to use the mystery note
No I mean, they should randomize the order for each seed
and same with the ruins puzzle
did you check rowf after beating chapter 6?
Is it possible for a seed to not need ultra boots at all?
Is it possible to not even get any upgrades???
being in go mode for ch 7 sames soo much time
still no muliverse... sign lol haha it's free for everyone now.. go get it lol
the "what" is in response to GamesBot
so you were running around looking for the "third" key when you actually already had 3?
oh yeah so that was your fourth?
Did we miss one in Chapter 6?
how close are these races typically?
wow that seems really close for how random it is
do you find out when they finish?
yeah wasnt sure if I was allowed to say
this fight is actually a waste of time lmao
Are you gonna make the youtube title related to the key mix up?
I just noticed no ultra boots monkaS
thankfully hammer sucks, I wasn't looking at that one tbh LUL
In a rando setting, you'd never need ultra hammer which is pretty cool
depending on the seed
Huh it never occurred to me there's no blocks in the way of just finishing chapter 2
just the three chomp room checks
Imagine bowser ever doing fire
and the artifact check
>most likely attack btw
oh wow he did it
ask and receive, apparently
I just always assume my run dies after peach beam lmao
what a weird pattern
That was a fight
guess that was to make up for that 1st fight where Bowser dicked you around a bit
thanks for the fun stream
GG, and good night psykitPsycho7
SSBB Subspace, Luigi Mario's Mansion, kami, Super Paper Mario, and Hampter
Yeah, mobile delay is something else
oh you have koopers shell too
we're gonna need more than 5 for that one lol
Celebrate by getting speedied
I am here, to "bless" the run
I like a pape
Why did twitch tell me that they're a returning chatter lol
You have to turn it off as a mod
I mean I'll keep it on
I didn't know it was a thing LUL
getting the pre-johns out of the way early Kappa
I just tried to get a dazzle from 2014 to work on windows 10 for pape. Now 7 hours of hell. What CC do you recommend
@Jhawk___ You ever get it working?
there's a pretty cheap jpn capture card you can get that runs retro games fairly well
el gato for older games can be weird on loading
I didn't. I completely lost the video now, and the audio keeps getting worse @dj_phatzo I fucked with the drivers too much and now I have a USB recognition error
ye gv usb is the cheapest option that actually works from what I hear
can we talk about how garbo that seed was
@jokehow I'll probably go with that. I'll be up and running on like thursday
I own a GV-USB 2, Dazzle, an off-brand Easy Cap, and an Avermedia, If you go retro, I would strongly recommend a GV-USB 2. If you plan to upscale get a retro tink and an Avermedia.
@Jhawk___ Feel that, I got mine up and running but only after a lot of trial and error :/
so the first thing I do is do the pond check in toad town... then I forget its a seed for FF so it took 4 hours to find parakerry. Didnt get ruins hammer until the THIRD visit FML
all I needed was miracle water to finish but quit before shiver mountain cause my left eye looked like a roadmap
@dj_phatzo I can't even do a system restore to undo what I did. It's greyed out. And no system restore folder in the registry either
It was so red
Hes here in spirit
I hope he's vanilla
once we get to fuzzy fight we'll know what chapter 1 is scaled too KEKW
nah cheddar chex mix the goat
what about sometimes vanilla checks? 50% any given key item or partner is vanilla
Gl have a good run on off to hike phanto274Lurk
I'm working on making the goomba king stuff shorter. will still be painful, but maybe less
hold up why's it spelled like that lol
@icebound777 don't worry about it
they have a cool theme
Is there any partner that never gets a move in?
Does Laki attack in spook routes?
yeah, sushie uses squirt and we cant have that in phantom's christian minecraft server
I shells spotted a chomp
then did rando and had to dnf because my brother is visiting soon and the seed was a long one
I was 3 hours in with 2 star spirits saved
Yeah that seed was wild
the first chapter done was ch 7
like it was an insane seed
My 2 year windwaker anniv is in the end of august apparently
I ain't playing on a fucking tv
You know how many tricks I would just blatantly not be able to do if you changed my delay
Now I'm curious, How many people from Speedromizer are gonna be at MWSF
I'm going for the con and to shittalk phantom during his rando
Thats gonna be one I'm gonna tune in for
I live an hour from the venue lol
I'm glad you guys got a saturday/sunday runs cause we can go to the local on friday
Shouldn't be a bad uber
Black ice also started requiring masks too so it's a nicer time
I'm excited for my first prime time run xD
Also Jibca has people to stay with in the cities so I don't have to worry about him
And I don't think? Jaemi plans on going but unsure
Depends how he feels after SC
He was on a break from competing but he's going to AS with me this week
It's gonna be a funass time
Funny enough, Helix and I have been trying to get Undertale in for a while now. Last time I ran at fest was also with a game I was trying to get in for a while.
Laki seeds go crazy
might have to adjust the settings string, it's gonna change soon
I would've liked to get in but since it's 2dcon I have other shit to focus on so I'm just glad the homies get to come
that should be fine, depending on how the backend changes
uh, this be under wraps tho ..
pronyo says maybe tomorrow
I'm very impressed how fast you can read Japanese
I like how that's a joke with this game but TTYD genuinely has sway recognizing kanji that fast LUL
Yea they have good resources
TTYD is a ton of effort but it's really cool
ttyd glitchless is pain to learn
I still want to eventually do it but I just have a hard time getting motivated for what I know I have to do
how did mario in this game get anything done even when bowser didnt have the star rod
I wanna do a walkthrough kinda before trying a full run but I burnt out after ch4
he just barely beat junior
All crystal stars doesn't do chap 3 :)
You just shelf jump
were you running on jpn?
pokemon runners hate this guy he never runs in english
stickshamO shrimpsDrip stickshamRiku1a stickshamRiku1b shrimpsDrip stickshamO
I think I'm just gonna run english since I already have a disc
For glitchless english is just text timeloss
@Ohrocks too much drip
You were too cool for the chat
I think chapter completes heal you right
It's not me, I can't control that
I think any% is still faster on en tho
oh I finally have a fitting emote
this guys menuing is INSANE
21xx is impossible I dont get it
Rune factory 4 is ten years old
every time I feel like its a good prologue its 2202
I NEED THE 2P
IT WAS RIGHT THERE!!!
2P Bomberman is the funniest shit to run
this is 3:59 pace Kappa
You need a beer to go with it all?
Why would Mario need more than 4 caps? He already has enough and one is all he needs. tacogu1Yes
the rando muscle memory LUL
place your Un-Rando Randy bets!
getting 1 is actually pretty good
skill based fuzzy rng
Phantom should I bring the PS4 to MWSF for xrd and shit
I can also just bring a monitor
My 2nd one is way easier to bring around
Just figured may as well if you're bringing a stick to play other shit at the con
welcome back to glitchless plupBully
It looks like it's just me and jibca so we have room out the ass lol
I'm almost surprised it wasnt double dink
I'm gonna kill him
I mean, he's not that much worse than the average twitch chatter
Is there a guide somewhere on setting up a uhhh "intelligent" bot
Almost as good as buttsbot
a good showcase run :tf:
sub 350 looks rough
One thing I super miss in strive after going to locals is vs themes
Honestly just instrumental music in general
Cause if you don't have shit unlocked on the setups you only have char themes
my next step is making my movement less homebrew
I lose so much time in open world
But yea I'm throwing together a playlist for music to use on stream and going through the xrd shit rn so that's why I thought of that lol
Also man I miss DI I need that ride the fire dopamine
Like you gave Ky a theme for his hair falling down in Xrd at least give him something for his DI in this game
what the frame window on cannon jumps?
I've hit the first one a singular time
And after that I just did the laki thing for rando
now THIS is a run
Its like you never left
must be coin blocks somewhere
you got the 5 loose ones and everything in fortress
RTA practice with full splits ez pz
It was the 2 coin blocks in first goomba room
might as well get reacquainted with the pain
you got them the first run
ye I'm still full baby route
I'll probably mess with new strats after I grind any% a bit
glitchless is so cozy
I basically need to get early laki and bowser fight down and I can start
ye I'm just bombing for now
I'm grinding lzs stuff every day waiting for muscle memory to hit
I wanna eventually do hundo but I dont want to face tank every cutscene
I have a goal for glundo right now lol
Ive read through the route a couple times but havent done a practice walkthrough yet
yeah its rough lmao
I hit 37 quizmos and stopped for the week
Its so useful for ch3 tho
Is the bot attempting to rhyme
Lots of vanilla items this seed
shshshshsh let the luck run it's course Kappa
ok yeah that parakarry is kinda oof BUT LISTEN
dink into basically a quad reroll this HAS to be the run
make sure you shellshot the chomp Kappa
my current pb has me being speedied cats4eSad
F O U R ?
you have to be joking
time to throw out the cart
get this cart exorcised
I warned you the dangers of pape and you still played
yo get no sympathy from me
If you get 3:49 might as well top10
cats4eWiggle because then I can watch the grind
mizti I wish you were around for my 3:49 grind
my irst 3:49 was a 3:49:59
I never shit myself so hard oing epilogue
Rigby235: I never shit
I found of video of phantom coding
dude I was drinking
Now youre cleaning up a mess
I'm not even sure I wanna finish derusting lmfao
but if I do play sometimes I will do some glitchless at some point
It would be cool if I finally pbed
no rng fuzzy, wow what a lucky run you got going on
Illdo a proper gless soon
I dont wanna end it on shell shotting the chomp
me blocking any attack LUL
maybe when my current work assignment is over I could crank out some glitchless
I don't have time to grind anything longer than mgr rn
I want a better time as well, ideally I'd like to bop sway but that is so far off and there are other things I might want to do
I'm getting paid very very well for what I'm doing
It's a lot of work though
It's also interesting to work for the elections board
oh yeah I got that,
I almost did it but let it sit too long
It's a really good deal
up to you of couse
but hello fresh is good and fair
It's the best sponsorship offer I've ever gotten
and it is the only one I considered taking
Ive been a fan of them
I accidentally declined free food from hello fresh Sadge
I would do it if I were you
I have never installed raid for someone but I would do it for you
I would do it if I got the offer
Also I hate fresh with this discussion I need to remove this emote
hello fresh is anti union so fuck that
that's a mega fucking yikes
May be why its a good deal
I got another offer from them
for even more money than the last one
I mean I care. But people can take whatever sponsors they want
they were offering me $100 per subsciption before but now it's $125
they're desperate for the 10 people who watch me stream mgr to see their brand
they are the raid shadow legends of food LUL
I'm one of the 10
sponsor wise that is
PerMitzi: they are the raid shadow legends of food LUL
I am also one of those 10
mx_four: PerMitzi: they are the raid shadow legends of food
Rigby235: mx_four: PerMitzi: they are the raid shadow legends of food
That's what monado said when I told him to add the emote
I don't like union busting but since I got fired immediately after spending 2 grand on gdq I feel like I should consider it
I prob won't do it
I just don't cook and don't have spare cash rn
I'm so deep in the hole after getting fucked by my last company
I still have to pay you for 2dcon lol
they haven't paid me for my last week either
I recently applied for a job since ive been jobless for a while. pre hire interview in like two days
I hope you get it!
Ryan if you say it
You applied to the one but I don't remember anything else
I almost never do that dw
It's gotta be really funny for me to do that
I would unban m4 even if I didn't have power
You can't unban Ryan if they're not even banned in the first place
I would never ban Ryan
I'm only gonna be working 20 hrs a week if I get it. I am so burnt out from when I had two jobs earlier this year. 60 hrs a week got me dead
Ryan come learn CT with me
I need to practice WW but I also don't want to get up to plug in my shit
how long is the run?
I can pick up extra hours if I want too so I think it will be a decent fit. 5 hours a day 4 days a week
that's really long for how much I'm working rn
If it's on snes classic
@PerMitzi that's pretty much what I currently work
I will look at it on the weekend
@RuneRavenFP Much more reasonably and sustainable right?
Yea it's a pretty chill schedule
you almost caught me drinking again
That is the best thing the bot has said all day
the lovely peril beeps
Phantom is like a Rhyhorn caught in Pokemon Emerald... Once it starts running, it doesn't stop. Its tiny brain makes it so stupid that it can't remember why it started running in the first place.
My favorite track in the game
oh wait I looked at the wrong message in my discord, my 2 year anniv for windwaker was on the 15th woops I missed it lol
EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE
EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE
mx_four: EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE
TacoGuyy: mx_four: EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE
I will never financially recover from your reset splits sound
Jesus christ it makes me laugh everytime
after speedrunning this game, that track just isn't the same without the peril noises over it
I'll teach you any%
I'll teach you windwaker
I wanna come back to this game, but I have like 239847928374923 things I gotta do first
log skip is free
I'm a log skip genius
no don't skip the pogs
I will skip all the pogs
there will be NO hype
All my homies hate jesse
I need to know if I hate them or not
mvdW < this bitch
I'll say mvd if I'm typing cause it's fast but I will always call him jesse
dude I just think of aaron paul
Also my uber to the airport at double down was called by jesse and the driver called him jestisee
No I will not say that name
If I was slightly more mexican I could get away with it
It's not racist if you're paying them :)
Bot literally said "Why did you send money to that *****"
And the paypal bot did exactly that
I should add them but I always forget lol
Is that why you were short last run
I left for 2 minutes
speaking of looking through the vod, did you find out where that one ruins key came from
mistakes were made... mistakes were always made...
Sausage, Beef and Bacon
for these rando races do I just need to pop in the pape discord
I could use some sausage, beef, and bacon rn if you know what I mean
Can you please explain
time to boot up my favorite wii u app, haxchi
ye ive got racetime
or sorry @nintendo it is brain age :)
a wee bit of racing
Technically not lying :)
I'll race someone in sm64, I just need a 15 minute headstart
I'll race someone in windwaker rando
I need one because I'm bad
I haven't played ww rando in a year but I can still do storage and shit
this 2 months of pape destroyed my sm64 consistency who would have thought :tf:
I decided it was easier to get sub hour in an entirely new game rather than shave 30 more seconds off my mario time
I do not currently play a game that could sub hour so I can't do that Sadge
Look the last time I played SM64 was when I played rando and got yeeted off the stage by the Chuckya
mario's fun though fr but I gotta be in the mood
Right when I spawned
Well technically I could but I don't wanna mss lol
yo luigI's mansion's a dope speedrun
tbh I'd speedrun all of them if I had the hardware
I have a 16.16 in 16 star and pape saved me from grinding myself into oblivion for those frames
I should play a single mgs game
I havent been able to play pape for a whole month cats4eDead
Rising looks hype but after my hitman kick came back I wanna play stealth shit
you stealth in rising
(in like 4 rooms)
There's a stealth segment in windwaker... but you can just roll past it
It is literally just faster to kill everything in most stealth sections though
raiden is too jacked
my sister's fave is 2
I love all of the metal gear games so much
Doesn't mgs4 have the movie ass cutscene
If I made a top 10 favorite games list it'd be lame as fuck because 6 of them would be mgs games
mgs4's final cutscene is deadass like 90 minutes long
My top 10 games has 2 rune factory games
some of it it broken out though
but all together it's like 90
I found it really hard to skip astral chain cutscenes
more like asstral chain
more like mistral chain
I'm an smrpg stan
emerald is a great choice
I'd agree with that
b/w 2 for me
what do you think of platinum?
"too much water" Kappa
but platinum had my boy Pochama
I think sinnoh sucks and platinum was better but not better enough to save it
was sun and moon really forgettable for you guys
gen 4 was meh at best for me
I played through ultra moon and dont remember anything from it
I enjoyed gen 7 when I played through it but it's so much of a fucking slog that I could never replay it
Johto best region don't @ me
that was a pop and drop type of gen
Imagine pape prologue but it's the whole game
and also final bowser isn't the end
and that's gen 7 to me
mario is anti social today LUL
My list off the top of my head would be like Windwaker > RF5 > RF3 (interchangeable order for those 2) > Ori 2 > TTYD > Smash Ult > Hollow Knight > Pokemon Black/White > Kirby's Amazing Mirror > and honestly probably maplestory LOL
what an absolutely wild list
Maplestory has lasted me 10+ years I don't think I can not put it on there LUL
I played maplestory back in the day
dude that shit is gonna be 20 next year
I played maplestory cuz a cute girl did lol
that game shares my birthday lol
I really liked marksman
@AudioBlood does she still play
I haven't talked to her in like... 12 years
I need someone to power quest with to max out my aran
but probably, she seems the type
maplestory 2 would've been in my top 10 but they shut it downb
I'm sad they shut down 2 so fast
you played it ice???
bro we met a few years too late
I loved it so much
I played a good amount of ms2 with my sister
I played priest and a soulbinder
Soulbinder was what I played
lemme find my screencaps
<- chronic support bitch
NO MY FREE VIP!!!!!
The other MMO I time dumped the SHIT out of was Elsword
I STILL play Flyff
I still do off and on but not to the extent of maple
I was a stereotypical wow nerd
I dont have screencaps sadly bc
I just got my aran to 200 on maple last week lol
It was something my ex and I did and they were always there
but I have like
visual memory of my ingame house
there is nothing I like more than an MMO with a group of people I like
but that's jsut so so so so so rare
when's the maplestory group
audio do you play classic
bc I play with tiff sometimes
they just revamped explorers again like a month ago
I do not play classic. I was considering grabbing it for wotlk tho, that was my best memories
I'm gonna play wotlk a lot probably
that expansion exactly I've seen on so many 'favorite game of all time' lists
Also m4 we still gotta play phas sometime
yeah, it's definitely my best memory in gaming
totc, icc, ulduar. how tf does that get beat
Anything I know about warcraft characters is from HotS
I'm down for phas at some point
after the new update drops
I have too many hours in it and it struggles to hold my attention when there isn't new stuff nowadays
I haven't played since before the last major update past testing my vr
I would kill to go back to the days of college just gayming with the lads in perpetuity. what a time
phas is too solvable and relies a lot on the unknown
so when you start knowing it it gets way less interesting
that's wehat kill amogus
I think that's why I'm excited to play it because I have no idea about the new patches and I'd be in vr
I miss among us nights but I don't miss among us
among us just got too solved basically. everyone got too good, impostors were boned
among us was fun for me for a little while but people yelled a lot in like every group I played
I miss jesse screaming at people for being dumb lol
fortnite amongus is the new wave
I played a bunch with popesquidward and his group. it got too yell-y for cOnTeNt
I think it helped for ours to last so long because we never streamed the shit
Jesse did sometimes but not usually
Brett was never there lol
I wish he was
Brett came if me and knives bugged him enough
The florida fuckers were great
DUDE KENDALL IS SO FUCKING FUNNY
Playing with cley was also an experience
That was when I started talking to jesse more in general lol
Cause I always feel like I'm just bothering someone when I start a convo until they start inviting me to do shit and I've never been able to break that mindset
I simply never talk to anyone that doesn't talk to me first unless it's in a public forum
like twitch chat :)
same, I never initiate with people. it's why my friend group is so small lol
Loaf is also literally just me besides him not speedrunning lol
Same name, similar hair, same character lmao
I always forget twitch is so young
my friend circle isn't small but
I have very few close friends
and even them I don't talk to all that much
The one thing I thank smash locals for is meeting jaemi/jibca
my relationships are all the kind where if we dont talk to each other for a whole ass month nothing changes
Because without them I have fucking 0 friends nearby LOL
I haven't talked to anyone from high school since about a year after high school. Which was about 15 years ago
My longterm friends I've stuck by are other tacoguy and his siblings and his cousin lol
This year is 15 since my senior year, graduated in 08
Nobody else has stuck around
@mx_four yeah same. the friends I have are the kind that just kind of endure
I do still talk to a few people from college though
A lot of my conversational friends are via twitch at this point though
What a coincidence, my partner and I talk ABOUT my ex a lot. But that's cause my ex is text book human trash :)
I make 300k a year if you count like 5 years as one year
But yea the friend I've had the longest is my favorite, we don't talk a terrible amount but he still puts up with my bullshit the same LOL
Oh oh, do they drop the line "i had a hard life growing up"
I'm going to throw up
I had a real rich friend in hs whose parent's died and left him their money and boy do we just not understand each others lives
like I'm not broke, I make ok money and my wife does too, we got some money in the bank (tho we lack assets a lil bit atm) but it's a whole other level for a lot of people
I'll take it if you don't want it
better than retail job phanto274Smile
House prices piss me off right now cause I can't buy one BECAUSE of the prices
my wife and I could buy one right now, but the itnerest rates are so fucked atm
I bought my house end of march right before the rates got fricked
It's awful cuz we *really* want a house before we have a kid so our whole lives are kind of on pause
I'd be paying like 1.5x + if I waited a month
yeah, mortgage payments here are about $500 more a month than they were when we started looking
1.9% on a 400k house? bro if you move you're cracked
Yeah I was talking to someone who bought a house near Seattle for like 550, and theirs is now worth 4+
California isnt any better fifiDed
All affordable housing was bought out by airbnb folks
C A P I T A L I S M
before I bought my house I was paying $700 a month rent for a 3 bed with a yard plupMS
just move to bumfuck nowhere Kappa
I used to work as an apt manager and we once found out someone was renting their apt out as an airbnb LUL
Want a cheap house? Come move to the North shore in Louisiana. You can buy a 4br house for like 275
like every other beach front property across the states is air bnb'd now its crazy
sorry ice but the only reason I'd ever go to louisiana would be to hang out with you LOL
This place is bootycheeks
I wouldn't even come here to hang out with me tbh
This place is fucked
louisiana is great if you dont live there
well I wouldn't come to kansas to hang out with me so I mean
It's not even that joke LOL
I eat so much when I go down there
I'd probably order uber eats then leave the state
The food is the only redeeming factor
I'm too stuffed to care about 99% humidity
the location of the sin is very important
It's 85 outside, but with the 92% humidity
I'm glad we have PhantomGamesBot on top of it
It feels like 104
"Yo Ice, why don't you go outside?
Instant sweat when you step outside
If I wanted swamp ass instantly, I'd open my front door
Its been over 100 almost every day for like 2 weeks
except today bc it rained
I'm ready to die
my ac is blasting though so its ok. as long as I dont go outside
take me o great rng gods up high
Ryan just... don't go outside :)
It is literally too hot for my window ac + home ac combined
Baby Alive on those days. - closed captioning
pretty good just did 3 hours of LuigI's Mansion 1
Ok I finally plugged in my shit I'm testing a couple things then I'm actually gonna do runs and shit for the weekend lol
I will likely do multiple unless I low 2:20 lol
But yea I can stall a bit and just practice more shit
I can self comm a lot of it but there's a few things that I def don't wanna worry about talking during
Depending when she does it
2 is the average
3 is like the max if it's a frame perfect wave
Joaish has one for the AAAAAA
Ok glad I didn't start my mom just said she'll buy me food so I will be back lol
Also did you know the tree wall you need the sword for has an invisible wall
Even if you hack in the sword you have to go to orca before it goes away
If you have an item to slide with you can get around it
Hundo actually has to lol
Is it faster to drop there than parrakarry over?
nice I'll get some free timesave now I guess
Don't get the hp/fp up badges
all the homies hate fuzzies
Well that could be cool
Don't forget to rebadge
Making up for lost time
If you die to lantern ghost you die in real life
no peach cutscenes really makes the game so much smoother
I've died irl twice now
look I've had 2, 4 cap lantern ghosts in my career of gless
I've only done 35 attempts!
got my sub 4 and ran away
I'll eventually come back
that's why you learn it with me
okay okay... let's not get too hasty....
Nope he said he'd do it. Tomorrow it is.
can we run the lottery machine one time please :)
what if you win big tho
I can't learn q64 right now, too busy learning CT
CT is a ton of fun so far
god I lose a ton of time late game lol
I'm looking at my splits right now, and my gourmet time was 1:36:25
then my run falls apart LOL
no my split time is for acquiring the cake
I lied to your face
so my run loses like 3 minutes in bowsers castle lol
my chapter 7 time is 3:15:20 lmao
Oh cool I see you brought out the better timer
Ok I'm going to screencap just the top line of that because that's REALLY good
I sent you the screencap lol
I love the typo'd chuckle
But do you really feel like it
I autofilled the wrong cake emote but I stand by it
wait what happened I was afk
nothing happened the timer is normal
I wish it was that easy to boot codes on wii u
I have to hard turn off the console and then boot multiple things in haxchi
So it takes like 10 minutes to switch lol
are glitchless saves online somewhere I didnt see them when I was looking
I pretty much only need through ch6 anyways
There's no nasb at ssc lol
S O A P
Game is absurdly fucking dead
C A K E
I was gonna make my own too but I never want to sit down and do it
@Iceblue a fellow man of culture I see
ADD THE SOAP YOU COWARD
That cake is WRONG
He has NO taste
I wouldve eaten the cake
how dare you ban him
gourmet guy is BEST GUY
the new fp version looks awesome
confident in final bowser monkaS
that's implying I'm confident on final bowser
I learned the lightning block after he lightning'd twice in a row to kill my god run
biwser just throwing out casual 1% odds
I dont understand this lure
I let him dance for my own mental safety
fright jar strats BatChest
you can block lightning now? GOOD
which fight do you use it on
added to my brain for the next bad run
Double dink was my nickname in highschool
be proud of me phantom I get the thunder rage in the desert and this fright jar :3
no I dont do that
I have to retract the peepoClap now
bombette hitbox is pooey
when I get back to running I'll try it OKAY so be ready to be proud of me LUL
yeah I dont believe you
Sounds like fake facts
sub 25 raph holy pace
I like the volcano so much
I like all the lil glitches you can do here in any%
like UHE and epic skip
I can do UHE
That's my favorite glitch
It's easier on the console than it was on emu
at least for me
k wait there is an early and there is a skip
I can do both
You should do a glitchless run someday and just have the tracker up and mark shit off
Run a tracker for gless
Keep up a bit too and be like "Weird for the update to add in prologue"
Streamer I don't know where you are in the run
My favorite badge, Spicy Soup
I will stop you
I'm really hoping itll be out before I have to run glundo
YOU HAVE 2 HP
phantom skip this please
please go in the wall
I can't believe you don't have Laki already
If you missed that you would have to reset
Save frames or reset
ACTION starts new game, loses frame on cutscene
Welp time to reset
Me with aryll waves
I'm glad we skip the cutscene of saving her now
Now I can pretend like she drowns in the helmarock cage
Yo what's BN 3 SS?
God I wanna learn a BN game
If I had 293847923 hours
How long is that run
SS in exe2 axlsenS
You don't know how much I love BN games
well yeah, youre comparing with a god there KEKW
The only thing I'd probably not like about BN3 is the bubble man section
How long is BN2 SS?
Why is my obs giving me audio delay issues now it has never done this before
nope, no idea LUL
Look, BN2 is my favorite one
Magnet Man's area gives me hot flashes
I love that theme
Does SS have manip?
did you do a glitch? gdqVAC
SS only has 1 manip at the start to get the style. And Jugoomba came up with a neat new manip right after the tutorial to get Dashes
But neither are required
BN2 just gives me life
I should go follow you on my alt
So it gets you closer LUL
Check your followers real quick
Style manip is even less important for BN3
hi new to the channel, definitely not an alt
yo thanks for the gift sub taco!
We love new faces here :)
I know all about gambling
The entire final dungeon is a casino
gamble gamble fast fast
when are you doing gamble manip?
welp nobody put money in
no points for them
Bro I'm at work rn and right when I joined some one spilled soda all over themselves NotLikeThis
You know why I hate moles
I'm still mad that I last locationed that final item
And it was at moles
I spent 45 minutes looking for that item LUL
I had 6 star spirits and 1 item from go mode
There was also a seed where I was looking for the last castle key..... and it was behind the first blooper check in sewers.....................
That ... I last locationed
set tracker on a timer so it auto marks them off with your PB pace LMAO
I like the idea of 50% vanilla checks but with a slider so you could make it as low as like 5% or something
Missed some checks :(
He dumped the rom contents
You're not even involved in the Z1R community and you're cracking jokes about that
What a time to play rando
I can't believe I got partner during all that LOL
I grinded 163 rando seeds...........................
I'm doing a OoT archipelago randomizer, I made mistakes
I went straight to it
Because playing with others was the only reason I'd wanna do it in the first place
Just osmething to do with friends
I made poor settings though because I don't know what I'm doing
Second, the first I did basic settings
one piece taught me how to say archipelago LUL
Raquiem of Spirit gave me Requiem of SPirit, what a rip off
(I need Song of Storms...)
I said "group of islands"
I did Shrubsanity and my Boomerang is in a Song of Storm grotto
Phantom when are we doing rupee/pot/song sanity?
I know it fairly well, but some things I blank on entirely
I'd learn that category, but I'd wanna skip Forest Temple cause I hate that place
Majora's Mask is what I'd wanna do but the randomizer is jank
I would only be interested in run Links Awakening Switch
I'd do glitchless tho
yeah I know, I used to watch it
The last time I ran it, my 1:10 was a top 3 time. Then d2 hinox warp was discovered
And it became a 33% chance your run continues
no way! Ice Streams phanto274Thonk
Yeah I paid for a custom prime badge
thats what I thought 4Head
I have no idea why obs has decided that audio delay will be an issue now but it's very annoying
Yeah Phantom you'll never see me run LAS
My capture card never did this before
That game is not fun to run anymore lmao
Wow this guy splices more than I do
Just inject Shiver Mountain into my blood stream
Then top it off with CK
CK is my favorite track in the game
he can still block Pog
when I ran through the glundo route this part says you can equip damage dodge and block one "if youre a literal infant at paper mario"
actually made me want to get the block down
my all time favorite is "blow up the rock and talk to the sun"
Why did kooper just stand on you
Kooper ain't no Shadow Peach
oops I crashed my wii u
I hit the wrong button while charging something
also charged for 5 seconds longer than I should but that's besides the point LOL
"Follow the channel plz"
Oh heck it's 9
like and subscribe for more hacked content
Imagine living somewhere where it's 9
Look I'm poor okay
West coast too expensive
The good thing about central tho
Is that flights are like equal price if you go to either coast
My vegas flight was like 180
Smh didn't go to GDQ
Could of hung out with Iceblue
I just didn't feel like taking time off work for it if I was going to vegas the week after
Literally could of hung out with Ryan and I
*chants* AGDQ AGDQ AGDQ
I will split a hotel with you if you go next year
AGDQ is like 99% Orlando
Land of the gimr
Just go anyway 4Head
Ryan and I will be there
Okay gotta get going. GL on the rest of this really good legit run
double button mash FeelsAmazingMan
You can avoid double button mash and do stick mashing instead :)
mashing is great because one day you max everything and the next you cant lift a damaged mole
real pain from hurricane
"I'm too buff to mash"
You are going to be able to crunch me like a fly at mwsf
watt are you doing :) :) :)
I strongly dislike those guys
but specifically the one that spawns in after monstar
I just forget it exists
glitchless castle kinda sucks ngl
after I learned the any% tricks I like it even less
I'm ready for 4/4 cannonless btw
dpad up for double jump Kappa
I could think of a few
the luck in these runs has been incredible
I didnt want to interrupt the dark room. I hate that room
dont forget slow go
It's certainly been a run
Ive been thoroughly entertained basically my whole work shift now I'm ready for the conclusion
my immersion is back
2020Party 2020Pajamas 2020Party 2020Pajamas 2020Party 2020Pajamas
Yea my obs has decided to start delaying my audio after a minute I have to play without or mess with my mic setup to avoid the monitor bleeding into the mic
I have never had this issue before this week
gg I'm glad you decided to force it
I will try monitor and hopefully it's not bad lol
Pause storage gonna be wack tho
I just clicked the button raid me lol
Also get in a call
why are my 7tv emotes becoming small
You're just showing off in case people come in from the Reddit post
lil baby ass pokemon
I have no idea what you're talking about
aw fuck yeah pain
I posted a screencap in phantoms disc if other people don't have the tiny emotes
I'm so tilted about petunia lol
hold up, is that the torture seed I refused to gen for you
she had the diamond stone the whole fuckin time lmao
I love Flower Fields. If I could, I would replace all areeas with Flower Fields. The amount of skill, calculations, and sheer intelligence involved in navigating the many entrances make for the most memorable area in Paper Mario. I can't think of a single reason why anyone would want to skip this area or even worse, remove it from the game. The only possible substitute that comes to mind is The Great Boggly Tree, but that is a story for a different day.
I feel like bombette will be a common early partner just to bomb trees lol
what a way to start a seed
Is that a flower fields copypasta
I think they're on pretty high
can't even remember the command smh
I remember how to do that command
who the fuck put that there
I totally deserve that and I didn't regret it
the merciful koopa leaf
YOU CAN DO THAT
do I actually not...
How does the pain taste
You've passed me again
I'm like 10 from 400
Oh shit it's past 4 I need to call this uber lol
taco wear that like a badge of honour
I actually need to work rn
lemme make burner accounts Taco
yeah, I kinda need that though, I still need to write 10k letters today for 2 last minute articles that got thrown at me today
I liked that bug
yeah, that had to be sacrificed for underwater traps
man there are like no drivers here I don't wanna be late to the local lol
taco just mss there
IT'S A FUCKING TRAVEL TOWN WHERE THA CARS
should this situation ever come up again, you can kooper whacka
just be a car yourself stickshamGaslight
It found a driver please take the ride I wanna goooooo
dude I don't wanna write those articles, the pay sucks Madge
Quake Badge without the hammer
off stream practice tonight
watt is good for heating food on the go
this isn't a "single white mom in Illinois" moment
Hey leave Illinois alone
yeah that was discussion today, why not shuffle all the block types, even save blocks
twitchRaid twitchRaid Someone call for a Doctor? MD is in house!! twitchRaid twitchRaid
More Echoes Rando practice for me. Of course I had to join in for max pain
this is the shared hammerless seed?
oh it was added?
The seed was trash. An early-game beam was locking itself and not needed
I still havent looked at the settings yet
do the laki clip into final bowser room KEKW
I always get a kick outta people taking to the bot
the what kills me andyLUL
bots are starting to become people
the bot will one day replace Phantom and he'll never be seen again
bots are taking over
monkeys at a typewriter, but you keep adding features
with deep fakes and stuff
Lyft is gettin the same nothing uh oh
...how that Koopa fly with no wing movement?
you just sleep and fly, ez
lmao imagine, just a bird swarm taking a nap, hovering menacingly
yo!! ChronoX is getting smart watch support!!!
my watch will truely become a PET
sharks sleep and swim. same difference
your tracker looks wider than normal
Is this just settings cranked to max?
how many seeds for ch6?
I just realized I haven't said sNeed yet
What's the new stuff
gdq runs could never do a rando with 1 key
Oh wow how many 10 coin blocks are there even
Ooh I see they got starting equipment in too
never seen 72 star points gained
Eldstar with the vanilla ability
the last important one is the ch6 seeds
other than that mostly bugfixes ... and random pitch LUL
sounds like a pretty cool update
I see that there's also one that changes the seeds needed to open door
Ah and if they're planted already they're not in the world to find
It's not as if there's 4 seeds and you need 1, but there's 1 seed and you need it
that's a new situation to be in
Are all the big chests boots/hammers?
It's really cool that these equipment config options give both tougher and easier options for folks
I mean, it is 3 in 5 that you get the hammer in the mansion
You can start with the ability to get panels, or you can do the opposite and leave a hammer behind
3/5 chance it's a hammer right
How would you get out of toad town
How many places can you go without jumping
what if you start with nothing and end with nothing?
Can't enter the mansion here, stairs
If you had Parakarry
Well only 1 way to find out
oh, before I forget, some news from the dev discord
dev team has come to an agreement to get full hammer/boots shuffle implemented in full
I like anything that adds something big to find
Those are always the biggest moments
Also only 1 bomb, not 3 hits
I'm hyped about full gear shuffle, it has been a discussion for so long
that would also make chapter 5 less likely to be the first chapter you can do
bombing the beach is pain
which is not a sentence a expected to type ever
you hit 400 followers
no local for me I love this town
BN3 BN3 BN3 BN3 BN3
that's like 40 seconds fast
I hate this town a whole lot but if I move out I don't have money to travel
you know what my favorite part of this rando is
the fact that you went and made a full tracker, bug fixed it a ton, and you use emo tracker instead
sadly the zipline cutscene is such a mess of a script, I was unable to shorten it yet
I was about to say. it LOOKS like emo tracker
chroma keying out the background?
Oh never noticed that
I just use the default colors they look nice to me
What do you like more about this tracker v chp specific item tracker
Mate...that key came out of a badge block NotLikeThis
non-suspicious ruins key out of a red block
nooooo the volcano panels
you cannot get to the first panel?
I've had my account since 2012, so...
There's an imposter among us
honestly, I had to think about that panel for a moment
holy fuck defend plus is 1???????
okay this seed is free
all my seeds lately have been laki start, feels lime a waste for me to have it
what if YOU'RE trash
you didn't even start with extra fp and health smh
water stone reminds me of vaporeon :)
mario should be the mailman. he does every other profession so why not?
everyone is so rude
I can't believe this
You appear to be in a "amused but not happy about it" mood.
I can't BELIEVE this
Cheating on twitch dot tv
Job interview went good. I'm at plasma now phanto274BLANKIES
so wtf do I do with my day now I was ready to be gone until midnight
People seem to have found a replacement for vrchat already lol
THey crashed the servers of it because 10k people tried to join at once
How is the seed so far? phanto274Sip
Yeah especially since they removed blocks
I wonder how hammerless will feel with gear shuffle
Hey streamer what will you do if you acquire goombario?
Could that have been a blue block
If someone pays me I'll do seed where I use goombario only
There's not enough money in the world rigby
Oh wow you have to fight this dude if you get the hammer
damn twitch not paying you enough or what
Just homeward shroom 4Head
that could've been a super block
unless you homeward shroom
they only react to jumps, so it would be moved up when spawning
that was an upgrade block in my seed yesterday
I should do one of these tonight
Can't wait to get stuck for 5 hours
Since I'm not gonna cheat like SOMEONE here
We literally just need magic Seed Y to get Chapter 6
Fake Ultra Stone, yep
wait did you reorder the seeds on tracker to line up with in game order?
we all got bodied
blessed. because the original ordering low key tilted me a bit lmao
we're pretty good lately in getting the first tree wrong completely
I mean he's not home..
I have a name you know
phantom, theres a house for sale. Wanna be my neighbor? 4Head
Couple of Flower Savers would be nice
perfectly coded video games
thank you for teaching the younger generation the importance of cheating
It's not cheating if you don't get caught and bowser didn't catch him
I caught him tho
that laki jump is bad
I'll learn then turn on everything
I want laki to hold bombette
the back up isn't too bad if you learn it
mind me posting the clip of Kolorado's wife to the discord, I'm still giggling about it
oh, sure, cap'n can post it if they want
yo nice 3rd try
damn I missed the hammer?
You did that whole puzzle
Just for the coconut
Wait, you have Diamond stone
As he's about to cheat
No idea, I just call races. It hones it my Eagle eye
Are those the evil toads?!? LUL
Mario got that good credit score
I should make a layout where my gameplay is tiny and every part of the tracker takes up the rest
btw how long does glitched of extreme normally take?
fair. since I won't be able to play until 10 but still wanna do a rando
I also suck at glitches so there's that to take into account lmao
Don't be like this guy
I can't help it. phantom is shaping my innocent mind to be like him
don't leave poor Bambotte behind. long forgotten sister
It was a maple
ngl both ices having a shade of blue as their name is tripping me up
so proud of my self, fought dark mega with just shadowman
well I saw you missing 1 fp
so I put the pieces together
why'd you kill him
pls be required....pls be required.....
uh oh, red vase
the god seed. both bombette and watt are good
I played enough rando to know there is always a catch when the seed is good
what're these bp costs jeez
scarf is in outpost shop, ye
Scarf was in DDO shop
no wonder the shop in the literal desert can't sell a scarf
hey the scarf can keep the sand out of your mouth and eyes
random pitch pop diva is a blessing btw
your bp costs are horrible what the hell
you bought garbage, it's a fair trade
what about the upstairs item in the sand
ah. the jump isn't too terrible
kind of weird, no Parakarry so no letter delivery, no koopa legends so no koot favors ..
time to reroll the seed
karma for all the cheating
"goodbye" is the first thing I heard upon putting my headphones back on
the county has asked me to come back for another assignment late next month
legit, I am considering a goombario only seed, someone talk me out of it
sometimes good things happen
this is the most money I've ever made
Good for M4, bad for rigby
could be an in to a government job too
Rigby, don't do it
If you do it, you're uncool
I'm a tsareena player ice, I'm already uncool
I need to play more
I smell a danger setup
How far are you into rank?
vet, I didn't play this season yet
I need a duo
I just gathered emblems and that's all
oh you don't know
It's like sonic adventure 2
I love that game
gacha essentially for emblems, and you equip them for extra bonuses
hi to you too ice
emblems is why people run shell bell now
lemme get the credit card...
hello there how is the run doing :D
It's a reason to use the energy system or whatever
gacha is 0 syllables away from gotcha
hmm maybe I need a gen a seed now
cool down reduction is way too powerful
dive cram has 0 cooldown
the cheaf gave you the lucky coin
you found the money store
Rigby come explain all the new stuff to me
welcome to money store there we give money
I'm too stupid to read
alright gimme a sec
Hmmm, methinks either Master 1 or Chapter 3
I'm not denying it...
para where r u bawkSad
deep para with letters sounds interesting lol
para final item from koopa koot
I totally forgot about the room to the left of here
para in 6 round 2
you can ban me
If it's actually true
he's too sexy aha
If I call that
For those just coming in, a reminder that 3 seeds were pre-planted
parakarry behind water stone, you're good
just be careful ryan, annie is very territorial saberaSweat
I can observe and not touch
Found the mail turtle
ace or not, they'll fight iceblueLUL
Jibca managed to convince me to play dnf again
Rando mailman % let's go
that's 3/5 of all letters
I finished my trials for dragon knight and she's cool
how about I dont even start
can't start if I'm already finished
For some reason the little baby bitch dragon spinning does like 20% LOL
looking at your input display it looked like you pressed both to close the partner menu, then only pressed cright when trying to lakijump
Mario has a squeeky clean.... nevermind
off by one glitch input lol
money does grow on trees
Goombario could charge if you really wanted
do it coward. ice won't give me permission to use goombario but you should take it
Yeah he'd have to go upgrade, if he really wanted
That's a time loss
No one loses time here
If you're upgrading goombario you've lost a lot more than time
probably in the palace
I mean 2 seeds ago
I had red key.... in the red key spot
I swear that one is real
btw ice I got like 10 min if you still want me to explain the new unite shit
It's about as real as your bn3 run
how much to talk you into a serenade run?
everyone has a price
Ok so what's the price
Got more interesting just now, Star phanto274BLANKIES
I made Glenn type out Slugma on his Pok'mon keyboard
I saw the opportunity
you actually have mega rush?
He didn't have these for multi I missed them
yo that's good for bowser!
I should just do windwaker but I'm waiting to see if coney does anything I want to watch lol
Koopa Koot loaded, sheesh
coney guessed a carrie underwood song immediately on heardle
he really is white
I saw you got koopa koot stuff
Rigby and I giggled
gdq told me going to chapter 7 is very bad
I believe in you
they did another pape rando one the gdq channel?
what a silly guy
It was hard to watch
Like no shade to the guy but like I just want them to have a pape player showcase it
was it done by the same guy like the first time?
yo rando race next time?
mh. no clue how the gdq channel works. maybe they were the only ones submitting
His estimate was a 3:30 starting with 15/30/30 and only needing 5 star spirits
4th ruins key will have palace key
no clue how casual the gdq channel showscases are. maybe they don't actually want a speedrunner wreck a rando?
lets GOOOOOO palace key
My sub JUST ran out but I can't prime
oh I see who it was
won't name drop, but yeah
I can see the favortism
I can also tell you they are friends
the host and the person
Feels like numbers and friends are what get you into gdq a majority of the time
And kinda hard if you don't got the connection sometimes
@RuneRavenFP not always true, I was able to get in with a Challenger Approaching
but only because I previously commentated on a show before for the same game
Ik it's not impossible to get in
Just seems to be a heavy screw towards the favortism side even keeping in account the new peeps
dude the mayor went out of his way
to continue the trickery
The mayor places every bomb in rando
I can wholeheartedly agree with some things like a person who isn't familiar with a game, getting to showcase it
like I'm going to be LIVID as fuck, if someone gets BS Legend of Zelda into GDQ because they received the GDQ raid and was playing it
who also knows literally nothing of the background of the game
like, I routed the game with jsr, and I grinded that game. I went learned all the lore and typed up a full document of the global drops
and someone jumps in runs it for 2 weeks, gets the GDQ raid, and everyone is like HEY YOU SHOULD SUBMIT THIS GAME
NGA but now with glitches
oh uhhh lemme get it
I'll do comms for your bn3 ss run
I don't even know anything
mayor is out for blood with this palace gromfaKekin
Yeah I can watch a 1am rando
Yea I'm confident in covering everything for WW but having you there will just be nice lol
using discord for discord things?
tf is wrong with you
"I knew that was a trap I have the D!"
Thats to be expected
Some days you just want more apparently
whens phantom quote bot
Sometimes you just need twice the D
here it comes y'all
38k points away from VIP
7 traps in palace
What item are you looking for?
I didnt count but it sounds right
Child murder is ok if it's in toad town
Ok coney is reactioning so I will play ww
have fun finding the bullshit
No I cant say I have
Ok.. 2/3 still possible
1/3 is passing if everyone in the class failed and the prof curves it.
Calc 2 was rough.
It'll be a fake parakarry
so I can get banned
Oh I got 0 from the prof in the lecture. Also ended with a 32% and didn't pass with the curve cut off of 33%
When was the last time you got an item
Yeah a not bad professor makes quite a difference
Thats not a real item
Hidden block outside of Koop village?
Unsure if it's better or worse if that's it
how'd he get there
what channel did you say that friday thing will be in?
There's an imposter amogus
o/ lurking today has been nice cuz axle hasn't been chatting
My main goal is to blow up
Saying my name and telling someone 'no'
what if I call you number 15
goomba king is also a culprit
what are you checking last?
ALL THE HOMIES HATE MOLES
Wait so you didn't need to deliver a single letter?
What an extreme seed
I suddenly don't wanna do a pape rando tonight
Cause moles will have something
And I'm gonna hate it
listen I literally played the game for the first time ever in January
my rando race time is competitive in rando races
I do flarakarry and the one in Ch3 with parakarry
thats the only gltiches I know KEKW
Gotta do the ch5 block to skip the water block puzzle
yo turn this bop up
IceblueRave iceblueRave iceblueRave iceblueRave iceblueRave iceblueRave iceblueRave iceblueRave
better luck next time
6 fp for jump charge
Gotta keep that dizzy dial
damn too bad we don't have dodge master or something...
I have no idea if it does or not
I Just went watched the vod
How did you lose repel so quick
That's what we call a scam
Feeling fine + repel
woah peach in the crystal palace
wow feeling fine sucks
what a shit badge
toss that shit in the trash
Well, it's actually just trash.
Wait did I walk into buttcheek
what even is that last one
Ive never heard of it
Ezekiel2 Ezekiel2 Ezekiel2 Ezekiel2 Ezekiel2
Salty send back phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
tubba key behind red jar
Hey phantom!! Good luck
Hello! Hope you get the good RNG!
oh god that did not show up on stream LOL
I guess you were just focusing on hating starting with Goombario. XD
taco threatened me, I swear
you are just a hater
wait what'd I do lange
the self-promo channel is a threat
taco pinged everyone in there lol
Imagine if the RNG was so bad that every partner other than goombario cost like 6 star pieces from Merluvee.
I'm trying to draw, so I'll be lurking. here but lurking phanto274Lurk
go get spook and come back lmao
just get to one lol
okay how about no, bot
I'm down for that Bomberman game and category
The heck is Mario Glider?
and Bow has no idea
wait we have Goombario!?
just beat antiguy lmao
So far all the seed checks have been traps. XD
The bot will stream soon
he is a rando player
how could it be impossible
how do you already have 3 seeds
how much health do the shy guys have?
do you have any shooting stars
I take it the third hammer check is in that place behind Goomba Village?
just grind levels 4Head
well if you had two shooting stars and a life shroom/repel gel you would need
or one level so you could get enough fp for outta sight
Can't wait till they eventually add a setting that makes it possible for hammer and boot upgrades to be anywhere.
how is blue station of toybox block3d off?
theres the first shooting star
kooper said fuck you
now just grind to level 2
now just life shroom or repel
theres the life shroom
It wants you to kill those shy guys
I like how it's all falling perfectly into place.
wtf is with these traps
Miyamoto said you better fucking play my game
He made this seed himself
Wow you actually got a palace key this time
Goombario is looking after you
He even gave you 69 star points
but thats a shroom cake
not so gourmet anymore I gues
more like cake guy
Why he gotthat up his ass
The trap I frames saved you from the encounter :)
"It can't be that hard" THAT'S NOT WHAT I ASKED
those locks are huge though
Seeing pink station done with parakarry out and not clipping is painful
cause it's not even hard
It was smash charge
can you even go to red station without hammer
this is gonna be the first time chapter 6 has been cleared first ever
dont you need watt to fight fuzzipede
this is actually going to be the fastest chapter 6 clear in randomizer history
I dont understand these settings at all
why is the super block a coin block
the answer to what's on is yes
but why is the super block a coin block
so they can be anywhere
has to be a multi coin block
Is it really rando?
Is it really pallos
Off to great start
Hey I gave you 10 whole seconds this time
I appreciate shorter time
I gotta head out, goodnight!
Hops on fence and breaks reality
You're right, it could've
Makes sense to me
And skips entire world
Damn she said fuck you
Thats a lot of dudes
She had to walk backwards lmao
How much would Zap Tap have to cost to be equipped?
Yo the best attack FX? Pog
What is that key?
You found her frying pan she gave you her credit card, fair trade?
Game wanted to make sure you could pick up that pebble LUL
Mario juggler of coconuts
Do you have everything to beat chap 4?
What does it say when the hotel staff leaves /you/ a tip?
I'm starting any% tonight tho so different pain
would you say this run is better or worse than yesterday?
Does that mean Anti-Guy is scaled up as well?
all bosses rando run rn
that drop attack is actual cheating
oh yeah I forgot about the wind too
man buzzar kinda sucks
wait they added dropping?
Is that in vanilla or the mod?
every time I come here I learn something new FeelsAmazingMan
no I missed it
wouldnt it stop claw poson
No not feeling fine again
parakarry is under there
Not only did he lose all those letters, he lost himself
Parakarry for the mailbag would be funny
parakarry final koot favor Prayge
shouldnt be prying into other people's business
what do everyone love
oh yeah I'm all over it
love that garbage ass garbage
I guess I missed that in the update notes
Yo, backtracking? I didn't know this was TTYD
I thought the boss was the eruption
must have been crunched for time
parakarry def drowning by blue baby yoshi
Are we saving the Yoshis today?
should take the meal
but only to explosions
Oh god tomorrow is friday
how much garbage do you want for comedy
like do I veto a mandatory gk seed or something lmao
I'll gen some this weekend
I'll try to make it interesting combat wise but not too painful on the backtracking
goombario start, got you
It started with goombario and you didn't make a new seed?
green station actually blocking progress imagine
kinda sick upgrade spot this should be vanilla
Even more mandatory than Parakarry LUL
Take off P-down for All-or-nothing?
Does the light hp scale?
FWIW that one branch in Flower Fields has 9 checks
There was one invis block you didn't check on Yoshi beach
Try starting a little lower?
It's up to try
Sits up ffs siri
It looked like you were oob and fell the full time and respawned
so it tried to spawn you oob
makes me think maybe right is correct
Is there a way to get up there with Ultra Boots?
Idk though I've never tried this
Nomadimouse I believe, also you got a letter to Franky (don't know if you marked)
In the weekly async, it was the same story. Apparently he was at the end of Crystal Palace LUL
If I have blue but not red after a number of hours that honestly makes me more likely to go to 7
Buy out tunnel man
To be fair, I think a lot of this was in logic a while ago
You had early chapter 6 and iirc the yellow berry was just on the beach
I want to say it was also in 5 but I'm not sure
Why are those shells moving? monkaS
Did not know those moved when you shock Tutankoopa
It would be nice if volcano blocks break when you open the chest if it's not a hammer
most chapters seem to have like, one glitch that gets you to most of the chapter
Glitched logic could lead to less backtracking, but I feel like it could also lead to more...
not even go mode
Blue key time YEP
they didn't give you star points
have you checked moles
my 100% correct prediction rate
for me the hardest thing is memorizing which koot npcs are active and able to give me their item at any given time
hes a nice guy
I still think a setup could maybe be found to get on the bed
I'm so tired and its only like 9:30 pm for me
at least I can get some good sleep tonight
he signed the mushroom
I couldnt beat master 3 in my casual playthrough
Master 3 is probably not in logic but the other 2 probably are
You're missing Fortress Keys
Have you? I wasn't sure
dang hes salty about that loss
so angry he smited you
dont be so rude hes complimenting you
Fitting timing on the bot I guess LUL
whenever someone uses the WeLovePrologue emote it says that
It has a cooldown tho
Do you go by Phantom?
because prologue is hypnotizing
prologue brainwashes the masses
your friend literally wants to be pokemon
one day the bot will say something with cocnut in it
Do you have the blue key?
wow... thats desperation haha
I love nacho fries
I just learned about nacho fries last night when my friend ordered them--so gooood
why does taco bell keep it off the menu they could make bank if it was permanent
I feel like you must have hit all the replenishable checks outside ch8 by now anyway
or is it permanent now
Someone said earlier you missed a block on the beach
do you have merluvlee on?
did u give rigby the seed baf00n gave u
have you been doing radio
just tell rigby its a bad seed
rigby is live rn I think
realistically if I saw a coconut check I would ignore and forget it
If this is something useful it will be the first time I've ever seen it happen
You know what would be really rough this seed? Shy Guy items in Blue Station can be replenishable
What was on the Parakarry roof in Blue station again? I remember you considered coming back for it but it might have just been a badge
anti guys most valued possession
we love master 3
do every other check before master 3 because it will be funnier
what if master 3 gave you luigis autograph
that would be funny
oh nice I took a nap and you're still going Pog
Do you actually have 1 of items you need and didn't mark it?
lol we dont wont a repeat of the "third" ruins key fiasco
change ResidentSleeper to be mario in bed
I don't think you can change Twitch globals but you can have extension emotes like Bedge
oh yeah I forgot about Bedge
send this seed to rigby lol
rigby did not see it all though
still send it lol
wasnt d down jump a win tho
Did you do prologue panels?
I spy is off?
can you ask merluvlee for a hint?
did u do cocnut check?
checks pass jade raven
no way it's a shop
no blue berry means theres a replenishable spot somewhere past where you are in logic?
Goal was sub 6, I smashed it!!
Did you check both blocks when you went back to beach? I think you hit one, assumed you hadn't missed it, and left
blue berry is pretty much free, so I can't see why you'd not buy them
Also, did you ever check the Ultra blocks here?
ultra boots blocks on shiver mtn?
ultra boots block on shiver mountain?
YEP last place you look
dude my little brother just asked for my help with a fly
After repeatedly mentioning it too oof
hes so scared of them its hilarious
where was luigis autograph
I walked away for a sec--did koot give you the letter and then it was a trap??
Cake mix was in a shop... Chapter 7 maybe?
I'm positive it was a shop, it was one you mostly cleared out too
It might have been YoshI's
I think I've never gotten far enough in the chain to need kooky cookie
I completed the whole chain in my casual playthrough
I hate that stupid turtle
I hate how you can't read the news ahead of time
It's not like it changes
there should be community written messages on the newsz
honestly making it the pro tips from the website would be kinda cool
It should be all 57 of zote the mightys precepts
now thats over I can celebrate with ribs LUL
I'd be surprised if it's not
I wish I liked meat because so much stuff with meat looks good
Idk what it is it just doesnt taste good
Yo, 4 and a half hour run wow
So this is all sanity?
I dont need it.... I dont need it...
youre like a man crawling through the desert right now
Should be YoshI's shop
I just remember the shop being half-cleared out
what about boo shop
It was somewhere stupid
I think it might have been in toybox
I remember seeing it when I was still in stream at the beginning
does it have to be in a shop or could it be a tree or bush?
thanks old man for nothing
whats wrong with dusknoir
Imagine if ch7 wasn't locked behind koot
and that was the only missing item
go mode, if you can even call it that, haha
I kinda knew it?
I said toybox for cake mix but I will take what I can get
Wait is it actually a feeling fine play?
never feeling fine again
Inb4 the skipped defend plus was 1bp or something
Is 3 vanilla? that seems high
p up d down?
p up d down is 2
clover's chapter scaling does not always perfectly match the vanilla numbers
so it could be 2+1
Whenever I watch the mash out of the tuff puff attack, I always can't help but remember Stryder's mashing out of it in Master Quest
does that work will all AOE?
It's specific to how fast the AOE attack works
mega bomb, pow block, fire flower is what works
Interesting! I know so much about this game but theres always more to learn =)
It was mega bomb that I discovered the behaviour from but then went back and retested all
the funny thing is, I didn't test pow block at first, because I never knew that it worked on flying enemies
that shocked me to find out that it does
If youre playing with settings that require bowser castle keys, can a bowser key be in star haven? or blocked behind something thats blocked behind something in bowser's castle?
I'm confused how the lemon was in ch8
because lemon is required for ch2 in logic, I thought
how extreme has the pain been
lemon or lime works
that wasn't my understanding and the logic at least doesn't know about lime working
ooh, that's a nice palette for Peach
Iirc only one lemon in the entire pool though
good luck with extreme pain BegWan
that's why I'm so confused
hmm, a quick google seems to suggest that lime doesnt work
he just calls you a good person then tells you to buy dried shroom and dusty hammer
oh is scarcity turned on
yo! my steve amiibo drops on sept 9th
man down bad enough to check peach library
just checked--default extreme shuffle has no scarcity
just remembered moustafa is not needed for ch2 lol
moustafa is a lame phony
why are all the blue skins for characters so good
maybe its because blue is awesome
cuz blue's the best color
big blue fan here
not the mario kart track I just like blue alot
does that mean the letter is the crystal berry checkin
that's like, the only place you didn't look
The bot is tired of this seed
actually true and topical message bot
He said end this shit now
Is the bot AI generated messages?
heal then shield then heal
finally, the classic paper mario experience in a rando
looks like it is possible
Just get lucky 4Head
Ah, I see Final Bowser also is giving you trouble
they did but you used them on master
I guess this is a reason to savescum before fighting master
you just need to get obscenely lucky
quick change woulda won you the fight
What a lucky day.
No luck all skill
Go buy a lottery ticket
every opportunity is presented by luck, it takes a true master to take hold of that opportunity and turn it into a success
but yeah you got stupid lucky
Is this for sure the same seed?
You went there for cake mix and I don't think they were there
look where red key is to confirm
Will you post a vod?
one of my friends is doing casual bn4 but he hasnt started yet
you gotta play xeno tho
never seen that yakkey menu icon lol. gl hf
oh, I have to correct myself, the current race particitpation record is 11
Could probably clobber together a tool to do that automatically
That's how it's done in z3 rando if you want more features than what the main site offers
uh did the race settings change? I think block shuffle is on
It says so on the seed page
1 FP Power Shock? Again?
ohoho, we got Rando Randy sNeeds?
I always seem to be going to donate plasma when you stream on sundays BabyRage
I love all of your paper Mario Streams I enjoy every minute of it.
Yo at least we both consistent
Taco had a fine run yesterday
That's a lot o star pieces
Nothing early boots can't fix
howd the rest of the marathon run? I had to leave about an hour or so in
Do you have traps on?
which partner did you start with today?
Imagine it's forced Yoshis Kappa
The Boos are selling Bow lol
Hope there's nothing on that one Kooper block in the volcano I guess lol
Is this a new setting?
are they planning to include ? blocks or non-coin brick blocks?
I hope it just a Mushroom on the block in the volcano.
I forgot to tell you that your mystery? usage yesterday was incredible
I hope you had a great weekend.
I saw your Pokepark run not too long ago and found it intresting
bp is balanced random
90% +-2 same weights, 10% fully random 1-8
I hope the power plus badges have lower bp.
yeah that's probably a game
O fish! can I eat it
I think that's still one of the not-bad Harvest Moons too
can I eat the fish?
back to nature is the PS1 title
can I eat the turtle?
can I eat a cocnut?
why is there not a cocnut on tracker?
If traps r on then it trap
nothing can be vanilla
traps should be on for race
CAN I EAT IT
More Cocnuts. I wonder if he would be here on Mount Rugged.
y did u not pick up the cocnut on mount rugged?
Howdy. YouTube vods brought me here HeyGuys
the classic rando gamble
I am now in love with twitch you have all of my support <3
Been watching for a couple weeks, cool to catch a live one!
what a merlow shop
There he is .
As early as you got Super Boots, it's also possible Merlow is earlier in logic than you think
If you do LP skip, is it possible to go back and beat them or is your run just invalid
One of the more easier fights.
Should I share what I know about the scaling?
I wonder with chapter will be chapter 7 scale?
There is also just a doc which I always look up
Though I can reaffirm that Fuzzipede is part of ch5 for scaling purposes
knowing the scaling isnt all that important
I guess you can't do glitches in races?
glitchless with an asterisk
I love Watts color.
Want to get off of Mr. Spring's wild ride
@Icebound777 LOL that is a good one.
littering poor Lil' Mouser's shop
I wonder what Ralf will give you?
definitely not in a Nintendo game
How much is Watt's FP moves?
If you mean the one to get to the upgrade room it's not too hard if you just buffer up-left out of the loading zone
You can now get Bow now.
so it's technically left of up left?
that's so bad, holy
Huh, did not know that (I play on emu w/o notches lol)
so you want a worse cotroller for it
why's this not banned for weeklies again lol
IMO the ruins jump is easier than the one jump in Blue Station right side but that's rough if it's controller dependent
They're both definitely doable but I find the ruins jump timing easier lol
I think by now I'm better at the ruins jump for reaching the top right bombable wall that at the super hammer one
Maybe not having notches helps me for that, idk
fly turtle has to show up *somewhere*
I think Kammy looks better blue.
I HIT 6.9K POINTS
You should leave Goombario with the Koopa Bros.
love watching your videos on YouTube 1st time stopping by
I am fuming rn phanto274Rage plasma peeps making me mad
Because their people can't stick my veins well they have to re evaluate my veins.
I'm pretty sure my veins are good. I've donated over a 100 times
have to save up 30k points I played a gross seed today
Wasting muh tiem thisis165Cry
Its was really bad
Yo when I do a nasty seed I have my points ready phanto274Lurk
Let's see if you're right
I hope it is 4th ruins key
He could be in chapters 4 or 7.
Stanley is just vibing in tubbas gut
It's nice a warm he can wait
watch him be on goomba king
The case of the missing parakarry clintCry come home mr mailman
para cant be chapter 6 bc it out of logic
Idk bout you but beating up the moles is fun Kappa
para not with moles
para not in this chapter
I don't understand how the logic works ngl. Not very logical for my brain
just copy message bot says and reply to it
8bp last stand still worth
Wot he can upgrade stuff? For coins??
I never knew that ralphTato
Chet Rippo doesn't exactly upgrade for coins
he gives you 2 levels for your chosen stat, but reduced the other two stats by 1 levels worth
I hate checking dry dry desert I always miss something
That doesn't sound worth phanto274Thonk
Dark fuzzy? Bot what you on about lmao
my 1st rando I miss red key there I was looking forever for it
Might be Anti guy.
Where did you miss it? @blacktiger51
Man if it is anti guy that would be so mean
Oh I see clintT
So replenishable cake mix is a tell then! Or just a coincidence of a placement
@PerMitzi ummm think it was in a invisible block
@blacktiger51 Jeez! You found it tho! Must have been a good moment haha
@PerMitzi I had to check the spoiler log I was about to quit
@blacktiger51 oh man the spoiler log is such a life saver. I look at it when I get stuck and then feel dumb
Where oh where is parakarry
@buff00n SHSHSHSHSHSH listen I give up sometimes clintCry
@PerMitzi I just checked everything but I am bad at desert I was thinking I found everything I even use panels and that easier to remember
@blacktiger51 desert is rough I totally agree. So many checks.
yeah, every rando has its bad checks
I always do pit if I am able too I hate going back
WOW parakarry what you doing there
Pit is no place for you clintNo
I would of skip pit if I was playing this seed
In other randos doing bad checks intentionally is called clown routing, lol
If you was allowed to cheat in the weekly race it probably wouldn't matter if you didn't get him
I like checking everything because I like seeing the tracker x that place out
Out of all of the randomizes I watched this my most favorite one.
yeah I think paper mario rando is my favorite
Did you catch HO-Ho?
I am of to bed have to work tomorrow I hope you have a good night.
So would you have leveled up if you hadn't encountered that Goomba?
ah, yeah that'll happen
so basically just chapter rush at this point
what all bad checks did you end up doing?
that's not too bad, though I get the feeling if you get train, anti-guy might have something
I gave up lol where was parakerry?
ah, must have missed that
pit wont have anything... I left
damn, I couldnt done ch3
oh boy, mysterious not
oooh, 1 bp bounce
the note is so dumb that it in logic
sounds like a lot of unnecessary logic items
I'm all ears from logic changes. You just have to write it into the discord
sounds like it's easier if you know, but if you don't it makes no sense
just pray their nothing
I do like the new addition of mixing the upgrade blocks and brick coin blocks
anti guy should require watt for logic
I can get behind that
I like the block shuffle tho
forced to think differently
life shroom is decent
3 more items for go mode
Is cake mix in logic if you can buy it or if infinite for the fat shy guy?
weirdly though he doesn't want Nutty Cake
I'm guessing we don't wanna do blue if we don't need to
It's one check, iirc
the technicality is the Nutty Cake isn't called cake in JP, but the other 3 cakes are
I'm still getting used to paperando
No progression behind Blue Key IF you already have Red Key
ah, that makes sense
doesn't blue key give you some red keys check if you don't have red key
If you have Blue Key but not Red Key, it's like 4 (?) checks
now soil, then train
last time I seen the blue key use was when you use it the 1 time I had no idea when it was for since before Rando like 10 years old was the last time I use it
food just got here, so gotta run. glad I could catch one of your streams again!
maybe 1 day we will get a real paper mario tyod rando like open like 64
some of the games flag are dumb like going back to chapter 2 and doing super boots later and it set you to chapter 2 even if u was end game
It probably took alot of work to do it
I still wonder how we can push the time down
most rando players seem to think 2:30 max is a decent time for rando races in general (e.g. OoT rando)
3 hours is not too bad
we might sill have to adjust logic for that to work decently
currently you hit go mode at a point where you have several chapters left
I mean, the zelda randos just have dungeons that are meaningless for game completion. the pearl dungeon in WW, the pendants in OoT or alttp
@Icebound777 but what if you need a item on master sword check in lttp
I could see something work, like, mark two chapters as beaten already
we'll have to see. maybe full gear shuffle is our miracle cure, who knows really
I cant wait for full gear shuffle
Turning off keysanity would definitely make things faster but IDK if people would find that fun
Maybe also lowering the seeds needed for ch6? Though early ch6 might actually make seeds take longer
@MarioManTAW I wouldn't play without keysanity
I do think 2 seeds required would be good for race settings
keysanity in any rando is the way to go for me
yeah true, but I'm crazy like that lol
I like key sanity in zelda
keysanity in the SMZ3 rando is pretty fun
Yeah I definitely wasn't suggesting that was the way to go lol
z3 has a mode for that
my 1st oot seed was everything on I had a blast I did cheat alot
I do think the best, easiest first change for race settings would be reducing the number of seeds required
I think pape's dungeons are too linear to try to turn it into zelda rando
Most other chapters require 1-2 items to enter but 6 requires 4 which makes it very late game
maybe allowed cheating in races
my 1st rando I cheated
I'm a casual player, so I just watch to see them happen, not necessarily do them myself
tbf there isn't much race rules discussion in general
but I do watch you all the times and most of the glitches you do are really easy
or any discussion besides logic or suggestions
I think the only one I do is water geyser skip, cause that puzzle is boring
hardest glitch I did was blue house skip using a toad
In the end, pape rando races is the niche of the niche of the niche anyway. we're 800 people on the discord, compare that to the 60k on the oot rando lol
1st glitch I try was cilppy to get into raph area
I can definitely tell by watching that 90% of the glitches are super easy
such a well programmed game, amirit?
It was funny cuz the jade raven was behind the tree
I didn't have the fish tho
even just 1 seed
3 is too close to vanilla
Technically no other chapter requires more than 2 items to enter so...
yeah, 2 or 1 would be best for 6
I don't even remember what the rest of bowser's castle looks like anymore
hopefully in glitched logic we wont have to blue house skip without hammer
me when boss rush castle and see's bowser key: weegee3Hmm
yeah, definitely have a glitch toggle for required glitches for logic
can't stick around, gl on the bowser rng
the VARIA randomizer for SM does the same
I'm fine with toad or laki blue house skip
I forced myself to learn short speedboost to progress
bro, I blinked, then hallway Bowser was DEAD
hallway bowser got devoured
so I know you play on real hardware, but how do you get the overlay for your controller with that?
Is it possible to kill phase 1 bowser or would it just crash the game?
I need me an everdrive, so I actually have a reason to use my N64
Like how in vanilla if you use cheats to kill bowser in prologue the game just shits itself lol
bowser not being cooperative today
scummy bowser is scummy
I need to finish xenoblade 2 before I get 3
I need to play the 1st xenoblade
1st xenoblade is so damn good
I also need to get live a live
3 looks good I just got my switch this year
Insert joke about bn6 punishing for "touching grass"
I should clue mitzi in
nothing much. just taking a break from family visiting today
clue me in about wot
okay so not confirmed this week
just get sub 1 minute
no you cant LMAO
you love to see it
I did basically nothing today for 5 hours today. Jcog morning streams cant come at a better time for me
how how far are you in Xeno3? I'm trying to get thru the desert rn
yeah, way passed me then
why's there no "sNeed" command?
oh shit, risch at moneyhatz
elementman was -40 off PB
It didnt notify me for this stream
I have never seen the battle network series
I'm more of a classic mega man person
I played a pm64 seed today and it was nuts
literally made me doubt the settings I put on
I think I might send that seed to you when I get enough points
It was really wacky
Its not really a hard seed its just wacky
the only setting that I will ever keep the same in rando is blue bow
I love that skin too much
I should probably start ttyd but I like pm64 rando too much
cool thing I learned, if you hold ZL you can soom in and out. If you zoom in all the way you can play Xeno3 in first person LUL
not great for fights but a fun way to explore the world
I glance over and risch got a sub 209
Ive got the raid msg for the night
I unlocked the skill tree
I fucking love this game tho, that last fight...omg
oh yeah, its soo good
but didnt xeno2 have blades which were characters? I didnt play xeno 2 yet
Its on my shelf okay
I'll get around to it one day
I thought I was done with chpater 2 after that
yeah, I need to quit now and get ready to go to my brothers for the night
after his trip to scottland, this week he went to the florida keys KEKW
packing up my switch to take it and start kirby
Do I dare click it
I got it a month ago from gamefly for 40 bucks and havent started yet
Xeno3 is the first game in a while that I bought for full price
It is surprisingly tame it's just regular fanart for vaporeon day
oop there's the tits
I dont have a ton of free time this week so debateing for tomorrow, do I do exe2 runs or casual black pit?
I can only stream for 3 and a half hours so it fits that time slot
Wednesday morning at fucking 6am your time is the next pokemon direct
as long as I'm not resetting I enjoy it
So I will simply watch the vod
I would only wake up for that for rune factory or smashy bros
for me its 9am, I'll be up but I doubt its worth my time
the only thing I look forward to with pokemon are the leaks cause I'm not gonna play the game anyways
The open world part lost its novelty too fast because it was just bland
Exploration should be optional, PLA literally made you grind to do the story
That combat system was SO ASS
Is him choosing to blue screen him wanting to die?
Anyways back to megaman
I'm very glad faust got buffed he got some shenanigans now and it's fun as fuck to watch lol
Depends on how hard the run is and if I'd really feel like doing the last chunk if it's not gonna be worth anything
Like 16 star runs I understand not finishing and shit like that
Oh if you're PAST blj's then yea I'd finish
Slip usually finishes at that point too unless he just decides to run it back immediately
34:09 would get you 4th
current 4th is a 21 so you'd have time
Oh you mean before my b lol
3rd place is a 33:29
May as well take a leaderboard badge
Aw hell yea the weed mario ascii works on twitter dms
Knives said I was bullying her so I just popped a
It makes me very annoyed if it's a god pace
I was fucking livid after losing a 23
cause that shit was just blatantly not my fault and that was just the time I wanted for the game forever
what did I miss/what are we talking about?
oh, one of "those" rants
gotta love bn rng
did I get the right encounter? right draw? did I perform it right? right drop table? so many hoops
but elecswrd is free
you're one of those streamers now OMEGALUL
I did that with my quicksand LUL
for the notes just put "for the meme"
we have some bad heat lightning here.
do you have that over there?
It's dark tho so it's lighting up the sky
I sent a quick video to jeny, I'll pass it your way later
still here, just a bit of work stuff rolled in the last hour
I'd rather not do it when I wake up
I clipped komari once, played back at x.25 and counted 60 LUL
x.50 was still too fast to count lol
Megaman, go touch grass!
you saw the reply on twitter?
If not it's in komari #memes
yeah, we know LUL
how many followers for bn2 KEKW
after cutman it becomes fun... until freezeman
bomb comps are fun but quickman isnt
and gas comps have fun movement
and A license... nevermind that one
Someone just died to bretts nair at 120
and it was not even high up
sounds like dogwater DI
Gnw was trying to mash up b LOL
mine was "I never have to reset doghouse again"
screen shot that one for komari
Gamesbot tries so hard to fit in
guess you won't be raiding jcog anymore lol
Maybe you'll get the raids tho
I could never if he wanted to I start too late lol
I never want to do anything in the mornings
that would require you to finish before him. GOT EM CHAT!!!
just gold it lmao
he golded every split by 10 minutes
YOUR LAYOUT IS PURPLE!!
that's what I use, I just asked first
there was a brief time I used Hikari for split art
MISTMAN has alot of purple OMEGALUL
not a fan Kappa
I love the mistman concept tho
I laughed til you got GBeast down to 120 KEKW
I feel like bn is the only game I can laugh at for bad play
In my bn5 on refights shadowman zipped behind me when I used DarkWide LUL
pls explain, how'd you kill kettle?
I thought only fire could delete it
omg, the latest switch rumor... pls stop
Imagine everyone asking for switch pro and Nintendo does Switch Lite 5G LMFAO
would've been kinda cool if they actually did that with the lite, not gonna lie
osu is a hip greeting like "yo"
did you check retro Kappa
I'm going to bed
the intro music is so nice to listen to :D
oh no bad luck
let's hope for a baby seed :D
the all mighty coconut
would be fun if all chapters was vanilla kinda
It's paper wario 64 today
why is paper mario music to catcy
this boost are make for walling
If you guess wrong then you have not played paper mario long enoth
curious to see what you feel about 2 seeds at the end.
I tend to agree with what you said + in discord, will have to try myself soon
something chp6 related !
Is that item check skip allowed in races? I dont think I saw it on the list in disc but I could be wrong
ah got it, ty
same for like a block in the tunnels right?
those are good things to want
coming from ZOOTRs, paper rando feels way more punishing. I know I'm still learning fast strats but still, idk
speaking of tricks and slightly off topic, I've been more consistent at clippy tricks and it makes me happy haha
the ruins ones feel soooo good only needing one key so I was like "i wanna learn this" LUL
I did! I actually just watched your vod to learn it lol
learned parakarry-less mt rugged bridge and that felt pretty good
feels kinda partner light rn ish?
that's like the best part of learning a rando though is figuring out how to completely break it lol
It's only becouse we stared with goombario
a Rando Randy sNeeder
currently a celling right now
that is what's up
I'm a funny and ORIGINAL guy
It's less free imo
that's ez to do on discord
that sounds like changing the language on Pok'mon
They don't save that much time overall
They save pains in the ass
I dont think anyone's losing the race because they couldn't save a minute with glitches
I spiraled pretty hard at bowser lol
It just can happen
It's rough when you last location something though.
I can't remember the last time I fought LP in a rando
It took like, 5 minutes to learn. Quicker than a rando LP fight, sometimes.
another trick I learned referencing your vod lol
I have a save at LP with a bunch of life shrooms just to practice blocks because it's harder than bowser for me
Just a peril manip
Aw, kooper did have a thing you needed
Good thing you have hp plus
Oh it was a goombario start?
Doomed from the beginning
If they like double/triple dipping tell em to put the badge on and move along
set them up in a panels race
That's a bit unfortunate
I just had the same thought about that block
Again, not too hard, saves a few seconds of literally just waiting.
Don't wanna double dip on that 1 path?
Oh god did it eat sushie first?
he IS gourmet guy and technically it IS sushi. the logic checks out SeemsGood
we're covered lore wise HahaSweat
'Defeat' high scaled LP
The bot wants you to laki jump you should go get him
'Watt do you mean'
I got convinced to play genshin again and I logged on and rolled ninguangg
You and scorch used to fiend that shit lol
I played until I unlocked co-op and then my friend never wanted to play it again lol
I got Beidou immediately though so I never felt pressured to buy more shit
we'll see how temptation stands when the new char drops tho
I'm just waddling around the world and beating shit up and collecting the sparkle things
Yea they put enough little things to do around the place and random npc camps that it's not boring to wander around
Combat is fun I get to parry with beidou and everything fucking dies
Also I had to reinstall the game fully on my ps4 to get the account to my pc
so that took a while
Cause I never linked it to anything that wasn't psn before I stopped playing it
Why do coneys titles always suck if he's playing multiversus
At least you got the shiny version
What is this close call luck though
Oop got a 2nd live notif for coney and the discord thumbnail is the NotLikeThis screen LOL
Yoooo TombRaid TombRaid TombRaid
exe2 was trash, started super strong with a green doghouse tho
I assume that's why you actually fought that boss
made safety saved but didnt need them
Ice fights werre super scuff
It's easy as fuck it should
I GOT FUCKING ELEC
It was tough but great perserverance
also died in aparrtment comp so had to refight freezeman OMEGALUL
I didnt split cause it wasnt a valid SS run
but if I did I wouldve been +16:21 lol
all we need is the funny 4 digits on the front and the 3 on the back
nice thanks for the identity
also crazy thing happened
I 2 turned quickman
told you early game was good lol
just now noticed I didnt stop my local recording KEKW
Imagine if cannons were in the enemy pool here
this is just a showcase of what you could do if you WERE cheating
I've only used it in ttyd lol
Ive nutted the the prism for 150 hours phanto274Shrug
^ I hope gamesbot repeats that OMEGALUL
150 isnt a lot all things considered
hell, all my complete total play time for single segment is 400 hours. For 4 years thats not a lot at all
Hikari barking at thunder is adorable
I'm sure it has a good reason
I have no fucking idea
It was at like 4am
Is rando faster if you lzs the card?
so its a softlock
last I saw tacoguy had it
phantomgamesbot has a twitter!?!
phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
yoooo, gl with the rando Pog
ooo, that's rough jcogYikes
He does commentary for windwaker runs :)
phantom made the tracker everyone uses PROLOGGERS
YO IS THIS AN ICEBLUE REPEAT
CHAP 7 DOLLY FOR THE KEY
that's pretty hype actually
Required Star Stone check? :O
first time in 250+ hours!??!
Getting the whole last stand setup in like 3 b2b2b checks was neat
That sounds wild honestly. That long without a star spirit
why is there so many people here
that weekend is gonna be fun
we get to meet glenn
AND its a 7 card run, not a shitty 4 card run OMEGALUL
today I got my copy of horizon forbidden west
only 40 bucks from gamefly and its the launch edition
"ill get aroudn to it"
) Dont worry, I still need to learn Inuyasha.
I'll bring your runner/game card to fest as well :D
MWSF is gonna be great. 2D Con too.
The 7s lets gooo
thats why you sleep to 3pm EST lol
I got up at 6pm today its all relative :tf:
I wake up everyday around 4 - 5am
I used to be able to stay up till like 4am. Now I wake up at 4am. Thanks place of employment xD
Is that a long comute?
close call bad with danger mario
how's the new settings
Close call should only be bad if you care about peril, right?
It seemed like a weird proposal to me tbh
If you close call final bowser, he will for sure heal
well, 75% he heals but it feels like 95
I've had exactly one run in this game where he delayed heal and it got me a pb
definitely feels guaranteed when it's available to him
can't expect a delayed heal but theoretically he delays it 25% of the time which is a lot really
If only the theory actually worked
If you didn't heal, he would have done fire turn 1 lmao
Is it really a deluxe feast without the Jam n Jelly?
I think part of the reason it feels worse is that some amount of that 25% he puts up a shield
shield > heal :)
this is still more damage than double 3 cap in glitchless lmfao
danger mario too good
does dodge master change power bounce rate?
It's a perfect emote
I had to do a double take when I saw it
I added shit like a few days ago when I was up at 4am
I'm late to the party
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo is the new GG
what even is shield
damn, still no shield
the only way this fight could be better is if you had feeling fine :)
Bowser is a chipp player, he forgot how to block
Is that faster than the gdq run lol
you running another one?
I'm going to pog
Do glitches next time
I want you to actually finish chapters
I'm eagerly awaiting glitched logic
that seems like it'd be fun
Jcog ruined this parade for me
Jcog ruined pink pokeys for me
That water bottle is fucking massive
I didn't realize how big that shit was until jesse used it in person
yo a nut cup!!!
Insulated bottles are the greatest thing to be invented tbh
yandere dev is ao oni
I was talking in 2 chats
and I switched to this one
lets go best partner
Get goombario'd I guess
load up another seed tbh
Immediate bombette and parakarry I wish my seeds were as lucky as that
wait that's really funny wtf
I didn't know that was a thing
nice already cheating I see
wow @RuneRavenFP read my mind why dont u lol
Wow, the game is really pointing you to Chapter 2, huh?
I just realized it gonna take a really long time to save up 30k points
I have such a bad seed I kind of just want to tell u lmao
It made me go back to boo mansion and made me fight a chapter 7 jr at lvl 3
I'm down to do it whenever after smashcon
Ye cause I need time to relearn sd lol
and it was no way around it
Hey Phantom! Hope you're having a good day! fifiWaves
@blacktiger51 Pretty sure Chapter 3 Jr is never required in rando
It's strange star hdesNice
I went there to get hammer then got watt from fuzzies boo painting was in chapter 5 boo shop at cake mix and I had to beat chapter 4 to get parakarry from the badge shop to progress
I did blue house skip to see if I don't have to do that and no nothing in chapter 7
I did get last stand there so it was possible to beat jr
do you like randos? I've been wanting to give them a try
oh lmao my bad fifiDed
and on top of that blue key was req fish was looked there but I cheated to get into volcano my jaw drop when I found her
First time gettin' to catch ya live, Been watching ya on youtube with these rando's, and man lemme tell ya it makes me feel like a kid again, Always wondering where the next progression would be.
Can confirm, am from youtube
I'm here from smash bros, I'm the worst type of viewer
I've been following for a little bit, but can never seem to catch a stream lol
Now see, I'd be okay with that you were talking about OG, or Melee (brawl is touch and go) haha
Is 8 the max?
8? I thought it was 10
I practiced some pape today yeah
going through making saves for gless again
It's a good emote
what a coincidence me too Kappa
I'm at 79 rn at enter palace lmao
not all of them are for prac though a few are just to hold a spot for story progress lol
7bp power plus kind of worth
still have a fuckton of saves though lmao
I would probably use 1 depending what I have
work's been decent yeah
good enough to where I can stream a tiny bit on the weekdays
only for like 1-2 hours though OMEGALUL
now if it was last stand I would use it even at 10 bp
Wait, I think you can enter every chapter but 6 now O.O
my commute is like 5 mins now
I just woke up from a nap permitZ
Why was he looking at i-no mods
I'm in Breckinridge and I was sleepy ok. And I'm in an air conditioned hotel. What else am I to do
no master key for you
To future me: go the fuck to sleep, you got work later
To future LTScheff: sleep is temporary, pape rando is forever
Honestly I could roll over and go back to sleep cats4eWiggle
You're missing something important but I don't want to tell you unless you want me to
There's something you picked up that's not on your tracker
hello my name is Victor I have ADDHHD OCD AUTISM DEPRESSION SEPARATION ANXIETY AND ANXIETY
I have a Nintendo Wii Nintendo GameCube N64 Nintendo switch and PS4
Oh hey, it's victor
I don't even use to tracker mostly cuz I don't steam
Oh I tabbed out woops
They've started highlighting things for sos
I'm just waiting for mine and then I'm gonna submit to hotfix
I also play on emulator that another reason
I just tried to join the rando discord and realized I'm already in there wtf
I dont remember this
So many smash players are bitching about multiversus 1v1 meta
That is just not the mode the game was made for lol
all in ez pz
I made a gamble el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
I'm betting laki for broken rando
Game hates you so early LakI's not gonna happen Sadge
gamble only lasts a few minutes if you want points to make seeds 'n' shit get them votes
watch laki be in volcano
oh even better behind the tree
what are your thoughts on the potential settings changes so far?
It's a great day
oh we doin it
I hate checking 6 so I'm happy it usually late oh wait not for me I always get a early chapter 6
mostly cuz I hate 6 and half of 3
so the 2 magical seeds thing is supposed to make ch6 early more likely?
I know some Shy Guys are replenishable, not sure if it's all of them though
Is that one you can cheat with Parakarry?
<3 Good luck with the run! <3
think it too high up
I am sick with Coviddddd But I'm home streaming all week so that's cool
It's okay! I barely feel sick
could be wrong tho I have no idea how to jump off him
Just positive and isolating
still can knock you on your ass
Yeah covid is no joke. But I have never had the CRAZY symptoms that others have
for some think of the worst cold/flu you had
this trick is kind of hard I try it I was like nope not for me
Still important to get vaccinated and wear masks when around huge crowds
when I had covid it was like every day it would try a new set of symptoms to see if it'd kill me
Yeah the boosters BODIED people who had never had covid
Jeez I'm so sorry @Starry_Arie
I got it once and it clip me back into bounds and I was like yeah I'm good
LOL it's all good I survived CoolCat
Yeah the booster was intense for me too
Okay gunna go pick up food. I'll leave you on :)
Good luck King <3
I am going to spread this emote across twitch
I should add it to ffz just so m4 can use it
what the heck is that
I love it tho
Its a trap even tho traps are not on
I am currently decrpyting my legally acquired 3ds CIA's :)
I need more pokemons to rando
Hope I wasn't to annoying to you when I was hosting
It was my first hosting ever and I was nervous
I always fight the pokies then immediately regret it
I just can't with it though
this chapter is awful
remind me why we wanted ch6 earlier? Kappa
THANK YOU @blacktiger51 no one ever agrees with me
the boss is okay if I can power bounce him and beat him in 1 turn
Did we already do Toy Box though
best chapter is 5 and 7
other than bottom left path, ch6 is chill in speedrun
SaVe A fEw SeCoNdS
You... get to beat Chapter 2!
I usually wait a little longer
bro, I got a random influx of YouTube followers because of my Paw Patrol PB video LUL
paw patrol is controversial so youtube promotes I bet
Supposed to be cheating, has 3 chapters in go mode glitchless LUL
just do the English raph skip
I wasnt followed??? uh twitch wtf
My legally acquired roms are now decrypted
how does one legally acquire roms?
I need to learn 4 speedruns this month...I am not looking forward to that
but that thing... it scares me monkaW
I can very easily legally aquire wii/wiiu roms
@Benzene31415 you rip the file from the cd or carts
Same with switch lol
anything on a disc is easy
I already go into the files of shit for switch to mod some things
you cant rip a disc OMEGALUL
exactly, thats what I always do when I need a rom, just checking to see if you guys do it the same way LUL
Buff00n made a dm
thats cool I didn't know that about the gba games
nothing to see here
@RuneRavenFP I've been lurking since Phantom entered flower fields
you said the e word Flushed
You have to put a disk in for the gameboy player to work if I remember correctly
All I know is, I popped off when I got a GB Player for Christmas
yeah theres like an adapter
you're telling be the gamecube doesn't have a gameboy lodged somewhere in its carapace?
oh I'm talking about like the mini game in animal crossing on the islands with the gamecube chord adapter that like connects to the entire bottom of the gameboy
Why not 4? You have cake train bow watt
Oh wait did you do it? Star looks faint to me
Ahhh gotcha sorry just came in during 2
What if rando also changed these gates haha
It also gives you Star Spirit moves, because those are useful :)
I love the 3ds randomizer tho
So many more masochist settings to add for this shit
1.5 good ones out of the whole bunch
Every important battle getting 6 pokemon is so much more fun
I like to set the star power cost to randomize, so sometimes star storm is 1 and its great
just like partner moves!
It's also funny that "Chill Out" is ambiguous even within the context of this one game
don't make the same mistake as komari
I think you already bought from Merlow?
"you can't grow streaming pokemon gen2" OMEGALUL
I remember that it was 3 when you was flighting a blooper
For Port Priority, do I land at 12:30pm ($80 more), or 4pm ($80 cheaper)
He had the Palace Key, I think, but everything worth buying was cheap
you don't need yellow berry?
I have a 7am flight for smashcon
and I'm not too excited
I can be persuaded to land at 12:30pm
What day are you booking buff00n
Are we also still planning to rent a vehicle
I'm down for renting a vehicle
I might come on tuesday idk yet I will book my shit after mwsf
Wait your in Seattle?!?
I miss dicks drive in
Port's Saturday and Sunday, so we'd have Wednesday through Friday to dick around
I've been to seattle, there were plenty of dicks
My best friend went to Seattle prep
why are we talking about dicks?!
Axl you need a bag of dicks to understand
It's the in and out or the whataburger of Seattle
@Phantom5800 it's ok el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
can you get over there with parakarry
2 delux fries and strawberry shake
Ok I have rolled the pokemon Y seed
yes I understand =(
float-perfect, adjective. english: fucking dogshit
Phantom you will be my 2nd pokemon
You better not be ass
My sister is my starter so you can't be that
I hate picking up float perfect, so I dont have a dog
default rival name should be glenn
new bomberman game announced
The professor has a jumpluff
propokH / hey Phantom
nm, how are you? :)
rhythm music game, apple arcade exclusive FeelsBadMan
Go get him then
The homeward shroom says "one tiny bite brings back *memories* of home". So every time you use the homeward shroom you're going deeper inside a memory, inside a memory, inside a memory...
Kooper unlocks completion of 2 chapters glitchlessly and I think 2 more with glitches
Bc of Laki I mean
kooper is used for retrigger prologue
Oh I forgot that characters in this game want to nickname me
What should I make the nickname be
what about using kooper in flood room?
I'll be taking my points now :)
Is that sushi replenishable?
I forgot about the gamble lol
But congrats on winning 3k points to sushi voters
I just got back where was the fish?
holy shit I rolled a mega banette starter
he is t posing on the select screen
whos weak to shrink
I've been influenced, I booked the 12:30pm
WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T THE PAYPAL OPTION APPEAR THE LAST FEW TIMES I BOOKED WITH AMERICAN AIRLINES
when you meet IRL do you still call each other by your twitch handles? lol
You had me at pizza
I just call people what I normally call them lol
One Kooper away from go mode?
In my mind I am both names at this point
unless I have to call him Phantom5800
I'm gonna start calling him 5800
you only use the number when your mad, like a parent using a middle name
I'm more used to "B" or "buff00n" than I am "Brandon"
Is jade raven behind kooper?
One of the rivals got a weedle lol
My banette has sheer force
you should show off shovel jump
torch the weedle with extreme prejudice
yeah since laki is a jade reven in disguise
I can do shovel jump
u l t r a
kooper is in the pit
@RuneRavenFP have you never played KI???
Yea I just want you to shut up
kooper in the pit in a no logic seed
maybe rowf has kooper behind beating ch4
why do you have 17 life shrooms?
Time for your encounter phantom what will you be
You almost got 1 shot woops
Banette got a crit lol
are you doing a nuzlocke?
It's the only way I enjoy pokemon anymore lol
and naming your team after twitch users?
Need to pass Laki twice to beat Chapter 3 before you can get him lol
I usually name them after homies
Phantom you lived with 4/20 health
Wing attack, wild charge, smackdown, magma storm
And you have scrappy
that's a juiced Blastoise
kooper on goomba king I'm calling it
Brookwood I love FIR
learning crystal and bn3 axlsenS
It's sort of replaced Bingo for me
just feels more relaxing and straightforward
I like pokemon but I don't think I would like a pokemon rando
calling at night, want a full night's sleep
If you need a practice buddy/help, let me know BloodTrail I know enough to be competent Kappa
It's only 11:15 but sure
I'm less good at the logic, but make it up in battle efficiency propokWW
If you are eating a can of mixed nuts which one do you go for first?
You dodged a bullet
4x weakness main? My man, that's my style propokH
The next pokemon was castform in that grass
cashews are the goat
that's a lot of damage on that Dome
guessing you were Elixir rich too?
This grass patch sucks ass besides this blastoise LOL
don't sleep on the dam
You aren't allowed to be furry bait
that thing saved me in a run once
OH SHIT A KRABBY
those runs are the worst. sadly, logic in Crystal can sometimes become a coin flip on checks and can influence speed in drastic ways
Pokemon is not necessarily the deepest game Kappa
Can't rrandomize the outcome
But the moves def tried to change
Early Fly helps, but not the way you think
The fletchling clicked fusion flare but it got correct to tackle LUL
couldn't u just start with fly if you wanted too
I found a Sawk
I can't remember. it's been a couple of months (and I have a charity run in a month, so I should probably practice)
You coulda been a deez nuts joke phantom
Phantom do you wanna learn tail slap
@RuneRavenFP what dat tail do? Kappa
@phantom5800 what dat tail do?
ew I found an electr*de
It's fucking dead and nobody is sad
It attracted a whole new section of the fans
whats the premise of pokepark? Ive never heard of it
that's the best explanation I've ever heard
I just literally loled
Mew is Ultron? propokM
Alright time for the jesse encounter
what will he be
the circumstances of one's birth are seriously completely irrelevant. mew will kill you regardless
Jesse has overgrow and a root fossil
He has the wrong starter ability
double bomb only happens in rando
It has hidden power
I'm not using that
I wish I knew how good watt was when I was a kid
I used sushi when I first played this game mostly
FUCKING BRAVIARY AFTER THE PIPLUP
You're the turtle. You're Blastoise Kappa
JESSE COULDA BEEN AMERICA
50 hp 3 bp when I was a kid I didn't know any better
You haven't gone to 5 since you got Sushie, have you?
now it 10 hp 30bp always
I love that thing
Wait, does the whale open immediately if you enter through the sewers?
I swear if kooper behind the tree
cant you skip kooper in the jap version?
Seed rigged the pred
Now time to beat the game YEP
you wanted to cheat and you already 2 hours in with not alot of cheating
Unlock the ability to cheat 2 hours in and suddenly you can beat the game
There is a wonder guard zizagoon in the fields
I can run from it so I'm good
But I need to kick shit STAT
I think Boo's mansions
Ok the next encounter claimed is a person from the locals
We'll see what will gets to be
I don't mind this but this fucker dying to any ice beam LOL
heading to bed now, gnight yall
OH SHIT MAGIC BOUNCE
no jade raven sounds kinda niiiice. ohhh so you can't do the check LUL
unless you're doing it
Torterra had a magnet so now you have a boosted wild charge
Is it that tree thing?
or that something else?
oh that'd be sick, I'd love to see that
WHY THIS TODDLER GOT A LUGIA
Torterra just magic bounced some stealth rocks
It learned fire blast
holy fuck it barely lived
It almost died to a tropius
Heavy weapons guy has present for you
I could tell it went thru due to the follower goal goin up
Yea I have alerts for it to say thank you but it doesn't show a name
Ok I'm out of encounters till after the gym
Mega Banette, Blastoise, Piplup, Torterra, Gible
Gible can punch so I am safe from the zizagoon
Heya man ive gotta start getting ready for work so I'll see ya next time!
Gonna be making something cool hopefully
Without p bounce prolly not
There's a mega absol in this grass where mvd was
you got freeze dried and frozen
I have no switch ins for this
I am going to sack jesse
Phantom almost died and then learned payback after I killed the keldeo
I wish shrink stomp was progressive so he got smaller and smaller
Who woulda guessed phantom would be the first to die
MY MIND WAS ON YOU BARELY NOT DYING
Jesse is the dead one tho
That bitch ate the dirt
Jesse had a fossil when I caught him though
So he will be reborn
this elekid has protean
let's gooo Bowser fight!! fifiJiggle
Isn't that the optimal gless strat
I mean the booty bop peril
Is the clippy one the same spot?
well I gotta head out but have a good night monadoWave
If you use laki on the lava does it let you go oob? that's interesting haha
sNeeders... what fuck am I listening to?
I need my ears to listen to the Hollow Knight OST
this sounds like something that came out of a YTP
the unconfirmed sequel of Hotel Mario on the CDI
But actually I'm gonna get back to work catch ya later hopefully
That's good and early
Does race settings include Big Chests now, or is that still vanilla?
It sounds so much worse
brb I'm going to order some delivery as this chaos goes on in the background
before I do... 2, 3, 3
ohh what an incredible composition
Roman numerals with random digits when?
"XC" could mean 6, 9, or 40
my favorite thing about random pitch is scrolling through a huge list of key items, never fails to make me laugh
this is a cursed sNeed, so make it more cursed
And the text is in another language.
dry dry desert isn't terrible
I think Gourmet Guy is still perfect
Gourmet Guy is torture in the Peach segment
This tune, less so
Yo, they have the second Damage Dodge
just say you "accidentally" left your spoiler log open and deny it on Twitter, to then only say you did cheat 6 months later, where everyone had moved on.
Okay I hate it already
gourmet guy gets fed actual food
Sweet! Now you can access Dry Dry Ruins
Oof, that Last Stand + Damage Dodge
You should randomize your mic too
Bowser heals for days
omg I hate it so much LOL
squeek squeek squok squek squeek
I was debating on using pitch rando, this stream proves I was right in not turning it on lol
I refuse to enable this
This is AWFUL on my ears
I'm super sensitive to off beat music
Also I like to jam out to the games music whilst I play
THIS IS THE BEST UPDATE
Now music shuffle would absolutely be a feature I use regularly
Is it just random bullshit sounds or any shuffling
Yo this shit goes hard
Another feature I'd use would be bootless
People who listen while they go to bed IN SHAMBLES
Imagine being like "imma use this as background music"
SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls SkeletonPls
This is the energy the sounds give me
call this the "YTP sNeed"
I'd love to do Bootless, Hammerless start in Goomba Village. I like to really challenge myself. Also shuffle chapter difficulty added on top of that.
That music killed my ears
you'll probably be able to do jumpless, hammerless goomba village start
This is the kind of music that sends you to The Backrooms
@Icebound777 I look forward to it
I really want stuff to get shuffled into the main pool
how is there no peed69 command?
Would it be possible to eventually shuffle chapter 8 difficulty?
kolorado has cost me a repel gel there before
ayoo GL good sir
Yeah, I learned the hard way: always trigger Kolorado before hitting that tree
You missed an oppuntunity to hit Kolorado
I think this game is too big
Should I play pokemon or hitman
Also maybe randomize power-up damage in battle between 2 and 8 or something like that would be cool. Imagine an 8 damage super boots only to get a 3 damage ultra boots XD
Both will have a lot of death
that sounded like screaming, not water blub blub
just wait till the fucking yoshi sound badge
Coconut = Pina Colada
Would it be possible to put boot and hammer power-ups in the main item pool?
not even shrimps would vibe to this
Random tracker-related question (convenient timing): Why are Bubble Berry and Blue Key treated differently? That's been bugging me for a while LUL
Nah, logic is the easy part left
adjusting the big chests is the big hurdle now
Big chest gives you 1 coin LUL
Phantom isn't actually playing a rando seed, he just got this cartridge from an old man at a garage sale
pretty hype for upgrades anywhere
So can Blue Key tho
Yeah I think that would def work
As it stands, Rip is slightly out of place
this sounds like a mario kart 64 song now
You can do the gap jump in the new mushroom gorge
y'know the music is fitting for the chapter because this is a fuzzy drug trip from YoshI's Island
Anti Guy is painful
Only if you want a real challege
Gotta scrub your inventory clean
Ikr??? squeek squeek squeek! it's the best
I preserve my coins until needed
What will Attack FX B sound like tho?
You should progress into Dry Dry Ruins now that you got keys
You got the pipes
''I'm sorry, what the psykitHeck is happening here?
I don't think I could ever subject my chat to this
anything is possible if you're brave enough
I'd lose 50 viewers
And hundreds of followers
Iceblue I think your chat deserves it after what I see them say
Wdym?? What they say???
It's somehow not as bad as I expected but I still don't think I'd play with it myself
It's not about courage
The fact that you have a higher count than last rando baffles me
We're here for the concert
Did you give yourself all the FX badges to start for max meme sounds?
oh my god shiver city
why do you do this to me
Hey Phantom. These sounds are cursed
You're fighting LP for the music right?
free content and comments babee
just don't lose Kappa
I dunno, think we need to hear the game over music
Ok hitman 1 levels were on sale
I have obtained more murder content
throw to final bowsman
brb gonna get some reese's
This place sounds evil
Oh god the record music
sounds kind of like ttyd theme of grodus
can you find laki so this ends quicker
you're getting there PhantoBot
You do in fact not need an emulator to play ch2
Also forgot about hitman filesizes I'm playing pokemon ig
At least icebound is here LOL
this is some creepypasta shit
Now can you repeat the break?
the fuckin egg music
This fucking song SkeletonPls
Y'know what'd be a cool feature? Enemy randomization. Imagine finding Shy Guys in chapter 1. Or Finding Pokeys in Chapter 4
usually picking up an item without control of mario just overlaps and doesn't break
I'm someone who likes to do pure chaos runs, so these ideas are probably very niche.
but this was item pickup + item select at once
gl oh god the pitch rando
just save before you leave
Can rando #69 be an allsanity with this shit on
What do I name this male kirlia I just got
Idk will be great
Moody is such a funny ability
I forgot I caught a silcoon in a cave and named it OOOOOggghh
Every time I get the cutscene without Bow I just go "Oh, Hello!"
OOOOOggghh is a malamar now
tubba can't see green, obviously
Idk is a goomy now
and has no real use for mirrors I guess
It ain't easy being green
now it is a vanillite
wtf is the music randomized?
just do English raph skip Kappa
IT EVOLVED INTO V*lt*rb
Oh no, thunderstorm coming
Phantom took a Moon Stone to the game and it evolved into this mess
But it's mostly any summer day between 5-9 we get something
Holy fuck the name "Idk" is accurate cause this thing is just evolving
lmao Roman numerals. Outstanding.
It won't pick a fucking final stage
Is it lag from the sound being changed?
aw, it doesn't randomize the text of the items' names?
or their icons for that matter
Gotta showcase taking the star stone out
Pls bombette be on the shelf
can you even check the star stone check now?
You can do clubbas jcogSmart
something actually good in that cave
'Gotta showcase taking the star stone out' I'm so sorry
Left mail for the check bombette unlocked
Ok when do we get random pitch as an option for black pit?
don't worry mega bomb is 8fp
use fright jar on final
Is doing that allowed in the races?
but you can laki jump in chapter 6 without water stone
I mean it's second nature now to hit those blocks with super boots so if that's why I ever get 'dq'd' the so be it.
I can't laki jump
Because of my mapping lol
Everything is cstick for my current setup
just no laki jump into ruins
^ because ... why, actually
Cool, we get the pulse stone. Then just skip the cutscene if we have laki.
why would you ban funny jump
laki jump into ruins is totally fair that its banned
tbf many participants in the weeklies don't bother with glitches. not sure why tho
just simply don't play on keyboard
most glitches are easy tho
*Ice writes down notes*
you make that looks so easy
on the gym leader
I rolled speed and evasion after LOL
This glaceon will take on god
this is messed up
excuse me did you just pick up lakilester?
wonderguard Slaking ooooooo aceuhhBuild
I didnt know they made an alien translation for this game
no one will hold anything against you
God the pulse stone sound
yeah go for it lol
okay if you do ruins jump, you have to use slow go for the rest of the run.
Do you wanna hear the rolls I got that fight
Evasion, accuracy, speed, evasion, accuracy
It kept dropping attacking stats lol
the pulse stone is circular but the slot it goes in is a pentagon
It makes no sense
Its natural with puberty, the fuse sound gets deeper
why is there only 2 seeds on the tracker
oh its roman numerals
L for 'lots', right?
L is for 50
this music is gonna give me nightmares
Oh god what is the lucario ditto gonna turn into with rando
average friday night funkin song
Cause they want you to mega evolve lucario to fight what is gonna happen with this LOL
I dont like low pitched attack fx c sound
I think goombario doesnt get one but thats because he's goombario
You talkin shit about my hat? kazamsCatglubhat
this is how the prologue song should always sound
Goomba king for the memes?
Ok this lucario fight is randomized LMAO
She got an entei and I got a mewtwo lmaoooo
Does that mean I get this shit
I got mega Y
Yea I got this mewtwo now LOL
Ok so when it megas, it gets moody
Any fucking move I have
Don't wanna be feeling fine for bowser?
I heard feeling fine makes repel gels last an extra turn
I have to go
no more of this
that bullet is in your face
I am no longer able to hear
Youtube gonna go crazy
@RuneRavenFP I'm bench pressing you
that was so bad lmao
Name it Marios new mixtape
make the youtube viewer sign a waiver before letting them watch this
This guy asked me if I wanted a pokemon to surf on and he gave me a spewpa
I wanna hear general guys theme with this
general guy is best boy
world's most adorable war criminal
Yo the spewpa evolved into piplup we can learn was mvd was going to be now
This jolteon is actually good
Time to delete the save file
There might've been that request
Can do the fight/gameover at the same time
It sounds like bones
Yugioh has toon world, paper Mario has tune world.
Blue eyes TUNE dwagon
I'm guessing the sounds are random also?
I gotta do another rando, they've added so much since I last played
Music to my ears
the peach one is terrifying
the pitch randomizer is giving me fight or flight
ch3 sounds like dont starve music wtf
Madge Chapter 3 scam
sounds is amazing Okayge
This is a terrifying rando
okay I'm back after giving my ears a rest, I actually got a headache from this
But what if palace is the star stone check again?
did we do gourmet guy?
I'm back and it still sounds like this. LUL
I see what you did there.
Are those roman numerals under the HP bar?
The text is randomized too?
Scrambled, if you will.
Now all we need are scrambled paths.
Now that will be true rando
yo hold up, actual beats?
this is my doing phantom
you seem cool person
Yay. Watching this cutscene again
What do you mean? It sounds normal to me
I dont hear anything wrong with this?
More of an "exploit"
what a stream to get raided on
Level 7 Ch. 2? Oof
what kind of randomizer is this???
have a lot of fun guys, I'm heading out
Its good on the ears
Is it also in another language or is the text randomized ?
what did I just join into my ears
@tks564_sassy_riku I'm sorry you have to hear this
a new remix of toad town theme
This is the DJ Remix
the help me rando
Paper Mario Randomizer: Pain - The Sound Edition
what does corrupted paper mario sound like on broken speakers?
all escape be safe
phantom listen the fuck up
the real Axl is here now o/
you tell him axl
hope you will never get this rando the sound save us
I go into volcano with only super boots, it give me ultra boots BUT CANT FINISH WITHOUT ULTRA HAMMER
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK!?!?
are you only doing one rando today?
2nd rando as a palate cleanser
take a eat break then dp rando :D
you could always stream your cooking...
Leave it on the end screen while you eat
just take a break then stream another one we can wait :D
I already didn't like the Toy Box theme. Now I REALLY don't like the Toy Box theme. LUL
I'm sad... they massacred my boi
this ass be itching mad
phantom has a death wish
for some reason it's kinda catcy
yeah missed typed :3
I'd rather listen to @know15 play a kazoo
No I know what you meant. I need an explanation. LUL
Axl, you know I'm a musician right? It'll be a lot kazoo.
oh don't know why but it's sound very intresting
Ch. 6 LETS GO!
(and I can't type :3)
"Interesting" is a very strong word. I would say "different"
let's see what flower field gonna sound like
the shyguy's grow up
Flower Fields is gonna be a nightmare.
should've just sat in that room for 10 minutes
It's sound's so dead
General Guy is raising the Shy Guy army of the dead
how we feeling 3 hours in on random pitch? lol
maybe it's the water stone that make it so it won't show you can clear it?
As a viewer? Great.
@RvPA Mind gone, only pain remains
bowser final battle theme
My day job is a theater sound designer, so this is basically my life.
I gotta hear those guitar rifts in broken pitch
I need it at this point
maybe the water stone is the reason why the star don't glow?
I just hit 69K channel points
End of Chapter sounds so defeated. LUL
Good thing the tracker dev is right here
Wait, what does sound like when you Game Over?
Hi, other contributor here!
*Good thing a tracker def is here right now
been playing around with stream layouts
got the track on 2 rows at the bottom
thank you map logic for giving us MarioMan
but have so much space on the left I dont know what to do with F
YEP Early Chapter 6
Oh no. It sounds even worse than I imagined
this is actually the unused vanilla music
I stretch pape to wide screen!!
It was already sad sounding before. Now, it's even worse.
What's the highest cost you've ever done?
I was right :D
was it 6? I looked away
I just said 6 fp and before seeing it haha
It was 6. LUL
I gussed right :D
The higher makes it a little more tolerable but still painful to listen to.
You can hear the game struggling to sound normal
why would you pop off to a bad idea?
Or you could start with random pitch and make an incentive to turn it off. That would get filled in a heartbeat
This is creepypasta music
Where oh where is the palace key?
But, Phantom. It SUPER charges your hammer
If only you could use your hammer twice. Hmmm...
You know, it's not that bad
That sound was... okay
I finished Taco's gift
where could it be?
Imagine Frying Pan being Calculator then being Palace Key
The Power Bounce sound. LUL
In canada milk comes in bags?
what about chocolate milk?
Did you ever end up doing Star Stone check?
I can't get over the End of Chapter theme. That could easily be the Game Over theme. It just sounds so devastating
And there we go
Ch. 7 is in our sights
Is the prologue mushroom on the sign randomized
Lanturn Ghost, that fiend
Of course he would have the stone
Power Bounce with weird pitch just hits different
Cheer1000 Need to work on getting Pog Agumon
And there it is
and now we are in go mode
I've seen you do it 3 times so it had to be more than that. LUL
If you're full clearing, don't forget the Chapter 2 tree :)
I didn't know Mario had a throwing animation
I heard a new scheme for picking up girls today
When he threw away items
And Tutankoopa looks like an actual ghost
Or Mummy in this case.
go on facebook market place and look up wedding dresses, YOU CAN EVER PICK YOUR SIZE!!
Chompy sounded... menacing. Which is a good thing
I missed a crash? PogChamp
Are you keeping the crash in the YouTube video?
what happend why you crash?
We finally get to hear Crystal King sounds
Found what, 3 new bugs this seed? LUL
You forgot the golden rule, if he can, he will. LUL
has it ended yet?
what is your crazy idea?
The audience clapping. WutFace
Hey, it's the Calculator
this is where the creepypasta starts
"the game called me a bitch, must be haunted!"
Ah yes, Star Beam the Duplighosts LUL
Guzzled down that soda fast. LUL
With the roll you got, you could've one-turned that with a different partner
PHANTOM I GOT CONEY TO ADD el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
We're almost to my favorite part
I wonder if you could've beat him if you had enough FP.
Peach in the yellow dress?
It only took 1 wish for 10 damage. LUL
We couldn't let this cursed seed be PB
good god this setting is cursed
Ew, that guitar rift is cursed
I hope you find the last metroid
and the nightmare still isn't over
this is some cart tilt shenanigans jfc
would be a shame to run ads over this
I forgot I can also run them
bro I tried random pitch for 5 minutes and I had to make a new seed I couldnt stand it
The one time I've begged for ads. LUL
thanks bot for the timed message
first time I beat paper mario I just left this screen on for an hour and was like "when does it end?"
@OhDeeTV Ah yes, N64 infinite ending screens
And relive that nightmare? I'll pass. LUL
HOLY SHIT ACTUAL MUSIC
Ah, the music I know and love is back. <3
throwing it back to the paper mario menu music
It's not the easiest to get them if you're not familiar with DevTools tbh
Especially since right-click is disabled
I'll never take Paper Mario music for granted.
my ears have been damaged and I don't think I'll be okay after that...
I thought the parade music was pretty good
I'm waiting for the inevitable Tanooki Mario
Or the Cat Mario. LUL
Why so many Volt Shrooms already?
We just got to Koopa Village and we've seen FOUR
Sphere 1 counts LUL
1 FP Power Shock PogChamp
Literally as early as possible
The Seed of Seeds
I'm looking into it, I'll see if I can figure it out
I guess Ch. 3 has a few checks you could try.
Ello phantom and chat
It was... an experience
yeah you just have to look on youtube when it's out
Basically, Paper Mario like you've never heard it before. LUL
you can say that yes
Watched an hour of the all sanity hammerless video when I got home from work this morning
@LTScheff Extreme Rando is fun to watch. LUL
What was removed from the tracker??
Now I see lol
What are we gonna replace the two empty spots with? LUL
I always thought it was weird that blue key wasn't on the tracker but red key was.
Merlow's got quite the treasure trove
Locked behind the storeroom
What did Parakarry do to deserve such a punishment
I figured out the issue with the tracker
Stuck in a tree
Before I tell you, want to guess which change broke it?
It was Blue Berry
I'll be moving that to a new number
I can't believe I joined stream to see you in Flower Fields only 30 minutes in. Ouch
What would be the most optimal seed?
I'll catch up on the cod later and see it go doen
That's some intense hate for Rosie
Rosie has been outed as a con artist I see
The Mole Mission was... unsuccessful
Also, how often have you actually turned in crystal berry in rando? I feel like I never see it
Alright, I just pushed the fix
Lv. 6 Ch. 5? Oof
Getting Ultra Block skip practice?
Just use keyboard 4Head
good, tried the 2 seed settings out
It was very... back and forth
I had the opposite XD
Kooper and Parakarry were in ch7.... 3 hours in
dude, her stuff tonight was 7, 7, and 8
Do Goomba King cause why not?
Still getting all upgrades, just maybe in a different order
Although actually I'm not sure if you can get Ultra Boots chest yet
Also you never marked that you beat 5
did I miss shovel jump?
but I won slots today
that's new to me
you have to now
my megarush was 8 axlsenWut
You are currently in Peril...
so we can laugh at phantom for missing them
@Axl_Sensei At one point in the development of SMRPG, Square wanted to give Mario a sword
In smash he gets the killing edge from fire emblem
Bombette gives you what, 4 checks in fortress?
He needs to be dealt with
Komari says, Agumon's right, it's a lot harder when I did a Pikmin run, should probably setup the new games for MegaMan/Hub to be in that gacha is the g4eatest achievement one can have 4 bowser jr's why don't they just outsource IP's to get new games were as ow as the FIRST STAR OF THE NUDE MOD
Komari says, Agumon's right, it's a lot harder when I did a Pikmin run, should probably setup the new games for MegaMan/Hub to be in that gacha is the g4eatest achievement one can have 4 bowser jr's why don't they just outsource IP's to get new games were as ow as the FIRST STAR OF THE NUDE MOD
Komari always says "FIRST STAR OF THE NUDE MOD"
he done I guess
I'm gonna make the robot lady say that
You can full clear both 3 and 4 I think
I guess not all of 4 bc Bombette
New Ice Cream stage in MK8DX is great
I knew I wasn't going to play enough to justify buying the DLC
there isn't enough stuff added to mario kart for me to pay 25 bucks
I need at least 2 more waves
Hello There! how ya doin?
what if shy guy dropped bombette OoB KEKW
Ive got some stuff done finally
Mark Star Stone before you forget
also stopped a robbery like an hour ago
havent I told you?
didn't get vr on ps4 so looking forward to the new one
well basically I'm Batman
my brother has oculus so I am sold on it
gourmet guy shitting thunder
I don't like randos that have everything open, where the he'll would you start?
I know I have one
The cat is currently at the front door eating bugs that flew in
did tubba have anything good?
Esam really played a wifi tourney today just to stop brett from winning it on his birthday
In the morning I get my first bonus jcogChamp
what do you say when a phantom sneezes?
What about 4th Ruins Key check tho? Kappa
why did they have a token bob omb? nintendo should know better by now
Komari says, it knows I exist it's evolving too fast also the ending killed me LUL
Its going ok, I'm just very tired
I have tomorrow off and still got overtime this week
oh yeah I can't complain
at any of my other jobs I'd have been upset
when are we doing ironmon? Kappa
I asked komari, when's your next stream? you know what I have to do LMFAO
they ordered pizza on election day
so that was cool ig
oh shit, he here!
I have a saying...
well there you go
they say money talks, I say food talks louder
this was my original take on the ruleset that we should allow tricks if you could do something w/o them
In retrospect it wasn't a great take
I enjoy seeing you fail that trick in marathon runs
still waiting on ninja turtle seed
I don't think I even play glitched rando tbh
I think the risk of skipping something if you make a bad decision is interesting
Hey, you can beat 4 now Kappa
yeah that's the other thing
calling it a night
being expected to do frame perfect tricks to be able to finish the seed is a lot lamer than getting an advantage by doing them
As long as it's not clippy, I'd probably be fine with it
are mole fights fixed on rando?
I'm ok with most clippy
I just think it's boring personally
Not my favorite trick compared to others lol
I finally learned the clip for the water puzzle
I'm pretty sure I do the puzzle much faster on average
just bc of muscle memory + block speedup
I'm pretty sure the intention is based on difficulty which is fair
but also very weird because ruins jump was legal
and that trick is really fucking hard unless you have a very specific stick
I think the idea was to allow things that are not too hard AND don't save too much time
I was blind to buzzar skip lol
You're having a weird run, aren't you?
The best Bow color. <3
Where else have you been so far?
spiny surge is already the worst move in the game at 4 fp
That move is just sad
They did laki dirty
Did you check Water Stone?
well he will probably sell you one
Just GP a block in the next room
Idk why I assumed you were on all
People are using the fuck outta this thing in coneys chat
I have done my job well
Coney saw the emote and said awww and then he saw the name and said "Fuck you mobile viewers" and added it
Hello darkness my old friend.
None of that was necessary
Hey, you can beat 5 now LUL
Why you bullying Monstar?
Alright, I think it's time for bed, see ya!
I need to play this rando one day because I want inspirations for when I eventually do a bug fables one, but I would need to buy a flashcart cause fuck n64 emulation
Coney tweeted "HUGE NEWS" waited for people to come in, then popped a minute long bounty and ended stream
It's a far long on project
because the reality is as good as I started working on bf modding, I have SO MUCH to do
woah woah, two rando runs in a day? WTFF
like recently, I concluded I needed to redo the docs of like 713 flags we have because the existing ones I did were insuficient
but it's super more random that way
which happens to be needed for a rando because I IMAGINE how they do logic is a depencency tree
Next seed I roll will be allsanity pitch shift goombario hammerless
and I need to know what each flags grants + how you get them
It'll still be better than whatever the fuck buff00n rolled last time
If I want any chance of being able to do that
I also would need to do apis to do stuff like mess with DoAction: a SINGLE function int he game that processes EVERY turns in battles and I mean like every player or enemy action, it's a mess to edit
If I vanish it's because I'm updating drivers
there's also stuff like yes you can technically add or edit text without too much issues, but if you are gonna do it manually, it's painful so I need to make a fucking text editor lol
btw there was a 1.1.2 released like 2-3 weeks ago and I had to diff it...I was so rusty lol
I had to spend 3 hours remaking a script I lost since lol
yeah they fixed 2 VERY VERY bad softlocks, one was a regression that broke an important failsafe that can happen on a lot of cutscenes
Something happened at the mall of america tonight and minneapolis got trending because people don't know where the fucking mall actually is
but they also introduced NEW issues because they added German and Korean....except they did not called a beta
so issues crept up during the diff and I felt sad
Ik why they didn't do it and I felt a little disappointed (the tl;dr is it's a QA issue), but it's still mostly a win for people
I like the scripted reload huh
bug fables just has randomnise things (fun fact, this was NOT in 1.0.0 lol)
Ok drivers installed restart time
look I bought jetbrains's IDE SOLELY because I didn't like to use vs on my windows vm to develop avalonia apps lol
also because vscode was starting to annoy me
It's FINE for dev work, but any IDE is better except eclipse or netbeans
and jetbrains is like....the cadilac of IDE, you pay a lot, but your money is worth
I hope your stream is going well
It was GREAT! Thank you
vs is I guess good enough, but no linux
Birthday stream = fun
You've been streaming so much I love to see it
Always happy to support in any way I can
GOD I MISSED THAT SFX
do not ask me why, but the pm64 badge get sfx, the first thing that comes to mind when I hear it is "oh sexy!"
Hows the run doin
Just.. you know, win.
I mean.. we could find the palace key in two.
In before you realize that you turned quizsanity on.
Spell it out with me, Phantom. T-W-O. S-E-V-E-N.
I swear if this is the palace key..
So, we both agreed on seven, right?
bearunlvL bearunlvL bearunlvL bearunlvL bearunlvL bearunlvL
have a good stream!
You have been magnetized to the sewers for the whole seed.
Why is that there?
From over ten thousand years ago.
Is Tast T. immortal? Why'd they seal away her frying pan for that long???
She's too powerful. Returning her pan to her releases the seal holding the great evil within her at bay.
SEE, TOLD YOU IT WAS SEVEN. >_>'
MegaMan.EXE with Mega Rush? That'd be busted w/ Undershirt.
This was a relatively short seed, all things considered.
Do you know off the top of your head what the longest seed for you has been?
I feel like it's around the six or seven hour mark.
Still no Goombario :(
Ralph over here scalping prices.
Dude. Okay. So, I'm into Warhammer 40k stuff. Collecting minis, wargaming, etc. When the Indomitus box came out, a ton of people bought hundreds of it to re-sell on Amazon for like.. three times the actual price. THE NEXT DAY GW released even more boxes of it the second the scam sellers tried to make money that way.
It was the funniest ****.
So, there were just a bunch of scalpers with hundreds of indomitus boxes sitting around. KEKWait
Funny thing is, you only get back in proportion to what you put in.
So, I may lose 2k points, but, they only get a tiny amount of it.
(You better hurry the **** up, Phantom. KEKWait )
Let there be fire.
That is really stupid. haha.
I trust in you.
Heck yeah it is.
Way to go. <3
That shouldn't have worked.
Those hammer steals were clutch.
I better see some goombario
Also I am so happy coney added el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
It's so fucking good
Did you open that or was that just a random thing
I want my points
why do you have 4 seeds?
you started with 4 seeds LUL
did taco give you this seed?
He did this to himself
At least you got your money back
oh you have no hammer!
Is this the test seed?
the hammerless test seed in the discord
Hamerless is just out LUL
I didnt know they added hammerless
WE GET THA GOOD CUTSCENE
do mail but with random text KEKW
Did you check partner fp yet
last night I needed only fertile soil for go mode and it was behind empty wallet pepeW
Is no hammer start still experimental right now
wtf that block break is huge brain
early koot favor items monkaW
Hey hey. Was in the middle of watching one of your recent run through a on YT, figured I'd watch ya live :) gl!
Axl player from MN I'm homies with made it out of pools on winners at evo
He's cool but he counterpicks leo against me >:(
I beat his ass last time so it's fine
That was before buffs too
I haven't actually gotten to a local since they made my char not ass
kolorado has good taste in books
I think what you should go do is get goombario
early laki randos FeelsAmazingMan
"Logan Barrio is kogaku mario" thank you captions
Alpharad is streaming thas crazy
He got a sleeve tattoo that he didn't design
He just booked an artist for 2 days and told them wing it LOL
oh yeah I found out you can deliver a letter to the dead mayor
It turned out way too good for that terrible decision
ch5 being optional with laki is a really nice design feature
wow he paid 3500 for that tattoo after tip
He just gives 0 fucks about money
And he has no reason to LUL
I would've just won
Alpharad is doing an emerald mod he comm'd
everything is an ice tile
just hold a straight angle 4Head
Simply get through the wall
there will be a video after this works
4 seeds and you 40 mins in?
can you put laki at the bottom wall and up right into it
need to come back with bombette to npc push Kappa
was the blocks ultra hammer blocks?
well now theres video proof
noooo I miss the skip
I even ended it at you saying what the fu-
Ah yes, call a game bad because you lost a speedrun to RNG and yet continue to attempt this. Then you're going to keep calling the game bad and keep attempting the world record. absolute streamer syndrome.
Maddi_SR: Ah yes, call a game bad because you lost a speedrun to RNG and yet continue to attempt this. Then you're going to keep calling the game bad and keep attempting the world record. absolute streamer syndrome. el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
Nice Jade Raven LUL
Wait, is this an early Chapter 6 seed w/ 4 seeds?
For the volcano clip, it looked like you clipped when you got on Laki
Apparently you can LZS to dupe that upgrade
I will do it
Red Jar I mean
normally in my pm randomizers the ultra stone is 99% a trap for me
the map layout you made for dry dry is a life savior btw
everything else I found online has missing checks smh
Is the map found on your channel
I'm interested in checking it out myself
where do you go to push founder badges
I can never find it when I look around
ye most of my founders subbed literally once and were never seen again OMEGALUL
I cant believe its taken twitch like 5 years to finally add the option to manage founders
I believe you can get up there by jumping on the chest, not sure how hard it is tho
That Zap Tap was fake btw
he's stuck on the slide
You wouldn't kidnap a kid on a playground, would you? monkaS
If it was goombario?
short extreme rando huh
It's short if you give up soon :)
Is that a blue key on your tacker?
*sees it's a trap, marks it anyway*
or I'll curse you with a goombario
Could've been fake Goombario tho
I had a seed with 2 fake goombario 1 time
I pick the 2rd one up thinking it was real and nope
what are they gonna do about it? lock her up
oh that why she was in jail
my store room had a sleepy sheep AND 3 STAR PEICES!!!
Phantom they finally released hugh neutron for nasb are youexcited :)
ripchetoo have the real goombario
As long as you remember where renewable Cake Mix is, you'll be fine
doesn't he have 2 attack power
Wow, you can buy 3 Star Pieces for 3 Star Pieces!
yo 3 star pieces for 3 star pieces
You DO need seven stars to beat his ass
Moles were sphere 0 sooooo
When you don't get spooked but spook yourself
If I had a nickel for every fake Ultra Stone you found in a panel...
I swear every seed with traps have 5 fake ultra stones
I mean, I bet you could buy some pretty cool Star Pieces with that Star Piece...
Boris Post Boris This Boris boris Boris To Boris Post Boris This Boris boris Boris
Did you ever do Shrink Stomp check?
I can only think of 1 thing
Of all the boss checks to skip, Blooper's rough bc it's Sphere 0 when you have hammer
dont u have dizzy stomp
I mean for this blooper unless dizzy doesn't work on this one
IDK how much you watch other rando players, but JCog usually fights Blooper early-ish but save scums it
ahh I knew it
I guess that's fair
my brain starts losing track if I scum
Not too many places it's helpful but I get it
yeah me to beside 1 thing
Blooper's the main one I would do bc it means you hardly ever have to fight Super Blooper
maybe make the 1st blooper late in logic like star pieces
The problem is, as of right now, almost nothing accounts for Mario's strength
Only starting location, dojo and kind of Anti Guy do
shouldn't of said anything lol
he wrote you a beautiful song
LuigI's the master composer?!
I love the random lore bits you can make in randos
He didn't even need to SEE the Lyrics first
Means you might have missed Sushie or a Fortress Key
Or Miracle Water even
sushi could be somewhere monkaHmm
So not a fortress key then...
guess you about to get sushi
Hard read: Bombette's in this chapter
And this is the chapter you were supposed to beat
Go get that real power rush :)
It doesn't have to mean anything but it could
You should pick it up :)
another real ultra stone
You have a letter
So that other one was fake, interesting...
You skipped the last block
Don't you want your friend? :)
I bet with 2 lakis you could skip yakkey
Isnt there some tas thing with text boxes for final
red key is always in ch7
dead mayor delivery Pog
Red Key could actually be behind Blue Key
Too fast or just at the wrong times
Its my life goal to block the monstar attack someday
It is possible to get that block before fighting Monstar
If you say "Go back" you can do it
I mean, that probably would work as a Snowman hat
random thought: kinda wish that the star spirits could get randomized colors as well as do the NPC's
gameon18TwinkWinking gameon18TwinkWinking gameon18TwinkWinking gameon18TwinkWinking gameon18TwinkWinking gameon18TwinkWinking gameon18TwinkWinking
The emotes failed me LUL
Playing the new Mario Kart DLC
GL and have fun!
I have yet to complete this game
It's nice having the N64 games on switch online because I can take the catalog with me when I'm on the go
Don't get me wrong, it has its shortcomings and for $80/year for a family plan is worth it
With NSO do I need to be on Wi-Fi if I want to play paper mario?
My aunt gets us that every year as a Christmas gift. It's me and like 5-6 other people
twas rough, was playing mario + rabbids kingdom battle
world 3 chapter 4 now
NSO itself could use voice chat on the console but I understand why Nintendo did it the way they did, it's more family oriented and secure that way
It definitely ramps up in difficulty, or I just suck
poor mario, every other fight he gets knocked out
I'd rather have a team of luigi, rabbid luigi, and peach
My first home console was the Wii so it's my first time playing a lot of these games with NSO. It's all included unlike virtual console which is a benefit for me
That's mainly due to licensing
whats a game that everyone wishes would be released on NSO
We got banjo-kazooie on n64 so there's a chance we could get goldeneye
same with Mario RPG. I couldnt beat it my first time playing it through like 15 years ago. I finally beaten it a few years back
Amen to the GC games
It's either gonna be GameCube Or gameboy for the next console added, I can feel it
just in general, I'd like all the metroid games on there
What would be interesting is DS games. How would they go about porting games that use two screens onto one?
Wii U had DS
I would love to play Kirby and the Amazing Mirror again
I've played a lot of games on my Wii U. It's a good console just marketed poorly. And now I miss miiverse
Wii U had an option for all one screen but no touch screen is a potential problem
Star Fox Guard was a pretty awesome game for Wii U if anyone has played it
Plus if you needed two screens you'd have to have a Bluetooth connection of some sort with the dock
I mean it did take them 4 years or so to add Bluetooth audio
So anything could happen
Why is Huff so jiggly?
Imo just use wired headphones, it has a headphone jack which is something you can't say about most new smartphones
I forgot about that
It supports a USB keyboard for its text field
You think the would've updated the standard of Bluetooth connectivity limits
Yeah it was only with the one s and up that have Bluetooth. It's also supported on phones
Do you know when mario galaxy 2 is coming to switch? Haha
What's interesting to me is the thumb sticks of the joycons use graphite for the little stoppers inside from what I've heard
What's weird to me is that they ported SMG2 to Wii U when it was already compatible but didn't put it in 3DAS
I'm curious to see what n64 games will be added in the future. Nintendo reply tweeted themselves a while back saying; 'More N64 games coming soon. Stay tuned.'
All I need is banjo kazooie banjo tooie paper mario sm64
always wanted to play Tooie
I just can't believe rare is still owned by Microsoft for as long as they have been
Rare Limited is a British video game developer and a studio of Xbox Game Studios based in Twycross, Leicestershire. Yeah they're wholly owned
Rare separated well the banjo rare guys but yea rare is owned by Microsoft
They're also British apparently. Didn't know that
I learned of Rare when playing DK64 and Diddy Kong racing
where was kooper? I just got back
Funny story. If I remember correctly, my first experience with a rareware game was Kinect Sports
I really like tooie
the soundtrack to DKC is unmatched in some tracks
Is DK64 on NSO?
do you know the name of the person who made the soundtrack to both BK and DK64?
he's amazing and absolutely brilliant lol
I will go and buy a xbox if a new banjo game come out and not like the nuts and bolts shit
I tried also playing the DK64 randomizer but could not get into it like I do for PM randomizer
@phantom5800 you always stream when I'm at work clintBaka
Ive been at work this entire time pepeW
ty for entertainment btw
I just got let off after 10 hours of dog grooming lol
like what does a dk 64 rando even randomized
honestly hardly much is randomized
mfw diddy kong banana is now in donkey kong banana spot
doesn't sounds fun at all
my first world was Gloomy Galleon and I couldnt open both gates to either side. I was almost soft locked lol
I like the resident evil 2 rando
I love ads pugAYAYA
yoshi shop I think
uh I could be wrong
unless it was the rando I have pause on youtube
It also has the first confirmed laki flarrakarry
Do I need an everdrive to play rando?
I use project 64 its awful
I play mine on OpenEmu (I know I have a Mac) and they're okay for me
I don't like emulators tbh I always have controller issues
project 64 have great controller support but the game look awful
I'm off work next Monday clintWeeb
Hot tub stream clintThot
everything on rando no cheating allowed
I'm still waiting on the hundo rando :tf:
oh and be in a hot tub like jhawk said
never is such a final word tho
you dont know what life will entail Kappa
have a good night
In german we'd call this situation a "difficult birth"
we are a well put together group
I mean, it has to have an impact at some point, right? if you keep lowering you at some point hit 0 seeds
gm and gl ThankEgg
shoot just ended stream before you started RIP raid
sure, it's not a big change, but having something to do in ch6 more often was the goal wasnt it
Ruins jump really should be allowed imo, I was able to do it with D-pad earlier
(realistically how many people will the rules change even affect)
I'll do real testing a bit later
MarioManTAW really?? I have literally never gotten superhammer room w/o parakarry
after like an hour of trying
runback from last week? sushie on pleasant path?
you spoke it into existance lol
seed is not rigged I swear
yo feeling fine tho?
going to play some soccer with the roommates phanto274Hype cyas doggoLeave hope the seed is nice to you
because the race rules are good and consistent, of course
whats all actually banned in the weeklies
glitchless speedruns in general are arbitrary tho
buzzar skip and pie jumps are probably in because a) they have no bearing on logic, and b) because speedrunners know these already
not necessary paper mario
a lot of other games glitchless actually means no major skips
oot glitchless is such a debate lol
ye pape glitchless is pure FeelsStrongMan
I wonder what the oot rando tourney rules are like
link to the past base rules are different. they just allow everything except for the very most broken glitches
yeah, no clipping oob. and besides one or two other caveats thats basically it
This seed is pretty decent.
Merlow's got quite the stash
you couldn't skip it? .... huh
I wish there was a way to make chapter 5 less logic heavy early in runs
I thought you were about to mention the wrong-way Kolorado ride, but that's a new one
so many bugs while I'm in the middle of getting gear anywhere running aaarhg
45 coins for shroom steak. PogChamp
I gave up on jp parity in regards to map geometry for now
supposedly star rod can dump jp maps, but I couldn't get it to play nice
oh btw is there a way of skipping the bombette puzzle in crystal palace? I know of the kooper puzzle skip, and I'm never sure if that works for the bombette one too
oh, that's missing from the parity repo then
Parakarry in a box.
I can dm you the parity repo link tomorrow if youd like to take a look. its not much rn
keep in mind the parity stuff is not strictly planned for rando
has its pro and cons
jp has easier super bloop, and raph skip, but harder hallway etc.
Is there anything else relevant then besides raph skip and crystal palace skips
2 enemies on this scaling is rare tbf
Hey which gamepad viewer are you using?
My everdrive is coming soon so Ive been thinking about that
what item did you get in cooking?
just popping in with some good rng. good luck!
yeah, sadly next update will probs only have the post ch4 scene shorter
take the minute of B to plan routing? ig? lol
SNK FANS ARE EATING
ah, the early ch5. a classic
Shooting Stars in shop is pretty good
another reason why ootr is much easier to pick up than pape rando. oot is just plain easy, while pape isnt
It would maybe be comparable if every chapter was locked to, idk, chapter 3 difficulty max
Its too bad because if you *do* know the game, this rando is so awesome
If just progressive didn't suck
Which chapter is the hardest when scaled to ch. 7?
I still wonder if the xp cap was necessary. I was overruled when that was discussed
"I made big brained plays in the 1st 10 minutes" flex
I mean, is the cap the only issue?
so weekly randos also for testing settings, is what I'm hearing?
the xp cap of progressive is actually just a lock on the website. the generator doesn't have that
I'd be grateful for that
the most negative feedback for progressive actually did come from prominent community members
on the discord we rarely got complaints
Lava Piranha Fight PogChamp
I might poke jcog and m4 about progressive w/o cap as well
after swapping from progressive to shuffled I dont want to go back
I just home from vacation phanto274BLANKIES gl gl
dont accidentally hit the mini piranha
cats4eWiggle how are you phantom?
ever heard of stream?
no kitchen set up cats4eSad
Celebrate by doing extreme rando. LUL
hundo rando would be PERFECT for this
@Glennjaamin ever heard of Kanno
There's a 100 rando? PogChamp
he got hacked two days ago
maybe some vanilla pape but a challenge run? there's stuff on the glitz pit discord, like partners only, act only every 2 turns, no items, only upgrade bp etc
what if, you played Spelunky?
cats4eNote thats a lot
you could do dark star
dark star is fun
dark star supposedly is the bomb
Book of Mario is so good
Oh, that sounds fun
so much new content
Dark star would be so good
It runs on ED
runs on erectile dysfunction
yeah, dont have to go all in on dark star, but sticking your nose in cant hurt
dse is a very different thing than mq
absolutely would be some top tier content
sooo many new badges
the new items they add make battles interesting
joe dying a million times to the vulture Kappa
I still need to beat ch5 in dark star
you got to chapter 5?
Iirc I'm at the block before lava piranhna pepeW
this seed is mean it seems
every seed is mean if you are me OMEGALUL
dont jump on a spiky gloomba
You don't have the first attack badge?
now this is what I call a seed of interesting choices
But, it's a start
fr what is this seed wow
I thought you'd be trapped if you missed that key
sadly I'll have to rewatch the rest tomorrow. gl on the rest o/
Mario, why are you carrying all these shrooms? Are you under the influence?
Brother Phantom how are you today PogChamp
Tragically vanilla whacka bump LUL
do you lose those letters for the Parrakarry check, or does the game check for 3 different letters?
You got your work cut out
I've not played a XC game, but people constantly blowing up my timeline about XC3 has me curious
I've only watched a bit of 3 and it looks neat plot wise
though I've watched my brother play through XC1
Infinite dizzy dials BatChest
Koopas are laughing at you
How could he eat ghosts?
his stomach's lined with..... something that let him eat Boos
Yes, you need to slo down
It's pape speed. no slow
This was meant to be a terrible pun
but can you get Hammer?
Now, you slapthe hell out of Tubba Bubba
Hey phantom! how's the rando?
I see you don't have miss bomb.
what a slap in the face. l0l
pawn off Goombario while you're at Rip's
umm the koopa bros colors are the nonbinary flag
how's the seed going? I napped too long lol
yeah sounds that way. I've been wanting to do the races but with school starting soon I've just been dead on the weekends
how much of 7 have you done?
go mode bombette sounds disgusting lol
have you checked the cloud near huff?
I don't think I've ever had/seen a bombette last partner seed
that I can remember
there's gonna be a lot of mad people lol
hopefully this power rush is at a good BP.
balanced is like +/- 2 right?
a 10% chance for toxicity, got it
rip in peace, koopa bros
ahh I walked away for a sec and missed koopa bros--I wanted to see the fourth color! They were gray, yellow, purple, and what else?
omg thats literally the nonbinary pride flag!
9 doesnt break it jeez
Is it the same seed for everyone?
you did good for what you had
you gonna do Laki check?
I went away at Lantern Ghost fight
Tekken 8 got the tiniest ass teaser
They showed kazuya from 1 throw goober off the cliff and then it cut to the new model and it ended lol
What? Did you have Lemon Candy?
They announced a new t7 patch first though lol
You brave and dangerous man!
But yea they ended with the teaser and before it was 2 minutes of world tour and the patch and people were MAD LOLLLL
SNK def had the best announcements so far tho
thank god anti guy doesn't scale lol
Team samurai, Garou, Sam sho rollback
Kim and Shingo are coming to 15 on their own also
Buff00n very excited for the new garou game tho
I have 15 but I like don't have someone to play it with lol
Crossplay in september comes out tho and they're fixing the matchmaking with it
But yea the SF announcement already leaked so that is cool but not crazy
Just wanna see what arcsys has at this point
I wanna see venom but I don't think it's happening
But yea the reveal for t8 got scuffed by how they cut
The comms freaked out, harada came and popped off with them, then it awkwardly just cut to 2015 tekken 7 LOL
It was super abrupt
@RuneRavenFP what's the SF announcement?
Juri and someone else got leaked earlier today by their own facebook LOL
They were already in the leaked roster though
I just want them to show Ken
Make the reveal trailer just him fucking white girl wasted in an alley crying
Holding a picture of his wife
Make it the most depressing shit to end a top 8 LOL
sorry they played a multi ad that was very loud whatchu say
I just see a very blessed party lineup
@RuneRavenFP S AM E
Mel took the kid, Ryu
She fukken took my son
Go whoop Bowser's ass!
REALLY hope they show off some SF3 characters for 6
where's Makoto, Hugo and Necro
Kof15 is 35% off rn phantom
If I wasn't about to fly to smashcon I'd just buy it for you lol
Honestly I'm more excited for that than smashcon rn
say hi to Taco for me
The gangs all here
I'll get jibca to rant to you about blazblue shit
my neck of the woods lol
If I wasn't broke af, I'd have shown up
GET FUCKED, EGG BOY
Using Bow for the final fight?
How many evo's has daigo top 8'd in lolll
I also love how he like
I use Watt in every fight in Bowser's castle on up.
Won like 5 SF4 evo's in a row and now just says the game was dogshit LOL
If only you had feeling fine you could get peril
Feeling fine is really good in this fight :)
they should make this twink fight more randomized
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo bowser is fucking dead el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
Wait did he just finish LOL
haha I just looked at the ractime.gg LUL
He was ahead before final
Raid 'em, tell 'em he's TOO SLOW
ggs, that Final Bowser was clutch
I was pissing and shitting that whole final fight gg
such a close race
I was pissing and shitting gg
We raiding m4 or axl
If you're streaming when I get off work, I'll gladly hop in
Ggs yesterday, wild finish
I was v content being 12 minutes behind with perfect? final rng
I think I 3 turned it? I needed fire or 2 non fires and it worked out
some extreme rando this is
Oh hey not looking for kooper this time
take a shot then you can hammer that tree fifiBad
happy anniversary! what did she get you?
laki is doing his best
'ello, happy anniversary! and gl hf! and gg for yesterday lol
what's the pouch the in shop
Shame you can't spiny
yesterday killed my moral, taking a break from rando races
LUL getting blasted left and right
3 looks pretty good now
Was that 3 star pieces for 2?
Didn't realize Mario could haggle
Merlow is new to this whole trading thing
Not my focus atm tho
I'll put it on the list
Hammer let's you 'beat' 1?
can kooper hit trees?
happy making pennies from the funny website anniversary
kooper so valuable for jumpless start, can use him to hit save & heart blocks lmao
2 Year Affiliate PogChamp
yeah, it's kind of silly haha
how will jumpless work? theres only 4 chests + prologue bush, but there'll be six upgrades
jumpless will always shuffle boots into regular item pool
So since you can't jump, that means you can access a TON of areas
super hammer room while jumpless with parakarry NotLikeThis
not ultra hammer room
you mean in dry dry ruins
I'm having safe any% flashbacks
yeah you gotta do what you gotta do but it's still cursed lmao
uhh, ive seen that episode before
another round of divorce papers huh
(ignore that I am running all cards where I am doing 3 card LZS)
lzs is cringe either way
but yeah down is bad especially if the room is laggy
source: I do lzs bhs sometimes
You forgot to mark fortress key on tracker
oh you got it
nope that's much more useful
does electropop work like volt shroom? Ive never actually used one
but yea it's a volt shroom and a cake slapped together basically
15FP restore and the same electrifying as a volt shroom
fire pop is cool cause we use it in peril in glundo which is genius
do you use it to kill yourself...?
no cause you can't die in the overworld
so we use it when we're already at 1hp so it's just an fp restore lol
so its no better than any other fp restore then
no but (a) it's 20 fp and (b) we have to make it anyway for the all recipes requirement of 100%
so instead of selling it may as well use it when it makes sense
oh sheet hundo is all recipes too??
what else you gotta do?
yup, 100% is defined by everything tracked on the chalkboard in mario's house
I've never heard of the chalk board! I'm always learning new things about this game
all badges, star pieces, recipes, in addition to all super blocks and boot/hammer upgrades, and all permanent key items
are basically what that refers to
bomb and watt are only things that knock over fast?
so close to TMNT
yesterday was nonbinary pride flag colors
8fp normal laki spiny surge at that
needs larger target Kappa
at least we get the banger music
Is it ever worth buying pounces?
so far only good move is 1fp power shell
you have watt, how is it not in logic?
oh! you broke chapter 1
also that's an ooc sentence
totally planned and on purpose
I beat LP with stone cap x2 and just squirt KEKW
you just know the jungle is gonna have the diamond stone or something
The tracker doesnt understand shuffled chests?
oh wait, you made the tracker??
that skips just the one raph check right?
Is super hammer blocking pulse stone..?
Leave it to Ch. 5 to save the day
I'm ready for flarralester FeelsAmazingMan
he did it quizmoPog
surely theres a way Kappa
It's like when you're trying to show your friends how well you trained your dog but your dog doesn't listen.
call it spike skip
cuz youre skipping the spike ball with "spike"
Bombette not almost 3 hours into the seed pog
after that, you deserve 1fp power and mega bomb
Cant lose coins if you don't have any jcogSmart
While I'm not wishing it on you, I do enjoy entertainment
the ice cream truck just drove up to our neighborhood so I got a milkshake
Is this clippy again?
did you do panel?
laki is so op
the only cutscene I'd never want to skip
get the silver credit :)
go in that area
that block should break on its own like the ultra block did
lol, money well spent @Rigby235
my favorite key item :)
change pulse stone beeping noise to the attack fx c sound
too close for comfort
Almost had to start over
Goombario did nuthin wrong
mhhhh exquisite dried shrooms tho?
I bet dried shrooms actually taste really good but theyre just bad nutritionally
dude imagine someone comes to your shop, buys a bunch of things, then throws them around before leaving
I mean its their money
how to get banned from that shop:
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes or viewers on viewers. shop (viewers. shop)!
you also literally just got the real one in the shop lol
just make me mod stickshamO
yeah, what about it?
I'll do it again
I think if you banned me it would've been funny
anyways bot was banned
Looks like a vip slot opened up
exploding dirt reminds me of the bomb pie in sponghe bob
so the other goombario was a trap!
"That thing" has a name
now you have to charge until you one turn final out of respect
and you have Goombario for luck
bruh moment during dev testing just now: do full gear shuffle, gear ends up in big chest anyway phanto274Thonk
Itd from the first step
you have bump attack?
was that midwest speedfest thing sent in their discord?
Did you see my post about Ruins jump in Discord?
no, we've never done restream for them
I was trying to figure stuff out
nah, on the other one, you can do it from the first step, its what I normally do
Is that just a straight up left notch
TLDR: with a straight up-left angle, there's a 2-frame window, going slightly left of up-left gives you 2 extra frames
Its jank in the perfect way
Is it against the rules to modify your controller to have custom notches?
It is, in fact, not /literally/ impossible
I kinda want to record myself just doing the jump a bunch of times in a row lol
I'm p sure random is doing that spin jump in RAC
the extreme async had a parakarry start, it was nice
wouldn't it be a great bit to upgrade Goombario?
can you softlock easily with sushi glitch
she gonna give a coin 1000%
worse than a coin
lemon candy for gourmet guy
Gourmet Guy could make you stop having it though
the black and white penguins match this music so well
old timey detective but real
oh god it's the egg
this is chapter 6
yeah looking like 7 is 6, 5 is 7, 3 is 4
I love it when I pick up letters from pedestals and it explodes
Mega Quake has a satisfying visual effect
have you done any dojo?
have you seen scarf and bucket?
What if they're both vanilla?
Did you see the Pulse Stone?
oh right 2 power pluses
Oh look! It's Santa Claus
we killed christmas D:
mm hot leaf juice
yea you wanna clip from the bottom side of that corner
you redid mt rugged lmao
It was in the block up past the cleft
90% sure you have to talk to Merluvlee first
Out of curiosity (and since I missed it), where in Mt. Rugged was the Pulse Stone? Could it have been in logic with Kooper?
The very right coin can be grabbed with Kooper
I bet parakarry is in blooper's chest
Alright so then no
Itd be nice if parakarry was your go mode item so you dont have to turn in any letters
did you get bombette checks in ch1 I dont remember when she showed up
theres a few checks in boos mansion still too, right?
pape mod that replaces rowf with Boris
If I had the game
feeling fine was a mistake
that's certainly a title
When they hit you but they actually don't
Quake badges are so good.
It's always funny when a first strike suddenly misses in battle
no parakarryless stanley save :(
can anything even be here??
save the yoshis save the world
Is it literally just tubba key and miracle water now?
you can laki clip into there
and out, but it's slow
parakarry avoiding you the same way you avoided Goombario
I'll send you a video of it
yeah it's super free, just gotta know about it
But no Gold Oink?
The clip in may save more time but the clip out prevents a first strike
Also are you /sure/ the Pulse Stone's fake? Hmm
I am so glad I joined in on my favorite chapter but also upset because I still need to finish my 12 hour challenge
YEP Sushie in a badge block
Well have fun, I need to do more 12 hour challenge
whats the 12 hour challenge?
oh yeah I'm doing glundo this week
let it sink in Kreygasm
also more fun Kappa
I should return to glundo one of these days
I need my sub 7
ye spin dashing just makes running this game so much smoother
If someone gives me the glundo route, I'll do it
rigby self harm is not good
rigby if you run glundo I will """race""" you
still hilarious to me I have a marathon pb in the category lol
I butchered something in chapter 2 and it threw off the entire run
I also died in chapter 8 and had to redo door 2
Mario: The Master of Luck
running around for all these checks was rng seeding for the master fights
Mario: The Master Manipulator
another whale ride FeelsAmazingMan
How many whale rides is that now?
just finished drawing Luigi
Always save the Yoshis!
man I actually got disoriented when you said you had the crystal berry because of bug fables lol
been thinking how I'll put my docs on the internals, it's likely going to be a github repos, but I might bonify it with github pages which allows you to do a static website
oh shit idk they put a compass in this game lol
so ant compass or return pipe, it's the same deal where you use an item to get back to the hub
now why is it a shroom? I would get if it was a pipe...
DID TITLE SAY DARK STAR!?!?!?!?!?
I have a file name for u
It effects the game
what is dark star?
It does not change gameplay though
I'll tell u when we get to it
didn't this game had a hard mode though?
cause this game is way more balanced than ttyd so you can make it work, but I thought someone did before
yeah that's likely the one I heard
actually I remember hearing mq is bs and mqjr is more fair lol
no idea if it's true
wasn't there a luigi mod that bf took the idea from in a modifier?
cause bf had the RUIGEE modifier and I think it was something like it existed in pm64 with similar concept
@Phantom5800 when u make file for dark star put the name as "antiguy" u can reset after u see it
so you name antiguy in dark star....so they cancel each other and it becomes bright?
I'm glad you decided to do the hundo rando after all Kappa
btw this song is still my favorite of pm64
gulchy gulch is so goooood
god I did not missed these beeps lol
@Phantom5800 there are a few of them :) "AntiGuy" "AllToads" "ShyGuy" and the last 1... super super super hard master mode I guess... dont do this even if u dare "CantWin"
that was a item
u can get it at start of game if u want
Idk if u want me to tell u what it is
but that item was not the "CantWin" code
you should try the "CantWin" code after you beat the game if you beat it
If only we had some water. Man, wouldn't that be a miracle?
How much of the Dojo have you done?
U STOLE THE LAST OF TUBBA'S MONEY
@ilovecats923 And he's about to steal his key too. LUL
want me to tell u what "CantWin" code does?
ok let me type it out
I'll type the games instructions
Yee you got it right
"CantWin" file code detected.
oh, you're playing full sanity. :0
You have been given all 128 badges and all 5 unlockable stones. your stats have been raised to Level 27.
Phantom! Happy anniversary! phanto274BLANKIES How goes the rando?
However, battles will always be at 4.5x difficulty or higher. you'll get softlocked, but I dont know exactly where.
I am sensing sarcasm Kappa
send me seed, I'll beat it ez Kappa
Problems will occur if you collect more badges or reobtain the stones.
Collecting the greed stone is a bad idea as you might get softlocked.
so the "CantWin" code is super hard
oh shit! I'm sorry phantom. where are my manners. HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!
2 year anniversary was like 3 days ago then?
he bought that mailbag for 1 coin LMAO
the 3 codes that dont affect the game in gameplay are "AllToads" "AntiGuy" and "ShyGuy" I say try the codes and then reset
I wasn't here when you got Parakarry, where was he?
they look good lol
u did get snowmans gifts right?
So locked behind a long chain starting with Goomba King fun
any vanilla key items?
did u get the goomba village panel
um streamer, you forgot kooper
Fake Kooper in Chapter 7? More likely than you'd think
what checks did u not do yet
I mean it's not like there are 5 fake Koopers in 7 in vanilla...
the green 1 is the real kooper\
but we have silver credit
did u do koopa koot
the shop letter is fake
did u do merluv autograph check?
get the fake autograph? that is rly watet
help me I regret everything
I got coaxed into a 540 relay
my shift is till 4am pepeW
so I run 3dw at like 2:40
I hate multi mario
yeah with my 2:53 Kappa
did u go to merluv and claim the item that replaces autograph
the only reason I don't like this song as much is cause sad sun is better :|
the mood is stronger
the happy one, I just...forget
Happy Sun is such a mood booster though
happy sun being so rare makes it better for me
Well, since I only play/watch Pape as a rando, I'm honestly more used to hearing happy song LUL
there's so many songs that does it better, but not that many does it better than sad sun
Sad Sun is a bop though
It's very tone heavy
It's kinda like that one song in spm, though that one feels nice to listen to
when you come back to ch7
the panel where u fell and goom save u
Mt. Rugged panel? Hmm
does this rando have a spoiler log?
did you do pokies
the well in 6
that's so appropriate atm too. lmao
tfw waiting for my dad to arrive with my leif plush in the mail
go to merluv for autograph... u forgor
If it is whisper it to me
Its behind final master monkaS
@Phantom5800 check merluv autograph u could have forgot to do it
What if Master gives you an Autograph?
calculator into autograph into blue key into cryastal berry into water
attack fx r will help
just download repel gels
well attack fx r will help lots @Phantom5800
yay I got my leif plush :)
maybe a bot can
use attack fx r for luck
buy 69 life shrooms
@Phantom5800 reset game for the shrooms of life
Well, you know what they say, luck is a skill
u can gamble for money @Phantom5800
what luck Badges do you have
u have the silver credit so gamble for life shroom money
why are we doin nothing with partner?
what about taking on enemies
what can it be
Is that coin in last shop a placeholder
reset file so u got the other shrooms
u had some before master 3
so reset game so u have it
where did you get the life shroom that you have
just get to go mode or all sprites then quit
which shop was it in
calculator can give another shroom
koopa koot that rat bastard
1 more check in bowser
and sadly fighting is the only way to get coins
what if this seed is generous and gives you 3 life shrroms in the castle?
time to farm amazee daisies
btw leif plush is good, I like the robe, the head is a bit round though and it's impossible to make him stand without support
2/3 the Life Shrooms in the game in Star Haven shop YEP
can you spook them
use the refund badge or moneymoney badge @Phantom5800
but what are the chances of getting life shrooms in the shop or browser's castle
GAMBLE IN SHY GUY TOYBOX THEN
we are in a bad situation
Nah, you got this.
I say just go to dark star
we have feeling lucky itll be fine COPIUM
sorry I use ddg, it doesn't have a I'm feeling lucky button
Only if you care about being fast
what Badges do we need
this seed is cursed
use refund and moneymoney :O
Is D-Down jump good?
attack fx r will give u luck @Phantom5800
maybe we can use the fp plus that you have
Can you level up at all?
but no live shroom
Would 5 more FP get you through final?
In google translate the question for going to castel is "get naked?"
Peach's Castle checks are highly encouraged for once
we need a game plan
Two blues, a purple, and a red. LUL
what do you mean by win
There not even the Yoshi one. :(
wait b is not blue
no yoshi sound Sadge
what item was that
dose the seed randomize defense as well
Find another trap for Peril?
One final trap Bowser set
Nice Dizzy Dial. LUL
@Phantom5800 trap in chapter 7 snowmans gift kooper
Dizzy Dial for the win. Kappa
how much defense dose bowser have
send the seed to rigby
Wait you still have Charge on, can you get Flower Saver?
MARIO WAS SUPOSSED TO PRESS THAT
JUST LIKE THE 2D GAMES
It's time one chance all or nothing
This is for all the marbles
ooo. that could be fun.
like "AllToads" or "AntiGuy" and also "ShyGuy"
I recommend not doing the 5hp challenge
@Phantom5800 dont use them just test them and look lol
do the 3 until goomba village
well do 1 till then at least
there is a skip bowser so just do bowser 1
the toad will give u cake
u did it :)
YES YES YES YES
that was clutch. for sure.
will you do dark star
I'm still loving the fact that cocnut is still a thing. l0l
Live Layout Creation PogChamp
@Phantom5800 for the bowser fight do the code "AllToads" and the cake with "ShyGuy" and "AntiGuy"
STOP MAKING US SMOL
put a dark star behind the big us
game over counter can come in handy
I'm assuming this mod is hard? lol
put a star like this: star GAME OVERS: 0 star
dark star is very casual :tf:
I'm a sucker for a casual play through.
@Phantom5800 there is a small spoiler for the other 2 so I say dont do them
There are codes? PogChamp
the sleeping status is the same as bug fables
think one is easymode?
@tks564_sassy_riku nope that would be a dif code
Peach has taken over
@Phantom5800 the code only makes all sprites toads
Plot Twist: Peach was the tyrant all along
@Phantom5800 u have to do bowser
oh no it's too late everyone has turned to tode
If Nintendo in 2022 made a remake of Paper Mario 64. KEKHeim
watch cutsene after bowser :) then u shall reset
the text is rly just "star rod AND THE DARK STAR"
I got paper mario the origami king a few months ago
8 damage off tops?
you should beat the game like this lol
It's all just toad IT'S ALL JUST TOAD
Even the Star Spirits!?
read the black yoshi dialog when u start ur normal save! in lobby of peach castle
what is the code for easymode?
also chat with luigi @Phantom5800
could make it better for first time :D
@Phantom5800 in lobby of peach castle chat with luigi and the black yoshi
@Phantom5800 dont talk to toad in hallway to skip bowser though bc it diffrent
u almost did a new code
the code was "NewFile"
I dont think ch3 is possible
@Phantom5800 just chat with black yoshi and luigi to check it! u can say no
so what's the difference with this mod compared to vanilla? if it's a lot can you sum it up.
Happy 2 year, double digits!
U MISSED THE THING
THE NEW BOWSER MODEL
He'll see it soon enough.
there is a code for Easymode is EasyMode :3
did u ever play ttyd
well u will know what is coming :)
It has to do with fighting
u can guess by now
If there are super guards I had no clue and I'm on ch5
I do like how bug fables did it best tho
and a toad fly down in "AllToads"
Perfect guards just got you an extra damage taken off
Superguard broke the game. Once you get good at it, you never have to worry about damage.
Black Mage Kammy. PogChamp
Isn't ttyd 60 frames tho?
all badges bought from mer = badge I belive
u have action commands btw @Phantom5800
with 5hp this prologue took me like 2 hours
forget to save counter : 14
forget to save counter : 1*
make a forgot to save counter
@Phantom5800 u had it
@Phantom5800 u just missed it
If Prologue has a million fans I am one of them. If Prologue has ten fans I am one of them. If Prologue has only one fan, that is me. If Prologue has no fans, that means I am no longer on earth. If the world is against Prologue, I am against the world.
hello kendarWave gl with pape
game over counter: 1 - - - - - forgot to save counter: 1
I guess they said Jr. Troopa was boring. So they made him interesting.
Prologue is beautiful and perfect
It needed no changes
btw u may want to go to trade some star pieces asap
If I remember correctly there are 3 badges :) for free
you forgot the dolly
dolly was obtained @tks564_sassy_riku
5hp needs every block in prologue 10 hp makes it actually feasible
oh no not goombario :c
can we burn him?
@Phantom5800 may want to read all partner descriptions from now on
tattle does not cost a turn @Phantom5800
they nerfed a lot of items too
out of sight is a good way to nerf it
"I don't like she has to poop anymore" - captions
It cost more fp the more u use it during 1 fight
dont forget to read the partner descriptions when u get them :)
I think my favorite part of this mod is the new items they do add
they actually expand the combat a bit
new items are nice
How dare you die to something you couldn't have known
dont forget to tattle goomba king
wait there was something there?
Trial & Error. You gotta love it
I took a nap -- where was parakarry in the rando? lol
@Benzene31415 WE DOING DARK STAR NOW
prologue scaled to ch8 in this seed
game over counter: 2 - - - - - forgot to save counter: 1
Goombario is here to save you
you should read some tattles though
there was something on the last area phantom
To be fair, Mario also has Multi-hit moves.
what is this place?
that is for later and I wont spoil but map may help u figure it out
Green. Lots and lots of green
yeah look at the map see if it oppdated
@Phantom5800 u can look at map to figure it out! that 1 area but I wont tell if right or wrong
I can tell u if u want me 2
ohhhh I think I figured it out
omg it's dark bowser
the new bowser and kammy
3 year anniversary you complete ch2
BOWSER IS BLUE NOW
I wonder how much damage the Koopa Bros do? KEKHeim
The tagline for the sam sho patch is just "Embrace rollback."
SNK says stop with shitty netcode
go trade some star pieces :)
weirdly enough they buffed hammer throw
3 free badges @Phantom5800
I think its basically power jump now
Its equivalent to power smash
they stack also @Phantom5800
@Phantom5800 if u use all 3 curses they do stack :)
berserker is actually kinda based
Merlow's got some stuff
@Phantom5800 a "..." at end means that there is more text
@Phantom5800 this is a boss place where u can do bosses for star pieces! rn u can do goomba king I think... u dont loose items and get after fight
@Phantom5800 the bosses are harder on refight
@Phantom5800 u need to do the refight for the star pieces eventually
It was absurdly visible
that place is easily the worst spot
you should use emulator!
It will make it better for gameplay
but less lag though
I hate using emulator but I don't have an everdrive
u still can prob
N64 emulators especially for pape are ass
Idk how but prob a way
Twink saved you from rng
Twink saved you from going slow
Game is hard in both the hardware and in the game itself. LUL
there are places where it will lag lots... even in emulator
unless what I say was not fully updated lol
partners are very diffrent
just pretend its rando
yay not losing starpoint's :D
just saying that you should get some levels
remember to read partner descriptions
back to see reaction
dont forget to read it
It's your favorite part of bug fables
That looks so ass
It doesn't look good
parrakarry is just as bad as you think he'll be
bomb and para is same
WHY WOULD YOU 360 PARAKARRY
same with bombett @Phantom5800 :)
8 directional Koopa shell kicks
I wonder if that's gonna play a part.
wait till you see why 3d abilities are a thing
Twitch has been buggin' for me all day
oh and 1 more thing! u can convert levels into tokens and then the tokens are what u use to change! this is all at the chet ripo? forgor name
I was waiting for you to cheat. LUL
dont do glitches bc u may skip items :)
also hidden block outside next to save block
thats all I can think of! bye
I have a feeling that by the end of this, he's gonna hate this mod. LUL
Also, red enemy bob-ombs
dont forget to tattle also
that is my leaving message
dont forget to tattle
I wonder much damage they do.
oh also tattle new things right away bc some have a thing where u need to do exact damage
bye fr this time lol
Goombario could tell you their health :)
hey, sorry I was on something else, so how brutal is it so far?
so it's I wanna be the star rod edition? :D
good cause his text are just okay in vanilla
I don't run the game, I actually don't really check speedrunning anymore
yeah that's how kooper works
the bot is horny for mercedes what'd buff00n do
I feeled I missed the message entirely lol
loook it's been at least 5 years I played this lol
It's a rhythm game!
It doesnt matter how good you are at speedrunning vanilla/rando, thats not gonna work here LUL
I mean you are technically killing bombette
I have a feeling that you don't like this mod. LUL
I wonder why that is. Kappa
well good luck man
youve seen nothing yet
you cant get away with being underlevelled like that soon
Idk how it feels on pm64, but I def was fine with the beemerang in bf...though def do not use the stick because it feels weird
oooo yellow is electricc
I like grinding in this one cause equipping the curse badges give more coins/exp so you can grind smart with some setups
But yeah I dont even know if you can beat ch2 skipping every encounter
they should have made quick change a default ability
especialy if they want you to tattle
did you fought every encounters coming to here? I wasn't here
ok yeah it's def a curve issue
If I recall correctly it doesn't take a turn, but you do have to have him out.
It should not have a undercurve like this
like this is bf MOREFARM bs lol
I dont think theres a good grind setup in ch1
Hey, looks! It's Sushie!
buying pow blocks would be your quickest way out tbh
yes leave the whole dungeon to beat the dungeon
We will not give you the tools inside your objective you must get them
just got out of work
WORK WAS A FUCK
for those who haven't played bf here: both normal and hard mode dooesn't have a curve issue like this: you just fight naturally and the curves line up
so this is why this shouldn't happen
That was exactly what Color Splash's problem was.
Well the whole point of challenge mods is that the game is challenging even using everything at your disposal, its not supposed to be a quick run
Yea I only played bug fables on hard mode and I never felt like I had to leave to get shit unless I just forgot to grab things
cs tbh I would go over other issues first, but that's another topic
I felt like the game gave me what I needed as I went naturally
even on HARDEST you don't need to grind, you ONLY need to grind in bf in MOREFARM and....okay MAYBE RUIGEE, but I feel this one doesn't feel like a grind at all
I think the worst grind I had was the start of EB, but I felt this one was bearable
That's how good fire emblem hard modes are
you most likely end up grinding in the cave a little
after that, it's fine
FE10 endgame was fucking brutal but I genuinely had the tools to beat it blind the first time I just had to strategize
FE10 gave you a billion dollars at the start of endgame and said "You better fucking gear up"
I think each one had a unique property but you'd have to have higher stats to see them without dying.
Now if they did like 6 or 7 HP, and they're damage input was weaker, that would be a little better.
oh damn I thought you were on rando still
I lied to my trusting viewers
@mx_four We can never trust you again
Thing is, if it was easier than than, you'd be able to cheese any fight with a little item preparation and a couple extra levels. So for it to be a real challenge, it has to assume you're gonna go the long way and it will STILL be hard
you are rewarded of finishing a bad rando seed by.....doing an even worse thing lol
I loved it but its the kind of thing I'd do once a year
I was drained after, took me 50+ hours to get through it all with the extra content
time to learn how to use star power
time to learn how to grind with stars!
Imagine if this were a secret dark star boss fight
I think this tutorial has an interesting reaction if you equip berserker before starting it
the canons is a fast paced rhythm game
master quest is worse on the grinding aspect and unfairness tbh
I believe it, the mq vibes was just cause of the rooftops
dse is easier than mq until ch7 where it catcher up, but then it has extra content that goes beyond crazy
I think I understand now why bf put a freaking timeout on the direction
when I got to that room was the first time I thought about quitting it
so how bf works is if you wait too long, it will snap to left/right so you don't end up with this issue much
what's going on here
Paratroopa's have less HP than regular koopas. WutFace
ok that part I like
gotta go, 'have fun' LUL
so this has spy specs, but useful!
They heal while they're asleep? LUL
this is also bf lol
when was this made?
ok so they could have taken from bf
Is this mod designed to be not fun
25 hp 2 def incoming
this is....very random enemy placements
A Gulpit? This early?
good on him getting his own lucky star
What's the fire flower symbol for?
omg jr learned action commands
Ik I was joking, but this is really I wanna be the star rod
Jr. Troopa had some tools
well they got rid of the op effect so that's good ig
close call is just powerful enough in speedruns to be reasonably used
but not good enough to be a good strategy
did they pulled a bf and has a feature to buy recipes?
the only category it's good in is no pw lmao
Anything with a ' in the description means there's more information in the pause screen's item menu
one day, a mod will remove the stop lag on the spin so you won't need to jump
I believe the double mushroom you can use twice at 5HP each. Saves an item slot I think.
omg what is this?
If I had wings to prevent mario from jumping on me
you bet your tush I'm using them
so one problem with tattles is it's not like bf where everyone can tattle so you deal with shit like this
I keep reading bf as boyfriend
the funny thing is spy specs in bf is useless cause either you can tattle + run OR you are in a boss and in that case it doesn't matter because you still have the tattle on retry
@mx_four I have the opposite issue :(
6 quick damage is all
Whacka got tired of you dealing damage to him all these years.
yeah this mod is...bad
Maybe a sound cue
like you could have warned with a snarky dialogue or something but noooooooooooooo
He's no buzzard though. LUL
kooper operates on 8 axes now?
see bf would have reset the thing because of the switch
seems like its more than 8
bf is 360 degrees so still not as good :(
I am joking, it's better to dpad the beemerang
you WILL encounter this fight
Bruh, the enemy placement.
just gotta walk back to the heart block between every fight (:
Dark Star? More like Crumpled Paper
this is basically pokemon kaizo at this point
I've always heard rough things about this mod
Challenge is fine, provided it's fun and enjoyable. Challenge that's intentionally dickish cuz "you gotta prove ur a real GAMER by playing through all these intentional bullshit design choices"
It's what I wanna be the games does
which is why I made the joke earlier
If you tried reed's hard mode beta for ttyd, that was a solid approach to a "harder" version of the game
ok this feels weird and fly in bf on a stick feels better than this
yeah hero mode, whatever the name forthat same thing is
I bet they nerfed Quake Hammer
I still am impressed someone even TRIES to make ttyd hard and not go insane because it's hard to make it hard with how unbalanced it is
reed had the first... bit more than a chapter done and it was really good
there's not much to nerf lmao
did you save before buzzard?
ok, I accidentally refreshed so I ate 30s of ads
WOW I DID NOT SAW THIS COMING, OH M GEE!
You can't fool this buzzar
I think 35 or 40
And it hits the partner
you kinda gotta pray for that mash move
tbh even HARDEST in bf is not close to the bs in there casue hardest in bf is brutal, yeah, but it's not bs
oh success is just 0 damage? that's nice I guess
Hell, even FE gives you stronger units for harder difficulties
this is just CBT
the most bs hardest got was b33 and even then...moderately and mostly if you have a bad set on mystery
lol an impossible mash, the best kind of mash
SUCH A GREAT MOD
why does wind do an extra damage every time? it said 1 and did 2
you can block the moment you hit the ground
somehow I beat this on 5hp
@audioblood cuz it's HARD
I think it was like 40 tries tho
Well, I guess if you're looking for a challenge, you've come to the right mod.
FOR REAL PAPE GAMERS
we still don't know the hp lol
WHY DOES THAT DIZZY
lmao the sunshine runner killed the thing lfggggggggg I can sleep on time
At least you don't miss your turn like in the original
But you just have a chance to miss
ggez first try, no resources used
but other than that, nothing
I think if you're dizzy you always miss attacks
wait you WANT to explore it?
I would be scared
What's the 6x fire flower
I could be mistaken but my recollection is it's always in this mod.
why does this sound like an orgasm?
It's a mechanical sound :)
the letter see is half an O
Is the oasis a trap?
how does a peach make this sound? you peel it VERY heard?
given this mod, you have 75% to regret it
But how much damage though.
vanilla is the finest of the flavors
oh hey it's one of those sandfalls you see regularly in nature
just use the stairs 4Head
look I do think the bf desert has its naviguation issue but wtf is this?
the desert drains your fp because fuck you, yes that is correct
wait did it really say that
hey I censored it
did you guys know twitch censors your password if you type it in chat?
We made it to the outpost
see I typed mine and you guys only see ****
no, but ik of a phrase to ALWAYS trigger automod
oh hey I gotta try that
dried shroom and hammer an extra 30 coins just because
dried fruit for sale??? why can't that be vanilla :(
do you have automod enabled? I can share if you don't it's stupid
Dried Fruit in shop is pretty pog
ok all you need to do is say "shit fucking" in a sentence in that order
I am not joking
Ive told automod that 'waifu' isn't an offensive term 100 times
well why would you want to go shit fucking? that's a terrible hobby
omg they didn't fake the answers!
lack of game knowledge smh my head
goomba king is a true patriot
no thats what quizmo says
do you want to do all the 64 ones?
I wanna say 7
I can only think of 5
nah definitely more than 5
there's 3 top 4 bottom
there's only one that ever matters
lol my initial reaction was "oh cool, vanilla pulse stone"
oh I forgot about the one in the top left
I'd get a wizard spell
are you beating this tonight? can I stay up until like 6am to suffer with you?
So vanilla Power Bomb
nvm it does beep
and now that you skipped so many encounters, the game will hate you even more!
this whole place is gonna suck
how can that ever be worth it then?
Yeah, Power Bounce is useless
multi hits is something I will need to think very hard when I do a bf balance mod because it has the same issue
lmao the tomb drains even more
get absolutely dunked on
Its 2FP per 3 turns haha
that being said, that way was terrible lol
like bf has this problem where htoss and ttoss badly needs a nerf, but it's hard to make them RIGHT
3/4 power on consecutive bounces and 4cap on bosses would probably be fine if it cost 2-3fp
that being said, 3/4 is so dumb lol
6 for that garbage is so disgusting
yeah that's the issue, don't touch the fp if you nerf the output this much
why does a single player game wheer the balance to that degree only matters for crazy optimized stuff anyways
Ideally you nerf both A LITTLE BIT
Ok so my pokemon X rando didn't *die* but only my starter and like a baby are alive rn so I'm just gonna reset lol
power bounce is deadass not even that busted in vanilla without a lot of synergies
like why did they do this
It's p bad tbh
yeah if you don't go nuts with +atk then what does power bounce even do
like no matter how you slice it, you need a nerf too have scaling
you don't need THIS MUCH though
when are we getting a paper mario online battle system like showdown
Feeling fine would be good for this :)
Poison bats + FP drain
Is it like bf where poison can't be lethal? lol
1v1 me in paper mario
so 2FP every 3 turns isn't even -2 on turn 3, its just a bunch of -1s
cause it can't in bf
If poison couldn't be lethal final bowser would be so acceptable
oh you unequipped it
the funny thing is it was kind of an accident: the problem is if they implemented letahl poison, it would fuck with the battle system
too complicated to explain, it would not handle this change well
for those that were off doing stupid stuff, whats dark star?
*im the one off doing stupid stuff
dark star is suffering
M4 do you wanna be my starter for this next rando nuzlocke
you know I do
I had a mega banette last time
The Koopa Bros were kinda jacked
You'll top it for sure tho
there's also end game content I guess but it takes a grind to get there
who's gonna take the time to rebalance the whole game but leave this damn room alone
Is master quest after this?
The Green Koopa was immune to POW block
The mod says it's as difficult as Master Quest Jr. Actual Master Quest is way worse than this.
bless not vanilla slow go again
tbh this one is fitting lol
that heart block is hella ominous
oh and the heart block recovers star power!
Honestly, why would Dry Bones NOT be in the ruins
expect to take 7 damage
so.. what do you do if you didn't upgrade bombette?
....man this is really let's take bf, but add bs
lmao get absolutely baited
@mx_four on the nose
cause there are so many stuff from bf, but implemented terribly
they were nice in bf though because the first enemies that did it, if you were quick enough, you could avoid it and they prime you for them and it's only on hard, this mod is like "FIRST TIME YOU SEE THIS GUY, FAKE!"
They programmed that in the game just for fun, didn't they?
as ttyd proudly said when selecting hp "pick this if you lack confidence"
The filename for my rando rom will be M4sBigAdventure
Oh, I know what you're talking about
Let's hope they don't die immediately LOL
If M4 dies tho I'm bringing them back as a ghost type every single time I get one
Its like catching a pokemon
Hey so I might not normally mention this but since this mod's surprises seem to be agitating you, you might check the detailed Life Shroom description.
thank god, airlift was so op
Air Lift isn't even that good. LUL
hey do you think they disabled air lift for hallway bowser because if parakarry dropped him out of orbit he'd die and the final fight would be skipped? it'd be so fast. also, would buzzar eat him?
What didn't they nerf
So one Life Shroom at a time
why did this NEEDED a nerf?
That is so indescribably ass lol
well life shrooms were giga powerful, they kinda did need a lil nerf
If 2 trigger do you get 20 hp back?
like I think the person who made this had the wrong assumptions on this game inbalance
Honestly, they needed the nerf. LUL
what do we think, 50 hp? 60?
ch7 scaled ch2 I see
this seems worringly tame
Its 40, you did 10 turn 1
Well, at least we know.
up by -1 actually
Each partner gets a new mechanic when you upgrade them
He still hits himself! PogChamp
why doesn't he open with that
tutankoopa is not very tactically minded
Your max HP goes down to half
I mean desperation attacks are a pretty widespread video game trope =P
you should've checked it's defense
sky dive regaining fp is weird
1 FP for Sky Dive though
yes, I could see it
just hit it once for 10
that was just vanilla
I think it's just alluding to the cutscene post battle
I am curious how much bf elements the guy put in, but didn't double checked WHY they were in
They do want you to tattle but only sometimes are things different.
I see you have smash charge
too bad the chomp has fucking 7 lol
Cheer22 (11x2) for the 2 yr anniversary
In master quest I did smash charge + quake hammer to clear this but the chomp is way too thick
You could take off FP plus since you drain FP so fast anyway
Quake Hammer + Smash Charge?
I'm your mom now @mx_four
can you air lift the chomp?
@Axl_Sensei thanks for the gift sub
Axl with the 5 gifted subs!? PogChamp
killing the chomp does absolutely murk his dpt though
If you haven't already done so, click the pape button! Every prologue reset is greatly appreciated! There are no good rng, so if you want to just cry, there's a need to play Pape
Egg coming in clutch
That defense de-buff really hurts
how many fp is smash charge?
It may be worth it
him casting the spell every turn and permanently knocking partner out is rough
why did they nerf fucking smash charge
Its the same turns and its just less FP
charge charge charge quake
fuck if I know
Smash Charge + Quake Hammer unfortunately might be the play.
I think the charge badges have a strict limit on how much you can charge.
replace refund for danger saver
need to get some sleep, thanks for the stream
It takes 4 turns to kill chomp with smash charge, that's way too slow
Later, Axl. Have a good one
We need one attack item and a couple of FP items.
quake hammer + pow block + fire flower kills chomp
even the stone chomps are immune to fire and ice
oh of course it is
It looks like it teleports, yes
yeah rinse and repeat
If he's really at 11 hp this could be it
The ruins takes so much FP over time
does a pow block knock him off?
I like how he got 3 turns
you have danger thingy
you can charge and quake
and you can refresh
Does Tasty Tonic eliminate the de-buff?
fire flower + sky dive kills?
oh he was 3 lower
nerfed smash charge mvp
Smash Charge + Quake Hammer FTW
They nerfed them and it still worked as planned
ready to gameover in a peach cutscene somehow?
So for Bowser's dialog just replace every instance of 'Star Rod' and add 'and the Dark Star'. That's the only change really.
I wonder what final bowser is gonna be like
he's getting his reps in
Gold Koopatrols be zoomin
Instead of life shroom
Why is that Jammin Jelly a different color?
dont get hit got it
dont forget to check right 1 up 1
buttstomp turns into power bounce and if you don't block you lose all your commands
the spooky new room
splash it on your enemies
Shortcut to Ch. 3?
someone give mario a polearm
shortcut from chapter 3
Did Group Focus get buffed though?
Its probably for when you have to comeback to desert shop to buy items to bribe the boos
It better have deep focus apply to it
good thing this wasn't changed
wouldn't wanna ruin the game
OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
what if its more than 100
It's actually 1,000 and you just gaslight yourself into "was it 100 yet? it must have been?"
It's 20 and then 10? or 10 and then 10
yeah, 0% you use that before final
how much does it sell for>
yes kill whacka imo
It sells for 99 coins.
I thought maybe the bu-bulb would be a fight
you have a golden shroom ?
100% chance he is immune to dizzy shell
kooper supposedly got a passive buff of some kind for upgrading him
Oh status effects are nerfed in this. I think if a status works, it only works like once per battle.
If you could get that block, this fight would be free
-1 defense? kooper poppin off
Kooper has a de-buff? PogChamp
does that -1 stack, or?
WHY THE BOT SAYS SHIT
you have to use kooper first
Buff00n is an idiot
-1 year of his life? or ?
whacka probably has 0 defense
so it isn't doing anything
his bump better be delicious
So if you do it again it gets harder
@RuneRavenFP FUCK OUTTA HERE
your mistake was decreasing his defense by 1 instead of increasing his defense by -1
FUCKIN FORGIVE ME FOR NOT KNOWING
I just looked it up, it lasts one turn
doesnt say its harder to do again
bye golden shroom, see you in like 5 chapters
I wanted to see how much it sold for. LUL
Sorry I meant hitting whacka
anyone else excited for post ch3 jr?
so outta sight is... 10 fp?
I bet The Master is like Super Saiyan 3 at this point.
Maybe even Super Saiyan God Blue
Citra stopped working and idk why
I've clocked back versions too it just won't load my roms anymore
No adventure for m4 linkusCry
my heart is broken and my day is ruined
now that would be an appropriate spot for vanilla power bounce
This mod is so unforgiving.
the boos fight you ??
This game makes you second guess yourself three times.
Strange leaf has extra text I think
Invisible ghost. Go figure
does fright jar work on boos? haha
they have over 6 hp? why?
can you boo the boos
at least their attack animation isn't super long
Death by getting spooked
It's not divided by
yeah so like if you're in peril you'll have 14 hp
If you have 7 hp you'll be at 8
It just means HP and FP respectively
Wait how do you have seeds already
new hp = max hp - current hp
that is pretty strange though to be fair
I was about to be like "lets divide by zero and see what happens!"
@mx_four It is called the strange leaf. LUL
I didn't notice that
We have a chance
Wow I'm amazed it worked on one of them
I mean, thematically it makes sense that boos wouldnt be very susceptible to fight
I bet they're like 30% to dizzy shell
the visible one didn't go invis turn 2
that's good to know
you have to survive the first 4 attacks (:
Power bombs hits half of them anyway. LUL
the 2 boos dying on turn 1 is natural selection at its finest
Admittedly, the jump scare being a fight is cool, but
Dark Star's still dickish
getting a level out of this is nice
just to see how awful he is
jr unlcoks after super boots
did the pushes even work
he looks pretty far right
It seems like they bareeeeely worked if they did
you are hammering way too early
Did they patch it?
yeah you're trying to push before bombette even lands
the frame you can push is when she touches mario's hat
this is definitely faster than the record minigame
you're gonna be proven right when all 9 of them attack you
too busy nerfing smash charge
yeah we all know how that badge was way too strong in vanilla
What's the point of that if they nerfed them anyway
Is that a life shroom cake?
when your fp goes to zero it auto procs?
Shroom Cakes have a very different effect in this game
the "..." is spooky
YOU CAN'T HAVE SHIT IN DARK STAR
that was my nickname in high school
It's literally just worse Repel Gel
that tasty tonic coulda come in handy after all
double dip boo leaf tasty tonic
Nerfed Repel Gel. LUL
If dizzy is 100% chance to miss too, that's quite the item
tbh it might be good on this exact boss
Dizzy isn't 100% miss I don't think. That would just be ridiculous.
and then using another item on your dizzy turn
go fight jr imo
I just wanna see what his stats are like
Next will be omnidirectional Watt.
you have to aim watt at the hidden block
didnt expect that second hit lol
Nice 5 damage though
can't wait until he hits parakarry with that too
at this poitn I think power jump is better
wow actual 0 resources
No trouble at all
oh man what's gonna be mega rush
probably a fight with 4 tubba blubbas
and the reward is a mega rush that only gives you +3
Are they gonna nerf Mega Rush?
mega rush is maybe the best badge in the game, gotta be nerfed
for all the times you've said "man I'm in ch3, but I really wish I could immediately get to ch2"
every fight is 22 enemies
Was that a Red Boo?
the strange leaf is acrually op I think
Late game Strange Leaf sounds OP actually
Guarding the treasure chest.
I mean even now, it can potentially restore ~18 hp and ~15 fp in one turn
watch, it'll game over you
If you had it during tutankoopa it woulda really helped
Is this better than Spook?
spook instantly wins fights
this does nothing unless the enemies are very thicc
@mx_four tell us how you feel about spook
It's not bad but it's not good either.
but def instead of atk
how I feel about spook huh?
I don't think the world is ready yet
Honestly, if you're gonna reduce defense, you might as well buff offense.
Itll be good for the inevitable albino dino fight in chp 7
Please don't be nerfed D-Down
So there's no point.
It's goo dlike 3 times in the entire gmae
p hyped for mega rush
Is the fuzzy supposed to be a bed bug, or something
Dark Star wants you to suffer
watch, Tubba's an actual fight
bro he is FAST
oh shit! ive NEVER seen that
didn't know about this interaction
THIS [EXPLETIVE] CAME INTO THE DOOR
Bristles are here too!?
WHY'S THAT THING HERE
also jumping on spikes did three damage lmao
What is going on? LUL
omni-directional Parakarry would get you killed
Still to this day, tubbas chase theme is a banger.
honestly thought they'd make him chase you faster
they keep story events vanilla, but make everything related to enemies dickish
"farm levels" aka grind
26 sp is a lot
Time to grind, I guess. phanto274Shrug
50 hp, doesn't run at 5, hits through invis
Let's see how bad this fight is
Okay, that's not too bad
6 is a lot of fucking regen what
smack for 5, do 0 damage, nice
time for charge strats
I think he does
you can charge on dizzy turns probably
Yeah I looked into it and you do miss 100% when dizzy
He might regen forever
I low key wanna see how hard it smacks you with the special move
why are all your fp costs +3 or something?
Why are the numbers highlighted?
I thought it said you'd only have higher cost while the debuffs were on
I suspect he does regen forever. You're expected to somehow do more than 6HP of damage each turn.
I take back everything I said
what are super curse and ultra curse?
Smash Charge + Hammer Throw
the triple and some grinding with bombette seems great
stack them? casual 9x damage?
Is it Grind Time?
yeah enemies do 9x damage
90 hp , glhf
wait, did they get auto tattled?
thats the game's solution to grinding
It's Grind Time baby~
you can 1.5x the 2,x and those guys still die to mega bomb
The curses act like peekaboo
mistakes have been made
100% getting one shot
Well, it does triple the damage
does the goomba have 27 hp to start?
Boo Leaf is about to come in clutch right now
would he smack into other enemies if they existed?
Body slam now has a spin smash effect.
see if charge works with boo leaf
Yes. Grind Time baby
Well, at least we know where to go to get more Boo Leaves. Kappa
Around the World Body Slam?
you could even do two of those badges
3 damage off the Spike enemy.
perfect opportunity to use curse, wasted
smash charge hammer throw
You know it's a good thing Tubba doesn't show up if you take too long getting to the heart.
you need to do 7 damage on like 20 consecutive turns
Smash Charge + Hammer Throw + Boo Leaf
10 damage is only 4 damage. for 4 turns worth of effort
Max damage is 10
If only you could put him to sleep. Kappa
Berserker is unpredictable though
take off any badge attacks you dont want berzerker mario to use
Don't need power jump in that case
Oh yeah, and you can't run from fights
oh shit you cant run with berzerker
a long, slow death
At least you saved
and does berzerker fail action commands?
the hammer was doin 4, but jump was only doing 1
The action commands are harder
You have to still time it
I think maybe you can do the action commands yourself.
like the hammer thing didnt show up
Damage Saver might be good.
danger saver cant hurt
well at least he cant one shot you now
I return with salad
this is the play for sure
he only has 30 max, no 40
He starts at 30
wait what? he gets to do both??
Attacks and charged for his next attack. Oof
you can put him below 5 by attacking
wait is tubba gonna be a real fight?
Now for the Tubba Blubba Fight
Probably take off berserker for the goombas
put power jump back on, take berserker off?
Nevermind you got it
why does he have 50 hp
Is this a prank
and he hits for 8 blocked
at least the first fight is free
2 hits, the third kills you
take off berzerker after heart I think
Are Berserker strats gonna work on Tubba Blubba?
Then just smack with Bow
on turn 6 bow won't get a turn
If he does exactly the 3 8-damage attacks you win with 25 hp
but if he tosses you die
One more level up grind.
If he tosses 3x you die but oh well
as we usually say in pape "just need 30 hp and I can beat ch3"
It's up to RNG at that point
no it plays around it twice
It plays around unblockable twice AND missing the block on the smash
Did you get the life shroom
1 damage shy of killing him that turn :(
Last time you didn't have Bow out so you should win faster this time
omg, you're still on this?
I expected a dnf
already beat jr and everything
are you gonna continue this later?
I absolutely wanna see the conclusion of this
just for the horror that is 40 damage, 250 hp final
This was fun. I want to see you keep going.
watching suffering is always fun
No offense to rando, I'd rather this than rando
we did not include hammer math
I think it's interesting to watch, but if you aren't having fun it's probably not worth it. There is a ton of new content in the very late game though.
That's what I was afraid of.
31 done, 19 left
Yes, Mario. Keep jumping.
hes doing less danage than we calculated
so I think were good
even if we kinda forgot hammer was a thing
Berserker is a little RNG based but it's strong.
bow's curse will be helpful!
ruff gonna heal himself like 3 hp per puff
oh no, this could be real cursed
Its gonna be like "anti guy, anti guy, or anti guy"
Meanwhile, Dark Bowser and Dark Mage Kammy are having a fight
they're gonna see right through your lies and give you enemies anyways
We'll see if it's truly vanilla
But was it ACTUALLY vanilla?????
It could say one thing and mean another
We'll find out, NEXT TIME
@ScrambledDragons you know what freud's version of this is?
good stream, happy anneversary!
NEXT TIME ON Paper Mario Z
@AudioBlood No. What is that?
he says one thing and fucks your mother
Iceblue was in my recommended channels
then you said the channel name and itimmediately disappeared
well I need to get food now
Hai hai. : D
Here at the very start. Nice.
clintR -.7 second on chest opening
Still a bunch of Yoshi checks either way.
can we do a cocnut% seed?
Kooper has come from Kansas, clearly.
Whenever you say progressive I think of it in music terms lol. Like this stream, we'll be listening to progressive rock
the life shroom u needed for last seed to make it easier
This man mugged the mansion.
Could have looted the sewer a bit?
Experimental? What's the differance between your usual ones?
Just saw your hot take on twilight princess, I'd have to agree lol. Last good Zelda game clintB
loading zone randomizer when
also what was in the para spot
With my bad luck it would probably be 8 BP for power bounce.
well it should be paired with star randomizer
u will prob get watt soon
Truly a money seed.
I blame joe stockChadBiden
did u do bulb
oh boy what is this
Is this a farm coin seed '_'
send this to rigby
Is this just a bad start or is there something different about this seed
and u needed both
bc train and seed
get bow now and u get to farm coins lol
send this seed to rigby :)
what item was it
rigby will like this seed
u missed item block :(
the bot did warn you
who type through bot
bye cocnut for good rng
did u get the lyrics item
u have 1 tubba key
did you get the mailbag
do u have the item location list
why is parakarry not in logic?
l mean the list of what checks you need to do
Have you been to 5 and 7?
can u give me link to ur tracker? I'll mark down the checks you do
snowmans gift after bomb
Life Shroom can be money if you're desperate
we sell blue berries for 3 AND 2 coins
get slow go its good
It makes you get 999 coins if you get it
bubble berry in chapter 7 shop
leamon in chapter 7 shop
so lemon and bubble berry in chapter 7 shop
dont forget about snowmans gift
oh I missed a cocnut?
You could always restart and do a speedrun insteaaaad prayge
I thought of some good settings :)
though I am broke in points
but this is a speedrun
do more dark stra
I'm ringing the bells at ST James Barrow In Furness Cumbria UK for a wedding on Saturday
buy the cocnut :)
Yo Mama so stupid... ...she was yelling into the mailbox. When I asked her what she was doing she said she was sending a voice-mail.
get 3 cocnut and replace all items in chapter 7 with them
@ilovecats923 thats what she said
get coins from lava spinners
we fight LP on sundays.
why did u not fright jar the 4 of them
train and seed time
dont forget that bubble and lemon are in 7 shop
I think I used the bubble berry on sunday
I opted to not go into the ruins with 1 key. mistake.
how many times has goompa hid the dolly from goombaria
cocnut where star piece is and on sign
run around the red tree
the red vase code?
@Phantom5800 running around red tree tells u to ground pound 3 times in house with spinning roof
u can do antiguy now
lemon in chapter 7 shop and idk where cake mix is but u know it somewhere
cake mix was in boo shop
lemon candy is quicker
yeah Phantom, make love not war
give rigby this seed :)
nah that was star piece #38 instead of star piece #21
Ironic that whacka gave you a hammer
Watt just hanging out in a bush
was it not worth picking up the letter for a check later?
did you add calc to your tracker?
u need dirt, water, star stone, lunar stone, and blue key (or was it red)! OH AND ALSO GOOMBARIO
did u need red or blue key... I always forget
Items needed: dirt, water, lunar stone, and blue key (or was it red)! OH AND ALSO GOOMBARIO
moles have the vanilla item
hello propokH / I'm here for progressive rando
u got happy flower bc the flower is now happy
Items needed: dirt, water, lunar stone, 2 ruins key, and blue key (or was it red)! OH AND ALSO GOOMBARIO
Yo, Phantom. How's the run going?
start of run was great
Items needed: water, lunar stone, 2 ruins key, AND ALSO GOOMBARIO
Level 7 Ch. 6? oof
sup, any impressions so far
@ScrambledDragons its progressive rando
excuse me you forgot somebody back there
I was going to say that at a funnier time but my headphones weren't working
you left petunia there to rot
Items needed: water, lunar stone, 2 ruins key, AND ALSO GOOMBARIO
oh right, the sewers
bonkers place to grind
from context, is this a progressive seed without the exp cap?
m4, we had a discussion about why progressive sucked
oh I completely missed it
and one of the possible solutions was removing the forced xp cap
but I'm sure phantom said whatever I would've
loading zone rando icebound?
the exp cap is the one reason I don't ever do progressive
what about it cats?
what's forced XP cap?
will it be done
I like the removed limit
the limit made it feel grindy to me
luigi likes tubbas bed smell
It's an RPG. I like levelling. Yay numbers propokP
the original thought was finding ways for making the weeklies easier to get into
It hurt me seeing 50% of people DNF in the latest weekly due to difficulty
I said I'd play that seed but haven't yet
rigby needs this seed :)
I mean you get to fight ch7 enemies at some point either way
yeah dnfs due to difficulty hve always been pretty common,
you get more high scaled fights in progressive, but the chance of getting busted by early ch7 difficulty is avoided
I'm not sure how to tackle that other than add more conditionals to shuffled ch difficulty
I really hope the full gear shuffle can amend this a bit
ch4, 5, 6, 7 at high scales if you have to fight them early are nightmares
I did say 4, tho 4 being scaled high is the most problematic imo
just as far as the fight difficulty goes
It also makes it hard to get items from the shy guys if 4 is high
yeah, while ch4 has no mandatory non-boss fights, the item shy guys are a thing
they could in theory completely stop your progression if you had an unfortunate enough seed
r there plans for star spirit randomizer with loading zone rando? bc if u just do loading zone you could just go right to final bowser :) take out of ttyd extream rando
It's possible that starting at lv2 instead of 1 would help w/this
I saw that vod, yeah. I think within logic you were boned
that is so bad
oh true, starting the weeklies above lvl 1 is another idea that could work. maybe a level 3 start with 10/10/6 or the like
I would support lv3 with 10/10/6
I wouldn't play w/it on my own seeds but like
I want progression in strength to still be a meaningful part of the seed
the exp is why I would not support that
I say we start 30/30/30 and only have to get 5 star spirits
bowser needs to be killable
unless we scale ch8 progressively too
wait is that what was on gdq
yes that was a direct reference
that's such a bad representation of how the community plays this lmao
I am the queen of topical humor
so anyway who wants to submit an allsanity race with me to rrlat6
When will these settings be public? :o
obviously I wanna wait like, as late as possible to get the hottest new features at the time, but yea it'd be fun
Who am I sending a lifetime supply of desserts? :)
who was running it?
Items needed: water, lunar stone, 2 ruins key, 1 fortress key, AND ALSO GOOMBARIO
I pretty much live for allsanity maddi so I'd be down
oh ig that makes sense
I'm not saying this is a good reason but he's a fairly big streamer
I was surprised that both pape randos on gdq hotfix were by people had neither seen before nor met on the discord
I was thinking I would do one for rando eventually but right now I'm extremely tied up doing other stuff
I literally don't have time to do randos on the weekdays
"here's my submission video. Clearly people enjoy watching this."
does one have to submit a video? wonder what the other runners actually submitted
ur good on life
cause I think I binge yt videos of pape rando and ive never heard of those guys
for any kind of marathon event, it's the standard
IT WILL BE BAD IF U DONT HAVE COCNUT
I mean that is a video
In the end, any exposition for pape is good I guess
I'd love to cobble something together, or at least some kind of content on this rando since I usually do so well in the races
like I feel like we should have a bowser guide
honestly I should submit rando to more marathons.
I have like 5 different strats I pick between for these dependin gon what I find
soon we're going to have something like ARGDQ
Items needed: water, lunar stone, 2 ruins key, 1 fortress key, AND ALSO GOOMBARIO
Its the bomb that gives love
Its the excited bomb
I think the last like 5 seeds in a row I've had were danger mario being optimal
but there's all cards ending, a lot of diff ways you can build glitchless including one with last stand
charge if you're omega desperate
In regards to full gear shuffle, I'm kind of worried it'll be used in the weeklies
It has such a good chance to never give ultra boots, which hurts for ch8
I mean, you still can :p
and by now we did fix the most stupid bug
1 item required in a ultra boots block?
the green 1 is kooper
Isn't there like only 2 you cannot reach with super boots if you time well
well if 1 key item that you need to beat the game is in a ultra boots block then that will make logic want you to get ultra boots right?
oh, that room, right
you can dark koopa jump for all ultra boots blocks in the sewers besides ch7 bridge
If any key item is in ultra boots block then the logic wants you to get ultra boots... right?
the glitched logic list is stupid
It's almost half the preset file
first pingus are grayscale now ice king
Feeling Fine is unironically similar to the Terry "Are you okay?" meme.
and Mario just breaks out a BUSTAH WOLF
can't say I blame you lol
do some dark star :)
gear shuffle 2, yea
@Phantom5800 turn on spoils log for 2 hours
And the big chests can have a single coin
I THOUGHT IT WAS THE SWAP BOOTS AND HAMMERS NOT EVERYTHING
shops with progressive upgrades just ... break atm, so those are exempt for now
Is that available on the web interface yet or do you have to be all git-hub savvy to get that
almost at 10k points
the web generator will lag behind there a week or three
Hmm, how would progressive in a shop even work, it'd have to change if you left and came back with a new upgrade
turn on coinsanity pls
we have that working benzene. everywhere ... except shops
home from work! how're you today?
Or any overworld spot for that matter
now we can get a coin from boots chest
So hammer and boots can be anywhere? PogChamp
now that you mention it. I havent actually tried coins in big chests ... eh, itll be fine, my asm is immaculate
did you give yourself laki?
can there be hammer and boots traps icebound?
oh, slight fyi, we gitignore yaml files in the root folder if you don't want to wrangle with stashing your edits to the settings
uhhhhh. you know what
you need to add hammers to tracker?
I dont think I set up gear traps
So what are in the big chest?
Question for icebound: let's say you can see super boots on the overworld, and then you hit a block than also has boots. If you collect the boots from the block, will the boots on the overworld change before your eyes or would you have to reload the room.
wear it. you got slow go for a reason
Feeling Fine in the big chest. Let's Go! PogChamp
cookboo check, lemon, not check, cake mix, not check, bow, not check
And same if you collect the overworld one with the one from the block laying on the ground?
so if u get lemon and pan and cake mix u do anti guy
So awesome, kudos to you
I didnt code it, clover did lol, but ty
so if you can buy 3 star pieces for 2 is there a 1 in a million change you can buy 2 coins for 1?
Well, regardless, thank you for all your work on this!!
that man is an asm magician
Doesn't rip cheato also give 3x star pieces as his last thing?
like, the homeward shroom aloine is 350 lines of pure handwritten asm
no way I could do that
I fell asleep early last night, but how was dark star?
360 para and bomb and tutle
Any sense of why shops work differently with respect to progressive stuff?
nothing I could reasonably explain in twitch chat
Have you considered adding yakkey into the pool?
I tried to think of a way also lol
lemon + pan = antiguy
a lot of key items early. that's a good sign.
nah it's a bait
phantom spending an hour to look for miracle water
OH BOY IS THERE A SEED FOR U
oh no I don't like that tone
do u stream later?
today? no. tbh xenoblade 3 made me forget I was a streamer
but gimme a seed and I'll play it on stream Thursday or something
go ahead and ask phantom for seed #69
did you do/watch the weekly?
I tried that and died so gave up
didn't wanna re do an hour worth of work
the 1st seed of the stream was seed #69 and it was good... phantom did not beat it
And then you'd have to use the command line, ewww
making a bps isn't a big deal imo
soooooo you should try the 1st seed phantom did this stream rigby :) it is good
$ ./flips <enter>, then use GUI :p
pls send me link for the seed
flips is a smalltool that does exactly what it has too, very well, and nothing else
so yeah, it doesnt remember folders
phantom was testing stuff right, so there isn't a link
ye what phantom said
I thought of a evil thing for seed
I just have flips in the exact folder I need it in LUL
can I pick some settings lol
give me a sec
cats tries to end Rigby's rando career, stay tuned
I'd like to set up plando some time
Inb4 "one hit KO: true"
What's plando? You get to put the items where you want?
Ooooo that could be soooo evil
sorry for that in advance, rigby
ohko isn't as terrible as it sounds
I'll just get first area lucky day and dodge every attack
If an attack would have done 0 damage, does it still ohko?
cats has been gone a long time monkaS
My controller/emulator setup is too laggy for that
I can't even use power bounce
In ohko you take 99 damage from any blockable attack you don't actually block, regardless of damage that would deal
Is that allowed in races?
But if you block it does normal damage?
you got a jump
Do you have super boots now?
did that come out from that hidden block
From the one by the pink station lever
I'll quickly go check something
Watching/discussing/debugging new features is fun!
this is big shuffle for seed rigby :) no peaking at what settings r
I tried to think about logic and what it would want
Go get another jump!
what is even happening
PLEASE MAKE THAT A WATT SKIN ICEBOUND
I miss when mario had his negative skin
you, hold on, you're using the base patch of 0.13?
brb I need to get food before I starve
that explains the boots
can u add that as a watt skin icebound
I cannot, I am not in charge of skins
turn on traps when u make new seed?
cats, I'll do this on Thursday probably
will u start with 10 cocnuts?
tho clover experimented with random watt sparks number
yo whats up with watt
can I see some clips of it
did u look at settings?
Watt is made of antimatter
Ima go grab food before I starve
mind me linking a picture of it?
Buff00n just sent me "PLEASE don't tell me the bot will say *word I can't say* if I type it"
can u start with 10 cocnuts
do you really want random pitch on? 5 hours of that on stream might be a bit much for people to watch lmao
3 times the charm
start with 10 cocnuts phantom?
seed number 72 is the charm
Oh did he ask you that too LOL
BOOTCOIN is good name
He just asked me the same thing LMFAO
The bot will become the paypal bot
the butts file will work for sure
I mean the bot already horny posted about dancer mercedes so
he's already influenced it
ok ima go get food before I starve
@RuneRavenFP and some single mom from Illinois.
hey now. there's lots of nice single moms in illinois
I mean buff00n is in illinois and a milfhunter so that'd be him
the bot said something about a single mom or something. I can't remember the exact wording.
But I have to open modview
and I dont wanna
It was like a few weekends ago. I can't remember exactly what it said. but u know someone said it's in the discord.
Did the bot swear or something?
We just gotta speak more about flowers and stuff
To teach the bot good manners
It may be futile, but that will not stop me from trying
How often does the bot speak?
bot say something pls
what time is stream on Thursday?
I'm a novice amateur programmer so this will be a fun exercise for me
so is this hammer and boots in the item pool?
3rd time's the charm
I saw a green bombette on jcogs FeelsOkayMan
not like we had a block give literally nothing on jcog's stream or something
We've seen green, red, and yellow Sushie. All we need now is black Sushie.
Have you seen any boots lying around by chance? LUL
gotta bounce, please send any oddities accompanied with spoilerlogs on discord
Even the mansion isn't safe from Tubba
She wasn't lost. She was just waiting for you to find her. LUL
every time I get cozy with maxed out settings there's something new being tested
A refreshing glass of tonic
I cant wait for underwater sushi
Phantom they put out a survey for double down :)
@iAmKrisXx Thanks for the gift sub!
I cant figure out the bot timer, oh well
sounds like a fantastic game
Oh yeah. It's all coming together now.
boom and ham... favorite meal... that I will eat bc I keep forgetting 2
that felt oddly antichimactic
how hard would it be to add the "dun dun dun dun, dun dun dun duuuuuun"
I should add peed 69
chap 7 fo sho
Lv. 7 Ch. 4 Oof
that's what I meant. lol
visited my grandma today and she stole one of my Baja Blasts
@Ohrocks I can't believe she's done this
my gma came to my house while I was at work yesterday and my camera alerted her and she said "this is for you" and flipped off my door camera. lmao
goombario's father is goompapa. His grandfather is goompa. Does that mean his great grandfather is goom? and his great great grandfather is goom(negative pa)?
I watched it happen while I was working. I was like, wtf gma. l0l
that's a copypasta if I've ever seen one
goombario's father is goompapa. His grandfather is goompa. Does that mean his great grandfather is goom? and his great great grandfather is goom(negative pa)?
goombario's father is goompapa. His grandfather is goompa. Does that mean his great grandfather is goom? and his great great grandfather is goom(negative pa)?
did I just write a copypasta??
any long wall of text in a pape stream going to generate a copy paste
ah yes. thr infamous cocnut.
I mean coconuts saved you last sNeed
that's what I mean
what if laki is in ruins!
I like the fanfare better when its a nothing item
could've killed egg with mystery
the best thing of these settings is the possibility of fanfare surrounding goombario
I just found strat-videos in the rando disc see you in a week
what time is stream on thursday rigby and phantom?
for me it's normally 8 pm
you need to update your follower goal lol, its been over 400 for a while now
change it to 500
do the partners change when you upgrade them??
bring back green bombette
make the 500 follower goal dark star rando
500 goal for cocnut% and goal is to get cocnut on race settings asap
In the context of the desert, orange bombette just looks dusty
I'd just make it 1000 and give yourself some time to think about what you want to do.
bomb was just in the toybox for who knows how long]
phatombot making the next seed
bot says you have to do a hammerless goombario start seed for 500 followers
and the goal is to get a cocnut
allsanity, hammerless, starting with goombario. There you go
the quote is in gNenral
@Benzene31415 LOL almost gave that seed to rigby
They have randomized boots and hammer but no alt color for Bowser still?
also I just realized that there's only 2 partners in the game that can initiate first strikes being Kooper and Bombette
I like this bombette
and bombette's gives you bomb for 0fp
he's normal just pale
but para is always yellow
hes been at the tasty tonics too much
what Baja Blast does to a mf'r
annnnd mega bomb is?
power and mega are both 8 fp
trade bombette for goombario
@Phantom5800 RESET THE GAME
all the seed resetting needs to be in vod
thats actually how it should be in vanilla
that would make a lot of sense
I like that a lot
@Benzene31415 panels not rando
I always have I spy on anyways in randos
that 1 coin will make a diff
having panels be slightly different texture would make me 10x more likely to use that setting
what is this path... we never saw this before
yeah streamer I wanna ride the whale again
when watt so we can ride the tuna44
The one time I randomized them, I used the tracker to help me find them, and still ended up spending like 5 min searching for each panel if I didnt know where it was. The stone cactus was really annoying
but the shell is not blue... its... red?
Is icebound still here? is the panel thing on purpose?
cake for the lad
the seed not trap
you forgot the ultra stone streamer
I really haven't used (REAL) or (fake) in a really long time
mark cake on tracker
no gourmet guy left unfed
does a certain person get a certain cooking tool
for just 10 cents a day, you can provide this poor gourmet guy with all the cake he needs
wait we skipped goombario?
When is 100% randomizer?
the 100% rando comes when phantom cant find anything
why are you telling lies on the internet, you've obviously seen him
you can't gaslight me
you can get dizzy stomp check tho
There's a reason I haven't made the changes for Big Chest Shuffle yet
Setting-dependent logic is a pain
Logic always leads to you needing Goombario every run
just looked it up, dizzy stomp is before the lava river
okay so White Magikoopas have 11 HP
The builds for WWR that had glitched logic had an entirely different tracker
just gonna say ty in advance for your 100% tracker this is perfect
If u get a lemon antiguy may be needed
you cant do flarakarry or *spike skip*
how do you softlock on lp skip?
I always wonder... HOW DO GLITCH HUNTERS THINK OF DOING THIS RANDOM THING
LIKE THE CRC IN ODYESSY
tell them "make your own damn tracker"
lemon can be gotton
u need to check antiguy
see u next stream
Don't be mean to Bombette like that. She's just going through a phase.
A GRATE PARTING GIFT
I cant unsee her being dusty
goodbye future cocnut% wr holder
with hammer and boot upgrades not forced behind certain partners, theres less pressure on the logic to give you partners early
back bc I saw cocnut in bed
going to slep now so I dont wake up at 3 pm
gamble then I go back to slep
I go now with no gamble
That green fire is pretty pog
Dare I say it's pretty "fire"? LUL
the model looks pretty hot
I forgot to mute tab
you can open volcano chest now
why would sacrifice your 69 Star Points
didn't you just have 5 base HP?
goombario's father is goompapa. His grandfather is goompa. Does that mean his great grandfather is goom? and his great great grandfather is goom(negative pa)?
Ok gotta ask, is this a new update and if so does full boots/hammer shuffle mean bootless + hammerless start?
What a useless item in such an easy to get to spot lol
So then does full boots/hammer shuffle mean they can be anywhere?
Turning on notifs for the YT channel that just posts maplestory music that comes out was a good decision
Oh boy! The next update is gonna be fun!
Gerbert learns to be corrupt
Gerbert learns murder is ok sometimes
bot made a semi coherent sentence
we can practice to be corrupt
bot is becoming self aware
M4 just pb'd by a single second
wait I have an idea
I didnt know it was a command
I was going to make the bot learn to ban people
It only learns from long sentences
Is that long enough
always sanitize your inputs
are you using refund
OH! Bombette has a color now!
yes, it is dusty bombette
She looks cute as a cherry bomb
I want cyan bombette
I want black bombette
I want to play Spelunky 2 right now but I'm tired and I might pass out.
after a good sleep
spelunky hates everyone but it hates quitters also
please get it so we get super soda fanfare
what does that look like if your inventory is full?
they should make a setting where it has upgrade fanfare for everything you pick up
that would be so slowwww
You have all the partners you need
yeah it was go mode for a while
ever since he picked up goombario
the only one you need is Goombario
Practically go home mode.
Also every time I do that emote
I search it with :friend
So in my mind that emote is just friend
You could've helped him
when are they going to skip the gulch cutscene I cant stand watching stanley die every run
simply learn stanley save
Big D just said he DM'd smashcon about not being able to go and they responded but they aren't removing him from bracket lol
"Hey lemme help you do seeding by saying I can't make it"
"No we want to fuck it up"
put that one away
someone gets a bye
how hard would it be to do a setting where chests had a guaranteed progression item
hes doing the unthinkable
jumping on that cleft earlier...
I can do this :)
you have power quake and a pow block
youll have to knock 'em over the ol' fashioned way
does quake knock them over?
why cant you beat 2?
ultra boots in peach's acstle
youve certainly got lots to check in 6
real speedy spin BatChest
can you give the wrong berry accidnetally?
added that parakarry to my brain
slow go is boots and big chest is slow go
WE DID IT LADS
well, you got your thumbnail
I got a 4 minute PBN tonight
Its the 2nd run so PBs are gonna be common LUL
Isnt volcano vase near general guy?
but you didnt have kooper?
Is this the same build jcog used?
naw you got this
what pallets are your other partners?
bombette fell asleep in a tanning bed OMEGALUL
my prediction: vanilla bean, palace key on cloudy climb
my rando last night master had 2 necessary checks he's definitely holding out on you
did you finish dark star Kappa
jcog said thank you for playing it so he doesnt have to
kolorado reached in his pocket, "uhhh... here, have this"
I'm telling you, vanilla bean
arent there some sewer checks
why is the bot actually smart now
If only we had lemon candy
well as smart as a bot can be
bot is becoming sentient
New color on Watt? PogChamp
like janet from the good place
I'm going to teach it the right things
yeah but thats a lame move man come on
was good, watched back an old run of mine
when I was grinding in may lol
Meet PhantomGamesBot, it produces enough quotes to entertain chat... or mint one agumon NFT. So let's get in there and smash the block chain. But what'll happen to Phantom's agumon NTF? Yes, he bought an NFT of Agumon to prove he owns it. But that NFT isn't agumon! Its just a hyperlink to an emote of agumon. Cheer100 Cheer100
gonna get something to eat and lurk, glhf man
pink watt is extremely based
Or the Ultra Boots
I never realized how much I needed pink watt
a rare collectable from the mushroom kingdom
phantom is a hater
Idk if that's better or worse than puke green bombette
Honestly, orange bombette is pretty pog.
bombette isnt orange, shes dusty
I guess I dont hate it but it feels... off
why dont we have cyan bombette
Cyan Bombette would be cool
see all these WANNABE moles predictors always get it wrong
Laki had your boots all along
they have nothing on me
laki can fly, why does he need boots
to push the gas peda
ahhh yes, yellow yoshi
Yellow Yoshi has the item we're looking for. PogChamp
I've been wrong before
we need a designated yellow yoshi medium
wait you can go backwards
I expected you to break the block in front of the chest lol
what was the point in getting the key KEKW
If theyre in peach's castle I'll allow it
untra boots deep in the palace, then the bean is in the sewer, then the palace key is on cloudy climb
I'd try it tbh
sounds like a lovely friday night
I hate the music that plays right after you beat monstar its really creepy
And there it is
The prophecy has been fulfilled
how do you like these settings?
It might be there
should I be looking at vetting this instead?
I thought merlee was the one behind dry dry outpost?
I've gone through a few seeds but I haven't found anything funny enough yet
yeah that's fair lmao
I'll keep rollin in the meantime
I'mtrying to find something with high comedic value that also isn't too obnoxious
oh ik but like
one of the criteria is goombario start
I'm excited for the inevitable goombario big chest
the last seed I rolled for me?
I didn't stream it lmao
played up until this happened:
record was where sushie is
er, where the sushie check is in toad town
went to ch3 last
sushie was in the first boo minigame
went back, got record
called bombette being last location in the record chest
and finally I could shake trees
and I just turned it off
It didn't even take that long to get there bc of hammerless start but I was just done lmao
that's enough rng for me today
tbh equipment shuffle resulting in some super boots seeds probably makes bowser strats more interesting
I'm kinda down with that
yes bot, I have seen it
thank god premiere is done exporting a video that works 24 hours later ffs
palace key on cloudy climb
GPU encode wasn't exportingthe full video, would stop at random places. Last ditch effort was a 4 hour software encode.
3 hour world record. 24 hours worth of rendering attempts.
That sounds like bias to me.
why did you hit the switch?
It's a shiny switch. Why wouldn't you hit it
got uh, some weird cosplay going on this seed
I mean you stole his clothes. What else was he supposed to wear?
calc to dictionary to dolly to key?
Inb4 Calc has the palace key
wait so panels are more obvious now?
I might run panels then
Rowf has Palace Key
well.. kinda calc to dictionary.
It's gotta be up there.
your nausea is audible
That's the nastiest looking Huff N Puff
can she spook em away
POW Block for the win
dictionary to dolly to key pls
you have the palace key my guy
You had it the whole time!?
spectrum decided to buffer at the perfect time
I never noticed lol
Its your job to remember not ours
I wasn't here. I would've said something. I promise. LUL
I saw it but I didnt want to backseat
I usually can't even remember the last sentence I said
I just use the in game tracker
but I'm not a speedrunner
I checked the vod. you got the palace key in the ruins where the artifact is
ohhhhh I remember that now
1:15 into the run
same happened to jokehow last week he forgot to check off palace key on the tracker
We are in go mode!
we've all been there
You need to add "double check the tracker" to you list of annoyingly long checks
I havent forgotten to mark anything yet but I have seen the last magical seed I needed, marked it, and then just didnt collect it
If youre considering goomba king or lantern ghost or moles, double check the tracker
love it when a plan comes together
sounds more like p up bp down
I like when power bounce is very late in the run because it makes earlygame a lot more fun and strategic
my emulator/controller setup is too laggy to even consider power bounce
I cant mash on controller so my alternative is to setup an alternate bind for a as my leftclick because I can click fast on mouse
so I use that for power shock
my mouse is fine
you gon get carpel tunnel
I think I got close a few times but if it starts hurting I stop and rest
I dont think its something you get acutely, its over a long time
love it when a plan comes together
@Benzene31415 oh well I might be screwed then xd
I like to think I keep a good form on my wrists
twitch needs to hire an occupational therapist
this boss rush ending is just, *chefs kiss*
hiii so question real quick, do you plan on actually continuing dark star for the suffering experience?
I played through vanilla paper mario a second time as danger mario and I barely missed leveling up so much that I would have to upgrade hp
I had like 2 star points away from having to level hp
why does mario trip when he enters battle sometimes? do we know??
If you mean why, cause it's funi
variety is the spice of life
whenever this drops I'm just gonna learn everything 5Head
5/7 unlocked already. Prologue/2. Gl routing this mess
hol up what isn't in the yaml?
should @ pronyo about that later lol
full sewers clear after ch1 shop ah yes of course
Ima take like a 30 minute nap. Be back for WR rando finish
with panels subtly visible partners no longer block panels
the quality of life changes Kreygasm
Half of the chapters are sphere 0
I think one of these jcog did the last required item was sphere 5 or something wild
could technically still be something PauseFish
you could always go to merlee in dry dry outpost and get the best charm for extra exp
But do you need a key before doing so?
Power Plus 0.69s thoughts: Oh nice, a power plus 0.31s later, baited
You can't get it yet? must be real then, real shit is hard to get
I can believe that statement. Baja Blast is hard to get, but it's real!
Are you sure you can't go 6?
Idk what a taco bell is
Taco Bell isn't real, it never was. stickshamGaslight
I think there's this guyy there?
they're just an ice cream flavor
I just see an electrified booger, so
'You'll be shocked when you see this color come out'
store some items before your inventory clogs
uhhh, that's new. I would like that log
I think it was a pow?
well, that is an entirely new bug. must've been in the game for quite a while
But was it something that would've been nice to have?
Ope alarm from the nap went off
I'm a believer that YoshI's didn't need to be saved
I tried to 100% this game before going to Bowser but failed. That was a long time ago
"I'll probably get laki early" -phantom 40 min ago
Coconut and Jelly, how would that taste?
Lakilester is going to be lurking in the Ultra Hammer chest
he's lurking in a Super Chest
@Phantom5800 You can skip the fight if you give Anti-Guy the Lemon Candy
It's cool for a casual who isn't used to speedrunning and such
Dangerous battle if you ask me
How does a ghost even taste?
O ive been subbed longer then u
my sub got phantom access to playroom. can't put a price on that
What? You left him at the 2nd floor?
I need a reason to play
Save Whacka'a Bump until needed like Bowser fight
btw cats, I'll be doing that seed in a couple hours. it'll be painful
starting location will be good :)
My shock is how he got to the Mansion Boos
that's nothing, vanilla bowser castle apparently lmao
a person needs to do vanilla bowser every so often :)
last time I collected bowser castle keys, there was snow outside
can u send me the strand with ur changes
I'll just approach the seed from a completion point a view rather than speed, like I normally do
I didn't change anything except taking off pitches
I'll give it a begrudging like
when will trading event items needed will be random lol
U DID NOT KNOW TRADING EVENT WAS A THING
Shy Guys scream like little girls!
general guy supplies the world of pm with the bomb traos
the condom adding girth to the tip of the wii remote is a lot more comfortable than holding it raw
the condom adding girth to the tip of the wii remote is a lot more comfortable than holding it raw
no cap tho the wii condom is goated
should get one for my wii remote for my wii u tbh
so I was talking in Ouro's discord about BN2 hard mode and KirbyMastah said, Manipulation is a non legit way to speedrun hard mode That's not legit You need to speedrun hard mode LEGIT for it to be actually proper fifiDerp
bruh, I will manip 5 dash* EVERY FUCKING TIME
even with 5 dash* I still spent 2 hours on B license my first time
also by casual logic in battle network you cant fire your buster because each shot advances your rng by 1 Kappa
being able to walk to Wendy's is broken
tfw no gifs on pma for slow go early :(
I went alone cause Brett is cringe and my roommates passed out
fuck it I'll make a quick video on it
"I wonder where ultra hammer is" -phantom hour and a half ago after finding the other upgrades
wait shit I can't type the emote on mobile
oh I did Jr skip on joycons on my flight
I had my own music so it was less purgatorial
delete it off your switch, you lost your privileges
I can lzs on joycons and I'm proud
I'm surprised joycons lived through that tbh
honestly the worst part was the jumps
joycons hurt my hands with the buttons
Blake had a pair of those on the flight
how do you like glitched logic so far
If there's stuff missing that should be there, make sure to bring it up
Is going staight to red station with laki via the shortcut on there
that should probably be added than
lets you get past green station hammerless
bow and laki and train without any hammer would be very rare though
well it might as well be on there
I want to see a STS seed
and that's when I walk in to enable them Kappa
If jp glitches were allowed than it would let you beet the full seed hammerless
just for that I'll learn it
It's time for me to play rando again
only time you need hammer now is for kooper puzzle
do u know that toad likes to take off coat?
That would be really sick, wouldn't be able to play until Saturday I think tho
What glitches do you enabled for checks?
wdym chapter 1... thats chapter 7 -_-
I'm definitely interested, this list is extensive af
what speedruns r the short 1?
I'll take a look at it when I can, that would be super appreciated
open big chest for cocnut ?
what even happens if u hit the real kooper?
u can get bow though... unless it has to do with chapter 6
I wish Watt was guaranteed to be found even with glitches
prob wants a 1 min time out
that's actually an interesting idea though
like what if general guy could be in lantern ghost's spot
I thought there was only a magickooper for a sec
chapter 5 and go back to checks after u can get the needed items for chapter "1"
the real kooper is the green 1
yeah potentially having to dip back in here is just too annoying, best to check everything now and come back later with palace key if that's what it comes down to
and when you come back you can just beeline to ck
the real kooper is the one that sucks ass
the real kooper is the one that sucks ass
one of my friends is a proud koopa enjoyer how do I tell him he's not my friend anymore
you've seen more fake blue keys
send him a video of kooper skip
you should just drop it on em raw maddi
raw like a wii remote without a condom?
@Maddi_SR translate "im not your friend anymore because you are a kooper enjoyer" like 100 times with google translate
all good suggestions thank you maddis7Noted
you could also pay to have them assassinated
that way you could avoid the conversation
I bet the hitman will take 50% off since they'd be removing a kooper fan from the world
I want to find a wild lp
just make that 1 line of text Japanese
dang I was gonna guess it was the other seed
the seed is in chapter 1... I looked it up
"Kumba King is beer one" - closed captions
He gave you Last Stand for only 10 coins though
"a bluebird tried to scam me so hard" "who did the show fails in a power stock tank." - closed captions
"break the bonds of the same time"
"sunrise me"... HOW DO I SUNRISE U PHANTOM
"so I should have power shotgun book gang. Sprint is your mash"
jump on his head 17 times
"why. why what did I ever do to you and that guy"
"other than what I just did to you what have I ever done to you"
That exact thing. On multiple occasions.
Did you do all the Boo's Mansion checks?
"like he has to be somewhere"
"did yes I did. I went upstairs did booze portrie something something something cuz i. I just realized theres one check I havrenet done, I can think of. cuz I never went into this room. the badge anyway. I did the forest
I didnt have a carry the first time on mountrugged something
gimme a few min to eat my ice cream
oh no! I'm late. just got home from work. what'd I miss?!
I see no bow yet. yikes.
phantom, we can use custom tags on twitch now
I dont get a shit about the discord
tonight I'm just practicing the main comps... no pun intended Kappa
Well, you're about to meet him for the very first time YEP
go mode laki in glitched logic? lmao
just waiting for stream to start for u rigby :)
You're coming up on 300hrs total play time.
randos are pretty fun though. so there's that. (: at least fun to watch. xD!!
do chapter "1" so u wont regret it later
somehow every glitched seed I've seen so far has been without laki
lol. @ilovecats923 you say it everytime he passes those slots. I've only seen him hit the slots once. l0l
It was 2 shy guys and 1 coin
And hope this isn't Ultra Hammer
Did you do Ultra Hammer check when you were in volcano?
Is it possible you turned on the setting and didn't realize?
There's also always the chance the key is in the palace
They say lightning doesn't strike twice monkaS
Oh, tracker thing regarding glitched logic: I plan to add a toggle to turn off map logic in general but for glitched logic I think it should at least display chapter completion requirements correctly
I mean, I would hope not more work than adding logic for every check in the game
True but a lot of them only affect a few checks and not chapter completions
I would rather just turn on Toybox Open
just came in, blue house skip is in logic too?
so when's the all options + glitch logic?
I guess Laki is cool too
oh it's neat that you can set per glitch
Just to let you know I am saving up points to make you play a certain game
No like Super Lucky's Tale Discord wouldn't be there because of me
I'm not LUL but other people are, I started it from 1 person (me) and now at 100+ followers
Hi there! so I haven't played PM rando in awhile. what is glitch logic? the game allowing glitches?
SOOO I hope I host for you reeeeally
I'm going to stick around and watch this ^_^ Very curious
but Glitchless Paper Mario would work
Being my favorite game and all, I hope I can talk about it to you
Are you playing for GDQ or something?
I've never heard of that marathon
I am very excited to watch the whole of the this mystery? I have no idea who killed who
So do you play a lot of PM rando on your channel
how the speedrun going? I found youre channel on youtube and have been binging hardddd. keep up the good work!
so does that mean harder glitches = important key items?
Dude just threw a bomb in your face animej1Char
That's a welcome change! I haven't done one of these seeds in forever. Might be time to do another
It's always fun to watch glitches because I have no clue how to do any of them
I love the fake item setting
Just get golden oink logic and I will be happy
So are you enjoying glitch logic?
Have you considered no logic one day? Kappa
and it was before while typing on Xbox
What do you estimate are the odds of a given no logic seed being beatable?
So what you're saying is that the game is broken enough yet?
Is chapter 2 ch 1 difficulty?
they gonna grab grub since they had forgor.
The Koopa Bros were trying to get to Flower Fields. Kappa
Have the mods considered Randomized enemies?
also omg you litterally have kooper be regular koopa
Interesting, bug fables works much more simply: an encounter is just an entity line which I already have an editor to edit manually
they are map based, but sit separately
So changing the enemies changes the map?
yeah same with bf, but because of the entity system, it's p flexible
nah I meant gulchy gulch was my favorite
shiver mountain I'll upset people, but I think it's OKAY at best
also this palette looks....too good to have been random lol
like you can't tell me it randomly set the palete to ttyd grubba
ok I thought they were random
So many good OSTs in Paper Mario. Gusty Gulch, General Guy, Lavalava Island, Tutankoopa, Lava Piranha, The Master fights, and Final Bowser..
final bowser used to be my favorite, but I realised it grew stale to me
sad sun is however VERY up there
It will beep in our hearts :)
I just now remembered how much wiiu vc lags in that room when the bridge breaks
at least it didn't had the stupid lag on pause wii vc had
Oh god when was the last time you gave her the berry?
Now this is a big booger.
thats good, I'm alright someone broke in not too long ago
I got em st the least
Ah, Lanturn guy. Just some random dude afraid of the light.
Paper Mario's 3 wisemen: anti-guy, gourmet-guy, lantern-guy.
I'll take the herb, but I don't want to know where it came from
I'm 200 points away from 30k
You did free someone after braking lantern guy
I am nothing if not entertaining
Well now you really cleared out all of the guys
Really fucked up that fantastic 4.
Is bombette cosplaying as a Christmas tree?
He just had a pretty good time
I caught him just past the 3 hour mark on final Jr
Oh for sure. I'm learning clippy just for rando in places where it's useful
just reviewed the vod. No. Twink didn't appear.
We don't know if we got blue twink until the end now? Sad
How precise is the oob movement for the sushie glitch?
Wait does twitch censor t w I n k?
Guess I'll add that to my list
Cuz I just see ***** in a few recent messages
That might be a you setting?
It's a bit quicker? Showcases cool stuff.
Sub 3 if you turned in melody before checking stuff in 6 and 4?
I showed back up when you turned in the berry so idk how long you were just doing checks.
Love it when a plan comes together
gotta love it when you raid right as the target is raiding
Did you get ultra boots 5 minutes in again?
Wait, you never found the ultra hammer?
Not casually in a bush in koopa village
Would you rather: close call or feeling fine?
'Scuffed final let's goo' I'm so sorry
Good guy phantom, unlocks door and doesn't steal
OH BOI, MORE GLITCHY RANDO RANDY sNeeds!!!!!
also back home from work with some grub
I just saw some of the vid of your random sounds playthrough and oh my god ow my ears
now you're making me hungry, I'm gonna have some leftover indian food
my wife's birthday is today and this morning she wanted to do Grillbird (delicious teriyaki) but texted me awhile ago that she'd rather do it a different day. My face: SirSad
Taco be gaming at smashy con
oooo, so rude to give you food blueballs
meh, it's ok. Yesterday a neighbor gave her 3 massive doughnuts from a local shop as a gift. Today she texted me a picture of a whole box of these things from a different friend she met today
we have a lot of giant doughnuts now, I am not sad.
I want a giant bagel, extra cheems
gourmet guy will give you the best partner in the game
I've seen it in black pit
snowman doll is the best partner wdym?
do you know ch 4 scaling?
can't wait for the all normal sNeed except for 2 checks being different
you should find a different donation center, bot.
bot doesn't like the person who got his plasma
I just noticed Blue Mario. PogChamp
heartgold complete in box and white with manual
HG came with all the inserts too
HG was 50 bucks and white was 15
before bu ying I didnt think about all the attacks being in japanese OMEGALUL
"its pokemon, this will be EZ"
yo got a quick glitch question
for quake hammer w/ laki, what do I do after clipping in
ok next question, why am I getting oob and softlocking lol
so I'll be fine in the rando then
It has the S A U C E
I didn't know you could do that
Oh yeah today Splash told me Bibarel is a platypus
has this person ever seen a beaver?
In his words he has chronic stupidity and it cant be cured
Whats the scaling for world 1?
I forgot that you have captions lol
It's not doing a very good job right now
I mean, I'll take free STT
But stone caps are col lookin
this orange bombette has me feelin some kind of way
go mode laki again lets goooo
greetings from the land of the virus
Didn't you just see a different Dizzy Stomp too?
I probably wont finish but I'm curious
If its super cursed I might do two days and actually finish who knows
ah yes the "best" one :tf:
I don't actually know anything about not glitchless sorry
you really dont like that jump huh
If you find 2 good melons then you won't need a partner if you know what I'm sayin
I have bomb pushed early whale.
I cant wait to do a all glitches including npc pushing
It took like 15 minutes to set up but my bomb pushes were suboptimal
It's like relaxingly therapeutic to me??
stressful in a run but fun otherwise
It's like playing diablo 3, my brain is not on, I am simply pushing this npc until it is against a seam
doing bomb push early laki in any% feels so wrong
He gets you into Tubba's Castle YEP
toad lure > whatever the fuck this is
think ive done parakarry method once, long time ago tho so I forget how
fighting the urge to order take-out cuz I'm getting ramen with friends tomorrow
GO BACK AND SAVE THAT YOSHI RIGHT NOW
all of these appropriate inappropriate gasms.
also, in mario party superstars, yoshi shakes his booty at the start of every turn
wish they had done that with wario too
oh hey now we can do several things NiceSoftlock
Balanced. As all things should be.
You were just too far back
the bot is trying really hard to be coherent
If only it said "Prologue" instead of "Chapter 2"
I was wondering why you did a full charge. That answers that.
click the partner, show the little blue circle symbol. click again, put a second blue symbol
why are lyrics and melody at the end of the tracker rather than with the other hand-in-ables
are you gonna switch it to be based off of the boots and hammer upgrade as the user manually clicks them?
I might do that logic at some point if you don't get to it
Like chapter 5 normally requires: Jade Raven and sushi plus either (watt) or (odd key and bombette) or (super boots). But with shuffled big chests wouldn't you just also add ultra hammer?
twice? ew. I've got a hell of a time doing it once
Hey you can beat 1 now YEP
I see it was a loosely forced goombario seed
I clipped the "loosely forced" moment
Oh! Seeing you stomp those boards reminded me: Yesterday I stomped the board in crystal palace and it broke but it didnt break my momentum and I went straight down to the spring at ground pound speed
I think that's just intended behavior?
I thought it normally kinda stops you and then you fall at normal speed? I guess not
Do you? I think you have the other one
Plus being in the right kind of block gives it credibility
LOL, whole room chasing you sans the one snoozing
especially considering the game wants you to be using bow every other turn to block the big attack
dont remind me of the shrink stomp blooper pepeW
I wanna see what it looks like when you hit stomp the board there
I wonder if its faster to hit the middle and zoom down if you do need to go down there
Did they remove the small rocks from the gulpit's arsenal??
I had to look it up to make sure I wasn't going insane. They normally have a few small rocks and a few big rocks in the background that they can lick up
There are five Gulpits' Rocks that always appear in any battles with Gulpits'three large ones and two small ones'and the amount of damage the player takes depends on the size of the rock spat out at them. The above text is from the Super Mario Wiki and is available under a Creative Commons license. Attribution must be provided through a list of authors or a link back to the original article.
How bombette is able to kiss mario
she jump up and go mwah
Wait how do bob-ombs even talk
unless... those black circles are actually her mouths
Yo grey kooper is kinda sick
The above text is from the Super Mario Wiki and is available under a Creative Commons license. Attribution must be provided through a list of authors or a link back to the original article.
did you turn in volcano vase? its not ticked off on the tracker
prefacing all my work emails with this
just compost the stinky herb into fertile soil
just smoke the stinky herb and forget you're randomizing
I can't use all or nothing, I get too nervous and psych myself out
I mean, P = NP with good RNG
Prayge ultra boots in hidden block before peach's castle
man just d-down jumped on a poison pokey which is spiked ontop with no def LuL
always blame the inputs, trash game controller smh
whats the new controller looking like
do you even need L trigger for paper mario?
Ive tried playing on hori but oem z spin feels too nice for me
I think I just cant get used to z being on a shoulder
I still cant believe nintendo made both the gamecube controller and the joy cons
who tf needs soup in a desert
I know that I didn't. But I did mention that the Switch joy-con were teeny tiny
mmm yes consistent movement is a good thing interesting
what sort of software do you write? games?
gl with the rest of the run, gotta bounce
as a modern controller I kinda like the xbones
Its hard to mash on x box controller
My most hated part of the 360 controller was that BLOODY D-PAD
power shock is a scam. bless the backup dizzy dia
We need to use more punctuation in our messages, I suppose
ah, saw the key wanted to make sure there wasnt a dope thing in there again
ah yes, the 2nd "-guy" fight of ch4
Phantom5800 might hate saving Yoshis more than he hates Goombario
did you double check the tracker?
whaaa? whats wrong with healthy juice =(
no problem! just finished the main story of mario rabbids, now onto dk dlc
the music is all DKC and DK64, so am happy
I love that he got to return to his old work. Not everyone gets to in situations like that
I mean to be fair, saving Baby Mario was a pain and five halves for Yoshi
Mario sometimes just SACRIFICES the poor guy, just for a little extra jump height
mario should have to carry the yoshis on his back and listen to them cry whenever he gets hit
Mario is not a good person
whupped Jr's ass in front of Kent Koopa
I have a little pad for that
I did a hammerless seed and had to come back for whacka
and I woulda forgotten if I didnt write it down
It had laki for me today
wait, why didnt I have to go back for whacka?
just knocked over a can of pop
WHILE THE DOOR WATCHES HIS ASS-WHOOPIN'
could the ultra boots be in a block you need ultra boots to get?
they weren't in the Star Shop, right?
drew09452, cheers for the sub, mate
First it was no hammer, now it's no boots. LUL
You could do a quick seed, have you tried doing seeds with fewer than 7 star spirits required?
I'm drinking rum + cherry vanilla coke
he's doing another seed, stick around!
oh I work those 3 days too
paycheck comes the friday of the trip tho
sleepaway soccer camp for 5 days -> camp work for 3 days before MWSF
they pay me the good coin
A rare collectable from the mushroom kingdom
how'd they stuff ALL OF THAT into a gif
Its 150 at normal shops and 200 at boos mansion
Lol on the same chart its showing me that mistakes sell for 20 coins at the shop in bowser's castle
ESPECIALLY if they're proceeded by Watt(s)
Is this like above average luck for early game
holy shit are you still on this seed?
1FP Shock? Ya love to see it
you know for a fact I'm making you get goombario at MWSF btw
this is just how its gonna go
Isnt someone vetting a seed for you?
nothing says randomizer quite like fixed luck
They can make sure goombario will be there
oh yeah I saw mitchflowerpower yesterday PridePog
his live run of smb3 was hype
a live show grandpoobear was doing
It had like linkus, cjya, xwater
last one you didnt have a card like 90 min in this looks a bit more open
surely it will be a baby seed
cookbook! watch out for that antiguy!
that run the other day with 6 minute ultra boots was sick
did you get a legendary goombario already
I sent this to TacoGuyy lol
ch5 is so fun because you play so little of it
Chapter 5 is good cuz you can skip Chapter 5
So you full cleared except for dizzy stomp
chapter 5 is good because of Thicc Yosh realbl6Yoshi
In 3 hours after youve checked everything else you're gonna come back to the volcano and find the pyramid stone in the dizzy stomp chest
so I did the seed you made me
all I have to say is what the fuck did I ever do to you
goombario start and go mode laki
bucket was in pit and laki as snowman gift
though I did get to do raph skip and stuff, so the glitches part were fun
super hammer was in volcano and jade raven in sewers
I watch a lot of your seeds lmao
I tabbed out. What'd you get?
Get it trending on Twitter. LUL
just realized the BN collection doesn't have Network Transmission
People care about the WanderSwan EXE game?
I legit don't know much about it besides that it exists
I think you and I have very different definitions of "fried"
I really like fan smack also
I think my favorite moment in every rando is the koopa bros color reveal
Donatello is my favorite Koopa Bro.
my favorite Koopa Bro is Shredder
I bet the yellow one is very resistant
I used cheats to have level 3 jump and hammer off the bat
Must be nice actually not needing the bubble berry
They need to get better at haggling. My god
I call nonsense on that Power Shock not working
Ok can you share some these coins? My last seed I needed 110 in 1 shop.
Bow, frying Pan, mailbag, power plus.
Of course the mayor had it in his dresser. LUL
the baby seed is gonna kick in any minute now
Your Snowman Doll has upgraded to a Doll made of Snow, man.
seems good, excited to see =P
why was this dude hoarding a child
Kolorado heard chat call yellow yoshi a bitch and wanted to double down
Kolorado had Goombario as a hostage. He said "Aye, Mario. Be a good show and hand me that vase and no one gets hurt"
"It's a BET. LAY IT DOWN"
'Got any more of them vases'
gonna hit they hay, good luck with the rest of the rando! night
laki is accidentally the best partner
Flower Saver too? Shy Guy's Toy Box is pretty pog right now.
Stuck doing glitchless runs since I'm the goombario of clips phanto274Shrug
I'm gonna be using the glitch logic options as a checklist of stuff to learn
Should make him orange for halloween
Just use the 8bp flower savers jcogSmart
Why does he have power bounce when he has no feet
Vanilla Huff N Puff though. WutFace
Close call and lucky day strat?????
Rosie had what we need for once
And now you get to do it again.
Is it weird to call a plant cute?
purple is just a top tier color
damn, when'd you switch to Dark Star Bombette
When you try your best, but you don't succeed.
Good to know that Bombette's a Coldplay fan. LUL
Great against ONE of Bowser's attacks.
Block the fire, ditch the badge, got it.
And then a 5 Cap to wrap it up.
Oh wait, we don't have blue key. Kappa
Lyrics check for Tubba's key though?
Heals your status effect, but leaves you frozen.
I think this seed is compensating for the other seed that didn't give you an ultra shroom or jammin jelly.
@1STSTAR__ Night, 1st Star. Have a good one
I have school in a week I need to fix my sleep schedule lol
One of them HAS to be the Tubba Key, right? Kappa
They really really want to give you a POW Block
A Sleepy Sheep and 3 star pieces? Dang, bot. You scary.
You took Tubba's Key for granted.
Plot twist, ole granpa Russ t has the key
You were in Go Mode all this time.
That's not Tubba Blubba. That's just a bigger Clubba. LUL
You've been streaming for 7 hours, don't be hard on yourself lol
The YouTube vids are what got me into rando
Heck yeah! Never thought of Pok'mon rando
tbh I kinda want to watch more ww rando, but not many streamers ik streams it
oh btw I just got informed my avalonia pr got merged
Bro looked like a wacky pack toy
This is for all the marbles.
I don't know, but you know what. It could be worse.
I wanna hear how badly it messes with gulchy gulch
It's painful but it's not THAT painful
Vanilla Peach, Twink, and Kammy? What is this?
I didn't sign up for this. LUL
It's the finale. He has to make it difficult. LUL
Hope you all have a great night! See you next time
Classic. You go online as soon as I roll up to my job lol phanto274Tea
tis a rough time, it would seem
Gl with your race! I'll try to stop by on my break
I work every day basically lol gotta make that money
so can anyone enter the race?
how does these races happen nowadays? is it still srl?
any new settings on the race?
Shooting Star, Diamond Stone, Peach Doll, and Jammin Jelly. Means anything?
yeah you ONLY have 1/13 chance to win, p unlikely
Oh, I watched Zelda Randos and never knew that
I would get my butt kicked lol
does it still work with an irc thing where you .ready and stuff?
Imagine getting a notif 10 mins late pricelKoopaMove
I sometimes try to pull up all the participants streams. I think this time I'll pass, my poor pc lol
won't stay long because I'll async this after I find food
Good, if you're early, you're o time
I remember back in the day, we had .filename to enforce a filename on go and you had to enter it to verify :)
I see rip cheeto isn't on there either
hey they can program it themselves if they want :)
been watching your runs on yt for weeks, excited to finally catch one live!
If you ever feel the need for autotracking, hmu for rando ram data
you can websocket on everdrive wtf?
13 people without me what a turnout
SO CAN YOU MAKE AN EXTERNAL COMPETENT DEBUGGER?
cause emu debugging is painful and makes my nose bleed, but hardware debugging....
skipping on this one, still salty about getting burned looking for all 4 seeds
If I wasn't hungry, I'd eat late and join
I'll be lurking when I do colonel tonight
ever since watching more and more randomizers, I've actually taken to thinking about how game logic works for different randos
I peeked the backend for this one, it's a lot of graph theory which sounds interesting
well KIND of available, it's a frontend to a tool that isn't
Icebound overr here doing gods work
The python is probs all you need to understand the randomization
good luck to phantom and no one else
changes to the core mod are basicall just engine modifications
I actually was thinking about how I would structure it and it seems that I would first do a SHITON of docs, then do a base api to not just be a rando, but modding in general and then do another plugin that uses it which will be the rando
so it's like a 2+ years project
java is only good for one thing: ghidra and MAYBE if you play mc
I use openjdk for star rod, works okay
I think I only have java cause minecraft
oh what, what're they doing over at the poke rando lol
omfg stop using java when .net 6 is multiplat guys!!!
cant wait to see gamesbot talk about NFTs
I know that pain all too well
friendly reminder to fight LP :D
I can't even recall when an arch update broke settings, the worst that happens is dependency...which is annoying, but at least it works or it doesn't not "well kinda"
windows is such a well programed OS, right?
he has yellow hat, so this is goombwario
In jcogs chat I did "good luck to phantom and no one else" then followed up with "fuck wrong chat!" KEKW
Are you playing with vanilla letters today?
I want that last stand to be fake
twitchRaid twitchRaid Someone call for a Doctor? MD is in house!! twitchRaid twitchRaid
twitchRaid twitchRaid Someone call for a Doctor? MD is in house!! twitchRaid twitchRaid
ACTION twitchRaid twitchRaid Someone call for a Doctor? MD is in house!! twitchRaid twitchRaid
twitchRaid twitchRaid Someone call for a Doctor? MD is in house!! twitchRaid twitchRaid
I stole your HP chart, thanks for sharing
Also, I've just learned about Darkstar Edition and psykitChaos
I made it into a spreadsheet with bright colors lol
dark star is the definition o fpain
Looks impressive from what I did see
As far as technical work done to change the battles
Rip Cheato practically giving way his piggy bank
Yeah, this looks like a slow start
I have a feeling merlow might have stuff
Merlow had 2 ruins keys in my seed yesterday
as we say, randomizer giveth, randomizer taketh
I actually just wrapped up a Metroid Prime 2 seed that had Amber Translator on Amorbis > Dark Beam behind that
glad I could make it towards the start! gl on the race!
Amorbis is the first major Temple Boss
Almost had no special weapons for the fight either
I use a gamecube controller nowadays for basically everything on my pc
I use a GCN controller with a raphnet to a wii remote adapter to N64 KEKW
I've got a bunch of those wireless gamecube controllers for the switch
You say that, and Yoshi Shop is unknown
Let alone Boo shop and Chapter 7 Ship
Oh yeah, 2 Seed Chapter 6 entry, forgot about that
If squirt is low I'll upgrade sushie first
sooo what you're saying is, MORE MONEY
Watt is frozen in time KEKW
that is quite a rare item placement
that might be th elogic needed to progress too
oh god, this might be a knowledge check for the other racers
you can access the lake early liek this?
Yeah, Sushie + Bombette works here. Honestly so far this has been super convenient
only downside is all the dialogue
and watt opens up quite a bit
okay this seed has been spoiled I cant play it now lol
how much BP was the power rush?
I had to close and reopen stream.
wait, whats stopping us from just breaking the ice?
and now my dogs are going crazy. so I must depart for a bit.
I mean that's kind of a Pow Plus after a bit
okay I'm back. hopefully didn't miss anything.
Early Power Bombs are always a good thing in Metroid.
Early power bombs mean super late normal bombs, tho
I really don't mind. you get more than you lose
Oh, congrats BTW on winning the weekly that went up this week on YT
3 Power before Boots is nice
I just had a horrifying thought. randomized cooking
I still think the bombette clones in ch7 should be random
you never know, parakary or Lakin might be there too
I remember as a kid going through this place the first time
It's the same with the lost woods in OOT and woods of mystery in MM
I just know the path lol
I forgot how youre even supposed to know your way through lost woods lol
I just know it from memory
2 letters on Mt. Rugged YEP
there's no letters in the shops? I can't remember.
a lot of the letters were out of reach cause kooper as well
at least this isn't dark star, cause whakka
you still wanting a few more star pieces for what merlot has?
you can buy your way to 3 letters too
oh god, that means super blooper is gonna block prologue
You didn't need Parakarry to get the Train, did you?
@drew09452 just wait until they're 5
nvm, looks like 4 or 3
6 PF Pow Quake and 5 FP Pow Bomb......yeah naw
How does laki get you anything on mount rugged
Sheesh, +3 Pow before a boss. Well at least offense ain't a problem
You can get over the yellow path now right
not gonna check by puff machine?
I wasn't looking, what was that?
when did twitch get rid of the any% tag?
and we cant use % anymore
you can search for any% but no results cause no one can use it
smash charge, dark star ptsd intensifies
I feel like people can remember the tags they used to ude
And now they can add ones twitch doesn't have that might pick up
They're case sensitive as you put them in it's true
I think some people set up tags once and leave em forever
dogs were going crazy again. but looking at your checklist, it doesn't look like I've missed much.
So they didn't notice getting reset to zero tags
yeah, I'd put up tags once and never change them, except for when randomizers
theres only 16 people using AnyPercent oof
If parakarry is bow, then chapter 4 would be huge
Heading off to church. Good luck phantom!
I mean, all or nothing is decent, but we need key items, get with it parakarry
@TheMasterDS right now yeah, and some arent even speedrunning lol
Go back to being vanilla Parakarry
Who ordered the bot to roll this?
To quote rigby: It's always moles
parakarry and bow would get you the most, I think
true. of course, there's that super blooper to worry about
one guy is using the tag "funniestguyontwitch"
Did powerbomb really save you anything there over just a regular bomb
It had to be something, cause last location
I think we know the thumbnail. The mole with its tongue out
Also all the key items here, huh
are you full clearing this chapter before you leave?
what's the laki one called? Flakilester?
It's not like you don't have enough of them.
hopefully vase chest has something good
I had extra bits for whatever reason.
this is feeling like one of those runs where you need to check every last thing
I'm saving for the 30k pm rando. bahaha
but It'd be a generous rando I feel like. I don't think I'd fuck you over too bad xD! or is that what I want you to think. teehee
@iAmKrisXx you gotta let RNG screw em', otherwise it's not as fun
that's kind of what I thought too.
wow the hoops you had to jump through for him
kinda clutch tho. ruins with 4 keys but no parakarry wouldve sucked
all 3 bloopers, vanilla 5, and moles
about time we get that full gear shuffle fixed and to main ...
Any idea how glitched fares in terms of time reuiqred?
Inb4 chapter 4 is 7 scaled again
bot wants the sad doggo music, apparently
Idk would feel kinda mean to remove the sad doggo music. what monster would do such a thing
Don't worry PhantomGamesBot, I would never remove the sad doggo music, that would be cruel
Is anti guy in logic rn?
we're what, 6 items from go mode?
bruh, so much of rando using vanilla
the only 7fp badge move is mega quake
Ralph check after this star spirit?
What partner did you start with I missed most of the stream :(.
lol. selling his own calculator. lmao.
you doing another rando after this? or just the race rando?
the search for 2 keys and scarf
I wonder how the others runs are going
cause this seed has some wacky pathing
like this is basically 100% location at this rate. minus dojo, koot, and trading
jcog has 4 fortress keys and scarf
you've got him on chapters complete tho
he's missing 2 tubba keys, lunar, and palace key
If goomba king has nothing, then water stone probably will
oh damn, forgot about that bugger
Required Goomba King AND Moles AGAIN
I have learned so much about this game both in watching rando and playing rando
It would be ppl who did Blooper 1 early if any
Nvidia kept me overtime this week but I finished
I wouldn't have done it if I wasn't paid
my favorite times when it's a key item, but actually a trap
did you say someone finished already?
off to make dinner; gl and don't die
If bulb is relevant, I think youre likely behind
jcog went 7 without palace key
yo where the smash con watch at.. wait y arnt u in smash con lol
I think it was Laki that was the vase
my clip started at 3:12:17 right after you got out of the pipe so I'm not sure how long it took
It also matters whether you were able to break the boards for the shortcut the first time
kill w pow bet you wont
peach got that matching lipstick on bawkCoffee
Win this thing again! Let's gooooo
dude this was not close with jcog omg
like he is rn getting the...flying tubby thing lol
I did blooper chest and water early
and goomba king when I went to prologue
yeah I had just enough when I first went
I also did yoshis after beating 5 and had aoe to deal with them.
I think you did amazing. (: just some things were unfortunate and out of your control.
damage badges so op this seed
yeah I gambled when I got the diamond stone and hoped the last tubba key wasnt in the cstle
I think I'm always keeping 2 dizzys around for a possibly super blooper now days
It's because you named the file 'cheating' l0l
l0l. damn. what a seed so far. sheesh
the shop is selling their own guys she'll. l0l. wtf.
ngl hammer and boots in pool is way more what I want in general but races would be scuffed
the objective of getting to big chests makes routing on the fly for races simpler
I know that rando was declined and I was like aw sadge
Mario HATES Maple Syrup. The madman likes his pancakes/waffles without that stuff.
Idk if I will end up going or not but maybe change my submission to remote
Is glitched logic coming to the website soon?
looks fun pretty hype to try it
Its true ultra boots in koopa village was wild
was everything he had good? my god
damn cheato! he was holding out on you.
I am digging that bombette color
you think we getting a laki re color at all?
maybe change the color of his cloud
It went well untill I decied to last location yoshis and gooba king
yeah way easier in the ruins
I found the ruins easier bad at timing the spear guy
I did everything long check the first time I was there becieds those two which both of course had items
blooper wasnt the fastest with goombario, thats for sure
I usually do bloober pretty early it seems like'
oh god I almost used the bubble berry before finding laki
the badges in that seed were really good at least
pretty sure he was in 6 somewhere
I think he was in the red path
I did end up using the bubble berry because I was in 6 before getting red berry
It was weird how there was nothing in c4 besidies kooper right at the start and nothing in c1
yeah I was 4 items away from go mode like 1.5 hours in but than I couldn't find an item for like and hour and a half
who fights lp these days. ick
I would be fine skipping l[
Its not a hard skip to learn
mostly because you do c5 first 99% of the time and it gets boring
so like making c5 faster is good
Ooo, blue bombette, gold bats, red pokeys and buzzy beetles? Top tier colors.
Super Boots! PogChamp... And then a Volt Shroom. LUL
l0l. the ultimate slap in the face.
This game shakes your hand, and then slap you because it can.
I left for 15 mins and you found both boots upgrade
the only use of feeling fine I can see is dark koopas
but when you fight them they usually died turn 1
or the dark koopas don't move 1 of the 2
Vanilla HP Plus is pretty PogChamp
last time you did this you said the laki tp wasn't in logic why was that?
Imagine stepping outside for a smoke, only to run into Mario approaching your hideout
I don't even remember what it like to rise the water stairs
I only see you do it in races
I been thinking about joining a race but I cant cheat and I think u have to steam for it to count
If someone don't steam you wont know if they cheat or not
@blacktiger51 if you're worried, you could always record your run
I don't have anything to record with
when's the seed that has all the Koopa Bros. wearing the same color
I have a decant pc can run halo infinite on 60 fps 1080p
I only have a gtx 1650
The realization that if you encounter fake Goombario, you'll see that as a W
my friend steam on his pc and he cant run monster hunter rise
feel bad since I want to play that with him
It's big compared to running Pape
remind me to never try this
I know this not hard but its look hard
Its whoever stuck around from the JCog raid
how do you enable glitch logic? Is that just based on whether the physics glitches are disabled?
"Lady Bow's gonna be mad if we let Mario have this Super Shroom!"
Watt was taken from one dark location and placed into another dark area
But that leaves an important question though: Why didn't Watt just hover outta there? LUL
She didn't want the person in the well to feel lonely
@buff00n Aw, that's kinda wholesome. <3
Lily pad, why do you have an Egg
what did you plan to do with this egg
I didn't do anti-guy I know that
you uploading that race to youtube?
No artifact and kolorado camp tree because I was already in go mode then
I did do vase after doing Crystal Palace fully
nice yeah I miss it wasn't here all day I actually touch grass today
So Watt I already had Sushie and super boots plus warehouse key
IT was the only thing I could do at the time so I went to ch7
I did 1 then did 5 because I had Odd Key. Then I had Bombette from storeroom
It was barely possible to avoid Super Blooper
I didn't have here at the time
I only know about bombette thing cuz of you
That was my only way of getting into 5, so I was forced to do that
but surprisingly did super blooper first try
Do you have Defend Plus or something?
Why did that do 6 then?
I didn't know he can skip that heal
Imma clip that so you can send tat as a possible bug report
he one of the few bosses I know how he act
Clip menu bugged out and I couldn't get it
I don't know how to go back other than through clip and if you miss the window, it's gone
I don't think that work on mobile
I still don't see the option
him freaking over the shroom cake specifically is funny to me
None of quake hammers are good?
2 more items until go mode
as bad as blue house skip without hammer or laki?
that impossible I don't know how people do blue house skip like that
I try for over a hour I said yeah no
the 2nd jump to too hard to get got it once but couldn't make it in
he has nothing of use atm
Isn't it middle stairs for that jump
I never seen it I was just told middle could be wrong tho
that probably what I was thinking
yeah stuff like that is pretty dumb
yeah I agree if it stupid I'm not doing it
Ah the room where feeling fine has a use
I have never seen that do damage before
If you do end up going for the jump, I recommend tap-jumping up rather than right
Both work but I find up easier
Yeah leave that thing on the ground
putting that in my list of never try this shit
I'm fine with Gap Skip but LZS is a hard NOPE from me
watch palace key be there too
I am never right so its okay
Or goomba king, somewhere fun jcogSmart
I check there once 1st visit and goomba king had something
If you went straight to 7 and found your key there on the way, you'd probably be fine
since it glitch logic pulse stone could be in bowser castle right?
Would you risk that for the chance of a PB?
just replace with a junk item
Do you have a chance at PB at all if the key isn't in 7?
I totally forgot he can do that guess I got lucky
The bucket being at the bottom of the icy pond is kinda ironic
Which is faster between Scarf+Bucket or Sushie glitch?
Is susie glitch as easy as it looks?
every time I had both item so I never got to try it
Well now we really hope mega rush check isn't palace key
I'm hoping it's in one of the pedestals
So would this be considered Dark Kooper
If it's here you can still PB COPIUM
As much as I would love to see the end of this run, I need to go to bed. Good night and good luck!
yeah I know that but you cant fight them
thank god it wasn't on mega rush
17 mins to beat the game
bowser just have to not heal once
maybe last stand will be up here
I seen a speedrun with no saves and they died here
that was a really good final bowser too
I grew up with that game
Great job! See you next time
how we doin today tho phantom?
your streams are hella poppin bro, GGs pricelHitMeUp
well deserved phantom, people shouldn't be missing out your streams josuraCozy
got a fever but I'll push through shrimpsSus
Brett dodged my moneymatch offer he knew I would win free
you did beat 6 Kazuya Mishima CPUs
I actually just never saw him after friday LOL
69 mill for you to play elite smash pricelKoopaMove
This was the first event I have outplaced jaemi without directly beating him
yeah I noticed you don't have your 3dw PB in your about me josuraGrin
Our co-op run is the only thing on my src lol
I forgot we had another roommate LOL
I'm trying to be Mario for that run
oh wait this isn't randomizer LUL
I knew it wasn't but damn
Oh also I did jr skip on joycons again the other night to show jaemi and I got it in like 2 tries
Why am I good at it on joycons
took me a bit to take it in SeemsGood
@LeaderboardMods ban this guy I can't read it
Odd question, but how long have you been an active streamer?
share the link to this stream to Pok'mon Speedrunners to scare them
Ok apparently I just hit my 2 year affiliate this month lol
I just checked and I have a 24 month badge
wow I really have 2 dollars under 100 in my twitch
cuz it you're just that deserving of it
I finally got payed this month lmao
Oh yea talking to Linkus was fun
how juicy was the payout tho? B)
Didn't even realize he was going to that LOL
I told him I played wario and he asked if I used bike throw and I was like "YES THAT SHIT'S BROKEN NOBODY ELSE DOES IT THANK YOU"
Why does he know but nobody else does
lmao well glutto does it ;)
he at least did it against onin
Gluto always just drives it back off stage for recovery later
My bracket path was lame asf but I'm glad I did well
wait phantom, what's your GSP?? if you still remember ;)
cuz I might save up for the channel points reward Kappa
Beating olimar into steve was not it
Then I lost to yez for 256th
I have everyone in elite and I regret doing it
wow a normal run been awhile since that
I mean in november he'll likely stream it if we play at the house lol
Idk I haven't fucking touched that mode since sora dropped lol
Like wifi is fine for practice but quickplay is ass
Imagine banning funni block man because no one knows the MU?
I looked at his resource bar and abused gold-less disadv
It came out on like friday so I was probably at wendys
I would offer to do the first one but I'll be with buff00n
Cause I leave for illinois on the 14th
They allegedly fixed reindog up air
Also a bunch of endlag got added to mvs in general
I can jr skip but I can't block that
Ive never seen a double dink I'm down
Mario just didnt wanna grab it
has anyone made the "this seed is crazy" joke yet
the vanilla Goombario and chapter difficulty
did you remember prologue coins :tf:
I'm only 45 minutes late! let's go!!
oh thank god I was worried
how about we go back in time and forget they exist
no reset run into 10th try speedy
It's gonna be there now and you'll be disappointed
you can't get this wr by going for it
can I have uhhh none pb left splits pls
It was real, and now it'll still be real when it says +71.4 in a min
for some reason I had thought you had a low 2x
sub 22 prologue is a myth
yeah you can def mid/low 21:5x
you were improving a ton last I remember
the timesave comes at the cost of being mentally unwell and resetting prologues
I'd reset for an encounter and that's about it
or tattle goomba king or something silly like that
I mean who would do that haha
yeah, who would do that huh
yesterday during the rando race :)
I didnt notice they shortened it lmao
one of the coolest cutscenes tbhtbh
I just don't even look anymore
5 min split and over a minute is cutscene
this is what it costs to be a randomizer great
I didn't do the back 4 in palace after finding the castle key, I didn't do the bombette puzzle, and I didn't do the pit
I think that was it? so ig 6
did they make the weekly rules good?
oh shit it's mx_four from twitch.tv/mx_four I'm a big fan
they are good for the intention of the ruleset
can you sign my blunt weedMario
Oh I was thinking of the one you pb'd
I haven't really done any glitched randos since assumed fill
yeah I have no idea what that's like lmfao
I feel like it'd be slower bc it requires you to do slow things
I'll prob be busy with my project until well after it comes out tbh
I want to make a beginner's video guide for race settings
PhantomGamesBot: I got SO MANY GOLD NUGGYS IN A COMA phanto274Love
Wait going into a coma gets me free nuggys?
time to perfect the microcoma technology for infinite nuggies
I was just about to ask about the parakarry split but I think that luck comment tells me LOL
he accidentally went to check sewer blooper
But it's still fun to ask :)
parakarry probably didn't actually lose the third letter and it took him 1:26 to notice it was actually stuck to the inside wall of his bag
I'm ready for the training arc
Had 2 runs get to CircusMan, but neither were particularly good
I heard, GL on the marathon runs!
rando muscle memory is hard to shake. I don't think I could play lttp normally anymore
cause in base game, I run to kakariko and be like "wait, why is it all rupees? oooooooh... right"
Imagine if homeward shroom was vanilla
I feel like nintendo would make it go to mario's actual house
probably. that's how they work. lol
just wanted to pop in quick, but gotta run! GL on the derust!
I actually got home early today from work (dentist) but I've been trying to nap, that's why I'm late. lol
n000. I went to the dentist. lol
after spending 1500 dollars. that hurts worse than the root canal. xD
I don't blame you. I only have a 15 minute commute.
nah. I don't have the patience for that.
alright, I'm done waiting, dse when?
when are we routing glitchless dark star
I saw someone talked about it in Jcog stream 4 days ago
only if you enjoy playing it though, because the start was ROUGH
are you sure it's Jcog? I watched the vod and only saw x4
I would love to see you 100% dark star
DSE is not like MQ, in broken ways
how far in did you get
I enjoy watching it the start looks so hard
I have a lot thing to say about that vod
and chapter 3 was just unfair
Tubba is actually incredibly easy, it's possible to beat him with mega curse x3
no shame in safety saving. (:
If Tubba heart has <5 HP, he will end battle
I cant wait to see how hard chapter 6 boss is
personally, when I saw you having no merlee spell or power rush, you only option was either tank his hits with 25 HP or something or zerker
stone cap isnt invincibility in ds so I really dont know how you beat that lmao
ye after I did a normal one I got to lava piranha
wdym, you can get power rush in vanilla before ch3 and after ch2
Idk how you even pushed yourself through that beginning honestly. if it was me, I would've rage quit so early. lol
time to start up the 5hp run again :tf:
ye fair, from a speedrunner perspective, why would you do that
I didnt even know where the chest was when I did glundo
I'm so happy you didn't sold the Gold shroom
very good he says, I can tell you have no idea LuL
for whatever sick reason I'm thinking about that early power rush now
The bighouse twitter is irritating as fuck who is running it LOL
In ch3 you have access to a some sick stuff, which I expect a speedrunner to miss mostly, I mean, why would you check the previous apple crates, nobody does that lol
They're just constantly @'ing and begging top players to come lmaooo
thank you for your input, bot
I can't believe he lied about waking up at 6am.
Boo leaf is the most shady item he add in the hack
he told nobody he added that, not even in the update reports
or I dunno what u call it
update log, I mean, my brain geez
you always miss while dizzied in dse
be back in a bit. dogs are going crazy.
ye don't expect ttyd in this hack, that hack is more inspired by bug fables
played bug fables till near end of ch6
It rly feels like dse to me kinda, the... ye
I liked bf enough to 100% but I havent wanted to replay really
actually I own it twice so maybe I do like it
also, I have to say, the 3 options you pick in ch4 dse
ch4 is good stuff in dark star
I think it was my favorite of the 5 ive done
the weirdness of dse starts at ch4 mostly
someone did do a glitchless speedrun, but ye, been a long while
weirdly enough, you didn't needed to buy a lot of POW BLocks lol, you just kinda stall with jumps and goombario or something and use sleepy sheep
they heal 2 every turn theyre asleep
omg they heal 2 hp ohhh nooo, I can't deal aoe dmg anymore and hit blindly any enemy I want
you just kinda sleep all enemies and kill one after the other singlehandely, not hit all of em at once lol
ye, he didn't like you skipped buzzar
weird, everyone and mostly people beating tutan said he's too easy
I mean I was lvl 4 or something and beat him with ease
you used the most terrible strat, ngl
The real question is why was that shy guy hiding in general guys pants
I mean who wouldn't want to Flushed
If you don't look at the platform he's airborne
It does 5 dmg, 6 against aerial
you don't know how much I pushed him to make hammer throw relevant
assumption are 2ndary, primary is testing it out yourself
FINALLY SOMEONE WHO AGREES WITH ME, geez, that was not rly my mindset, I told him to explain it in text but that one guy say, the player should experiemnt
while playing dark star I kept getting the feeling I should be playing on emulator and save stating everywhere
playing on everdrive experimenting I so punishing
ye, he apparently didn't fix all the laggy areas
I think the star temple is the only place lagging hard? I hope
I dunno why, if you say the star temple lag is unbearable, surprised nobody rly said anything about it
I can confirm star temple is like sub 15 fps in most places
I totally would go check but I rather not go through hell to get there
go out of way to level up nah
only time I would level up is for a super boss or something
RF usually has level rec's outside of the dungeons and I'm like always double them lol
I need someone to talk me out of trying 5hp again
I cant stop thinking about it
Yo donkeykongsdad just followed me on twitter
I couldn't beat the extra bosses in 10
they just made the account and are followed by nobody
yo is this vanilla difficulty Chapter 5 Jungle?
I agree with you but I still don't like doing side quests in rpgs
If it a good reward I might do it
that cycle looks way to free on jp
are you still allowed to hold down at the end of the game?
only if the rando devs used the jp version
ohh I was thinking the devs pick English cuz more people had it
I know the link to the past rando use the jp version
Actually fighting LP? What is this
I'm not seeing a lot of green.
Sure you can, look at what that one online GDQ runner did
I actually couldn't believe that guy did that at agdq he was good at that game too
I really do love your sense of humor. Haha. I always have such a good time here.
make your file name "Steve" so the run can be banned
I've definitely caught you on a couple grumpy days.
Gotta modify your game to say that too now.
I was JUST about to say
"Save the Luigis or kill the Luigis"
You should hammer throw those moles in ch6 empero125Thamz
Nah he must get stuck in the pipe cause he starts going down with you
time to waste good rng on this run Prayge
So, in what ways is the Japanese version faster?
I'm excited for back to back lightning in final
someone told me that for the switch fight in ch8 too
surely they would accept a lifeshroom
And one second from getting caught on the transition door between areas.
woah never thought of that lol
I hold b the whole time lmao
Ever done a 100% speedrun of this?
Well I learned what that was today lol
just do hundo without lzs how much time could it lose :tf:
I'd love to optimize the route
takes way too much brainpower tho lol
I fricked myself pretty hard routing wise
yeah the items should be overhauled
I still cant believe I fought the wrong blooper and saved after
most of the routing was from the og router guy
dark basement now will be nice with brighten room cheat
You normally use laki for hurricane there?
What's the probability of 5 cap on ch7 jr
16% chance of losing the run for 5 second time save? Easy
like 2/3 for a 5 cap iirc
It sure didn't feel like 2/3 when I grinded any% lmfao
My brain can't compute non-rando anymore. I'm like 'oh vanilla bucket!'
two golds so far is nuts
What's your technique for mashing a and b at the same time?
I like using index and middle
You may just need to switch it up every so often to rest muscles
flat thumb works best for me but it always feels awkward
I hate it when I'm too buff to button mash
Soooo' that music randomizer woke me up this morning LUL
People sleep with YouTube going? Lol
Is that spinning and hammering just for fun? Or does it do something
I 5-0'd a bridget player lol
I like falling asleep to vods
That MU feels omega nice for millia lolll
But I shut off auto play
and also everyone is bad still
I put several clips of me perfecting bridgets in my discord lol
they fucking changed 7tv how do I work this layout now 1 second
The result of living in party houses from age 18 to 26, can't sleep without noise lol
I see a potential time save on shell shot, can you let go earlier?
It looked like it was starting for the bottom
Donkeykongsdad unfollowed me after I retweeted
I don't think he likes dusk arknights
Do you actually use shell shot on final bowser?
What the fuck is this thing deb just posted on twitter
Its a cotton candy shake, cotton candy ice cream, with actual cotton candy on top, with nerds on top.
I think that kills you if you consume the whole thing
Lol I was absolutely expecting boss rush
Oh yeah, I forgot this cutscene exists
At least you don't lose xp for running away
That's some cool movement with parakarry
I always thought it was odd how ornate bowser's castle keys looked. They should be more menacing or something
I was only at the smashies because Linkus was there for the grandpoobear thing at the same time
Linkus asked me what the fuck they were doing LOL
Typical speedrunner, justifying cheating in a glitchless speedrun
Only when sushi is out?? That seems very odd
he heard you did a glitch WideKirby
can you fight the anti guys for fun
oh damn, last I check you were in prologue lol
There should be an antiguy% category
You must fight all 4 anti guys in the game
triple anti guy mega shock is the easiest mash in the game
why is there so much cum in the kirby emote search
I just finished a park run I am depressed
I got a 2:19? it was good
Lemme bring a wii and a wii u to mwsf so we can park 2 race
It was no reset so yeah thats pretty solid
Just wanted to stop by and say hi, I'm hungry rn I'm gonna go grub
Dennis look at this stock photo I found that was just on 7tv
Or save the 2 turn for the marathon
I don't think I'll ever be able to top my finding of el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
I am in the depths of emotes rn just to find the bullshit
oh shit I found monado emotes LOL
All this rando rng coming full circle
Peach giving twink p up d up every turn is OP
stop the praying, you making him lose time
She should be going first each turn tho
'Why can't I have peach as a partner' - Mario since his inception
Oh yeah, time is peach arms
wait will it be sub 4, why is it still going jcogEyes
Bear if you want your lurkers to get jumpscared
He's right below you on mine
Ooo yeah. Thumb mashing has not been fun
x4 is playing metal gear rn
Yesss glitchless is my love language phanto274Love
18K dropped frames by the time the raid went thru
can I drop a link before yous start
they actually hold the games too
so youre part of the problem!!
PhantomGamesBot: If Prologue has a million fans I am one of them. If Prologue has ten fans I am one of them. If Prologue has only one fan, that is me. If Prologue has no fans, that means I am no longer on earth. If the world is against Prologue, I am against the world.
PhantomGamesBot: If Prologue has a million fans I am one of them. If Prologue has ten fans I am one of them. If Prologue has only one fan, that is me. If Prologue has no fans, that means I am no longer on earth. If the world is against Prologue, I am against the world.
I have a base PS4, so having PS5 run them is a world of difference
Came in and started chaos phanto274BLANKIES
b is one of my favorite buttons
It is super nice running ps4 discs on the 5
I have ps4 games I never played like the 2nd digimon cyber sleith game
I just care about the story
Cybersleuth I got stuck like an hour into that game, kinda confusing but it seems really good
Just smooth brain here I guess
mitzI's dog chewed up her ethernet cable
how likely is speedy spin to be there each go?
oh wow so 4th try is 1 in 256 =/
I still have only gotten 3 rerolls max Sadge
I'm only 25 minutes late this time! hi phantom and chat. !!!
damn! I live for prolog! xD
so a 7 means youre REALLY good then
at what point do you stop considering it bad luck and start considering it good luck
damn am I just a bad omen?
22 03 is still good imo.
you need CLR for that derusting
Lol I need some for my shower actually tho
Calcium, Lime, and Rust cleaner was funny to me for some reason
Just saw the times for your NoGA runs, woof those EST times
whats the prize for correctly guessing fuzzy trees?
I do it all the time
and by all the time I mean twice OMEGALUL
give them VIP for the month
I mean, what are the odds multiple people guess the same answer let alone if they'll even guess it
have you ever gotten a 1st try speedy?
you just need to get on rowf's good side
It definitely changes based on the cart Kappa
I feel like that PhantoBot could probably get 50th try speedy with some RNG manipulation.
why is it possible to be very unlucky, but never being incredibly lucky?
I'm stressing before I gotta go to work permitDead
I'm sore from yesterday BabyRage warehouse job kicking my booty but like in a good way
I played hookey and went to the beach
uh started very small on Saturday and got hit hard on Sunday so... almost 5 days
I think when I went to LA to work at an event there, that's what did it.
why doesnt peach use her OP p up d up focus ability in this fight?
also you didn't save before the fight
It's just my legs that are sore. It's like I'm just doing squats for 5 hours straight cats4eSad
Job building me a better booty and paying me in the process win win
I still don't know how Bowser's Castle went unnoticed in this game
Just restart now its already bad enough
any plot holes in paper mario can be explained by the star rod
theres really no rng in prologue right?
youre very good at holding b tho
appearantly the bot was 50 zenny short. I wish I had some zenny to spare.
How does whale swim in water if its made out of paper?
how does Mario not combust into flames when entering the volcano?
has anyone won the slots? l0l.
I'm inching closer to 30k channel points. lol. at 13k now.
Looks like Goomba king's blasting off agaaaain.... *
That was where Attack FX B came from, huh
It was the end of the Koopa Bros cutscene
*random* I just remembered I'm probably roofing tomorrow. boo.
I do metal roofs for commercial buildings. which imo is better than shingles. l0l. and omg. that's ridiculous.
can't even take the time to strip off the old shit? that sucks.
godspeed kris, heart goes out to you guys
good. cause almost 70 years is a long time. lol
trim? like at the end of your roof?
I will die on the hill alone
that counts for something Axl. right?
I would redeem bad rng but dont wanna throw points away
I just wanna see you phanto274Rage from getting a 141
I changed my mind on saving for 30k channel points. I'm now saving for 69.4m
also since you need energy drinks, may I suggest Baja Blast Energy?
I almost have 1 mil in jcogs NiceSoftlock
hi I cant hear but gl
I'm stuck in a dorm help
Where do the other enemies come from that one guy.Where do they appear?
also 3dw got into pace but it wasnt me adaencSOB
milo asked what game I wanted to run instead but irdk so I said pokepark
You can stop spinning for mario The can't handle that pressure.
offer hammer throwing moles in ch6
20 minutes until I can throw my clothes in the dryer and then it is time to do some serious relaxing. lol
What is the maximum level up?
execution points are very tight empero125Thamz
@DukeMondream thats the undertale thing Kappa
rando makes you want to do all the checks?
Mario is tired of being spined around all day.
Getting tired of getting spined all day. like Mario
Hope mx_four still streaming, for raid :P
I can't Imagine 1st person on mario just continsually spinning.
why are you running back to the start? just homeward shroom. phanto274Shrug xD
and you won't today. I believe in you!
Got my 7 month old watching with me. Teaching her while she's young!!
Hey! I just started learning Glitchless today and its a lot of fun
Cool, itll be like an instructional video lol
Although I only got to ch 5 lol
A great habit is playing this game period lol
Yeah, I need a break from looking back and forth from the doc and the game its tiring
Yeah theres a lottt of intricacies, I just know I'll like buy one less pow block than necessary yknow
that text being rng annoys me way more than it should
I wonder what the range is for the text coming out
seems to be more likely than not
witch star spirit power is your favorite
what do you do for maze fight
I wanna master buffer spins so I can become tas
I think I'm gonna touch up my route tonight
I wanna add bombette first strike and stuff
I love glitchless runs. That and 100% runs. LUL
why is his theem so good
Time for my favorite part of the run. <3
thats kinda why I wanna try risky
I mean I'm killing runs to final with the safe route anyways
Isn't Goomnut Tree only viable in 100%?
I'm referring to all the recipes in 100%. You need at least a goomnut to make nutty cake. @Phantom5800
need nut cake for koot too
I also have a question for m4
fright jar -> air lift would still be the play I think
even if you double dink you'll air lift, get peril, air lift, then air lift the solo
Eh idk why but for some reason I just cant see glitches as a real "speed run" its more like cheating. Not trying to be salty but its just how I define it. Real speed run is actually playing the game fast
so if somehow pb this run I'll Doordash you an order of Carne asada fries
I tried playing pape and it was very bad
then I had an mgr run 40mins in on 54 pace and then fucked it up
I would've probably considered taking a break if I'd gotten that time
or do a glitch get wr and then gaslight the mods it's fool proof
what are the odds they check ch5
I think arie was in my chat when I hosted
what's ace why are you talking about ace this a glitchless rub
I had to make a new twitch account on my phone because the password reset didn't work
I mean idk but this is looking like pretty good pace for a glitchless rub
thought you could fool maddi_sr huh? pathetikoopa.
If you still have 9 bp you'll need to take ice power off too I think
how did I miss all that
fun surprise in like 15 minutes
Is it for money or for battle?
the implication that I would ever prevent seeing more cocnut is RIDICULOUS
This is an interesting set that they use for exactly one battle
I really like the pink fish
Yo, Chet Rippo. Time for Danger Strats. Kappa
In that battle scene there's a pink fish that jumps out of the water
looking at my badge collection on 3DS, I actually got all the fire emblem badges lol
so much wasted money, but hey it let me memorize a credit card that is now expired KEKW
was it tho? would you call a crane machine gambling?
I never thought of a crane machine as gambling
According to the Nevada and other state and international gambling laws, arcade games do not count as gambling games for two reasons. They are games of skill, where players have some control over the outcome of the game. Also, arcades do not pay out money or any representative of value.
Probably a similar situation to the Japanese pachinko loophole
just pasting what is law LUL
yesterday I just unfollowed someone for changing their content and I just now got gifted a sub LMAO
Its been over 40 seconds LUL
The most graceful 40 seconds I've ever seen
I went with 40 because deathnote
my best friend from high school sent me one. Was awkward getting that in the mail. I keep it close so "no one else can have it"
really close to the source material, only thing they forgot was to rip some pages out
Light did carry scraps on him after all
I found my DK64 pencil box!!!
IT HURTS MY EYES TO LOOK AT IT
one of those 90s 3D covers
He's dead. Dead, I tell you.
God, I'm too used to rando. Was expecting you to check the letter
the star kids are yellow, wtf
Super happy fun platforming times clintThot
Does it just involve jumping over these bullet canons
I'm listening to Steven Universe music to feel something
Forgot that SU has some bangers tbh lol
Well this is the 1st time my cat has seen me in 3 days so he wants attention lol
I forgot how violently you kill a child
do not hit time when you get the star rod
The opening of that song is so good
Is this part skipped in rando?
Even in rando it's 2 minutes
lol, why's her broomstick just hovering w/o her
I forgot you had this super long cutscene
been watching on youtube a lot lately, finally caught a stream
I didnt know you had a youtube
And paper mario origami king apparently
How does slushy live above water
Also is the fish named slushy or sushi bc I know its one of those 2 I think
Ah damn I missed a 1st try
Still better than me according to the wife! Catch you all next time
Preps rando seed w malicious intent
aw man I joined too late :(
You should definitely rest the day before
I'm gonna start using japanese tags cause fuck em
you are running pape in jpn afterall
Ive heard pokemon runners say, "how do I know if I'm confused?"
fever is gone but I'm tired
yeah I try to be out by 4 but things happen sometimes
how dare you call Prologue a cutscene
anything after prologue is a inconsistent film
why are you doing the goomba king check?
and why isnt it itachi Kappa
naruto taught me you dont need a great story to gross over$10 billion
just found out my dad got sick from me. glennj5SWEAT
even bleach was over 7 billion
I'm excited that the anime is getting the intended ending
I hope you are having a great day.
I see you started with the goombario.
I shouldn't turned the brain off and said 1,2,3
Goodluck with the run dude! shiftLOUDER
For glitchless there like 2 routes right?
Yeah I was gonna say I know of the spook one but it's kinda rng lol
Also just don't get hit, and the optimal Don't mess up 4Head
Is this the category you play the most?
Have you done any% with all the glitches?
You ready to watch me win smash and strive
If I lose in strive it's ok because Millia is dogshit
Ohhhh sick you're gonna be running there?
Yea I mean may as well
I was about to say I should do that too LUL
I have a good marathon vod to submit now and it's good motivation
Add my marathons to discord as events
I want you to purposefully ignore feeling fine in a hotfix run
and say chapter 7 isn't bad
Some cool games at that event I just looked at the schedule
The only thing that'd make that message better is if the bot put a Flushed
I wanna do an in person marathon one day. Seems way more stressful though spaget3OhNo
Gimr is too bald to think that through
Smash gimr? You would think they local record their tourneys I guess not lol
Oh Gimr profits off the smash vods so he def would care about those
Gimr only puts effort into what makes him money lol
Oh that's right they did speedruns for glitch I remember
I used to be super involved in competitive smash lol
Next year I'm def not aiming to hit up any gimr events
I wish California had a speedrun event shiftFeels
as long as you come to combo breaker
This check is so slow you must be desperate for an item
I hat kinda controller do you use?
I replaced half the shit in my battlebeaver and gave it to 74 LOL
Especially the control stick their stuff is not it
Oh okay are you playing this on emu?
Ohhh I didn't know there was n64 adapters lol
I use a hori mini for N64 speedruns
Linkus uses one cause he has baby hands
They're pretty sick I like the control stick on it more than og N64 controller
It's like a gamecube control stick LUL
I got used to it but I can see for people with bigger hands
Ok gotta go I'll be lurkin spaget3Wave
Guess I won't do 100% because the rules doesn't fit with my definition. Thank you!
Guess I won't do 100% because the rules doesn't fit with my definition. Thank you!
I was trying so hard not to lose it on that guy you don't understand NiceSoftlock
but I wouldn't be opposed to star rod timing
Quick escape on sundays, LP on all days right now apparently
I spent the whole afternoon moving boxes and shit into the basement BabyRage
If it was closer I would be even more poor :)
I'm convinced double bomb doesnt exist
I dont know if your vods are trustworthy Hmm
my gold is double bomb god cycle
I don't have a watt split anymore lol
actually was probably 3:50.xx bc I think green station was bad
can't wait to decline this run
taking this one to the pape supreme court
Playing on a cart not emu right?
this is only the second time ive seen double bomb
I am so PUMPED for my noodles AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I am so NUMPED for my poodles AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
pumped to numped to cumps to cumping to cumge
I was just happy about my noodles. How did it get to CUMGE
I would say it looks more like sweat OMEGALUL
I dont know if I'll ever do the fast lure for this guy
I just wait for the dance
I'll take my guaranteed enter with a little rng I dont mind COPIUM
climbing up this tree sometimes gives me an aneurysm
the whole game is spin jumps but those spin jumps in particular BabyRage
I guess bots can get thirsty too. Kappa
I think my favorite thing your bot said was something about toad showing melons for 10 dollars or something
So it's allowed to walk off the corner like that but only after pushing the blocks?
It was from a while ago
But it was so funny lmao
jumps that LOOK like glitches tho Kappa
double bomb 6 cap I'm leaving
honestly wtf is your rng today
Its because you continued that 4th try speedy run
game said "he's been through enough"
I feel like all my time save is in chapter 8 cats4eWiggle
or a significant amount is cause fuck practicing chapter 8 BabyRage
what the pink fish that flies outta the water in the background of that fight?
Is bowser very hard in this category?
Unless this is just the perfect RNG run
Bowser is a jerk in all categories cats4eRiot
a 50% coin flip at the final boss sounds terrible after a 4 hour run ...
You're going to do safe fight for the marathon though right? monkaW
clintT how is the fight you do now different?
If the run is good then obviously it will be beat bowser, otherwise its bad
Is it just 33% for taking something with butt stomb
I literally shit bricks at bowser everytime anyway so a risky fight would fuck me up even harder LMAO
I arrived at the perfect moment to see you get fucked
I don't think I've ever gotten all 3 of those in a run
and I grinded this for a long time
Right? Phantoms game is on crack rn
Bot makes perfect sense for one (minus the random ping)
listen I can believe enough for all of us. Bowser will be nice this time SURELY Kappa
I'm not doign either which makes it weird that you got lucky today
my bowser rng is normal usually but my everything else is fucking awful
Save the rest of the good RNG for final
run will die if huff is a jerk tho
shell shot, die to puffs, jump x2 shell shot
If you're on spook you just die
oh and we not doing that so we gucci
I haven't thought about this in so long
It is not run death though unless like 45s is ggs
ok yeah the fight I gave you is accurate
the backup for ck is switch to watt adn let him heal
ok imma be lurking while organizing the basement! I hope the luck keeps on giving! cats4eHug
after I come back from fl I'm prob gonna grind this again very briefly for a pb on the new rac route
I was looking at the lb and it's wild that RAC is faster than glitchless
beforethe most recent breakthroughs (of which there were a lot) it was still faster but like, barely
I was really proud of my rac pb and now I should pb by like 4 minutes for free lmao
I guess that's one way to get me off my ass
log skip can also be lzs :)
I don't hate myself THAT much
The dolly trick to retrigger prologue?
It would've been during my any% attempts when I was going for 1:42/1:41
where I was doing time out and never got past jr
my log skip gold in any% is fucking ridiculous
If I don't do lzs and then have 1 extra fall on the other method I lose like 20 seconds
okay. I'm here now. done eating. beer in hand. I'm ready for some phantom paper mario!
It's like 8-12 faster even if you do both methods perfectly
did you not eat one after the bee
"Don't forget the kool john" - captions
right buty ou had to eat something to get 10 hp for laki
The last time I added shit I literally just went to the most recent shit and clicked on things that were there LOL
how do you think I fucking found el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
God when you hover over the emote and actually look at the cat
What if we smooched on goombario instead
dont leave me in the dark here
did lopez @ the bot or did the bot @ them and say hello LOL
It's just as true today as it was then
"do you think of a single white mom adores me"
We need to remove buff00n from this chat I think
He's rubbing off on the bot
Why did he defend his rando settings to glenn
Is that any mom, or a mom thats single?
"oh I gotta do another rando, they've added so much today, will be slower go"
I want the bot to el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
el:wadafa is my favorite thing I have ever seen
yea phantom commission a el:wadafa emote
I would do that if I didn't already have tacogu1Hug
You could always make your split bg an emote
what did ohrocks do to you?
I would ban him but I cant
"I hate ohrocks" Phantom - 2022
Wait bot made sense again... it's learning monkaW
It has no idea when it makes sense... which is why it's crazy that it says it has no idea when it makes sense
Its more like fall guys that fortnite
I'm not convinced this is a real thing you're talking about
I see kirby I buy, no questions
If you PB will you delete this vod too Kappa
Phantom has shed all wordlly attachments
If phantom pbs I'll delete the vod
I want cumge visual explanation in your pb
I'm the one that doesn't get shown cause I live under a rock
God I'm organizing like' a 4th of my clothes rn' I really do hoard clothes a tad cats4eDead
then you have Axl, I have one pair of shoes and slides OMEGALUL
I used to work at a shoe store so I have a million shoes too.
we can still see you LUL
can you even see anything? that's crazy! 0.0
Arknights dc'd me when I rolled and I'm unsure if it just took my shit or if it gave me a dupe and I don't feel like going through each unit I have to see which one got a token lol
I don't mod anything so I am safde
ARIE! thank you for the sub
I got a sub from your channel, oh that was jami LUL
up 6 is the new down 2
Omg I found my bacon Halloween costume
It was stupid I had to buy it lmao
did you burn a life shroom or somethin?
It pleases me that your splits don't conform topramWIGGLE
1 sub says you get a 4
you just threw for a sub
We love getting yeeted off bowser
did you see the pencil box?
I'll ask bowser to give you peril
I just realized this is pb pace yooo
this guy is fire heavy wtf
bowser firing every turn except turn 2 lmao
THE PB HAS CUMGE EXPLANATION LMAO
I can't wait for cumge to be posted into youtube
Oh yo is this a PB
Oh shit it's a stinky guy
buttstomp is so scary here on turn 2 now
glad I could be here to witness it!! w000 LETS GO!!! PB!!!
For real tho this is awesome! congrats!
Fright Jar on Moles? Double PogChamp
throw out your spare carts and only use this one
my pb missed jr block too
did you get double 3 capped in phase 1
that's so scary without ultra watt
remember when I said bowser would be nice?
he knew I meant fire but did buttstomp peril, what a prankster
Today, a PB. Tomorrow, sub 3:50
Man I just missed it papeHands
I should change my name to fake Axel
@morpheus080 what do you think of this emote kutyesz
Bowser taking the hammer is pretty generous.
The rigby bop incident of 2022
Later, Phantom. Thanks for streaming! <3
I'm so happy I can listen to your stream while I organize in the basement phanto274BLANKIES
YAH I'm putting all my clothes away since I got the second box of my clothes cats4eWiggle
Oh yeah god rng is ass to run against lmao
Then there's me who has getting speedied in my pb lmao
whoa whoa this ain't worlds y arnt u watching worlds .. cmon phantom lol
I like that they're doing the KOF mode now for standard play
Looks like I got here just in time
I watch it only for pokken lol
MADE IT ON TIME! LETS GO!!
unite was ok.. it did get hype at first then It got boring
game is ok.. there were a couple hype moments
but that game is also very dead besides the EU scene
the only one I was good was overwatch
I used to be super in to call of duty.
God I miss the mlg days
they have the technology to do it. lol
What I like about the current dude running the last HotS league left is he's very good about showing the core parts of gameplay and covering each scrap that happens in a lane or at an obj
I think rocket league has a good commentary.
I've watched rocket league pro players or whatever battle it out and it was good.
That's how I am with league of legends and I consume that almost daily
None of them are funny except black plague + coney and none of them know what they're talking about lol
I haven't watched League in a long time, but back when I first started LCS League commentary was really good
You need a talk fast and hype person and a person who knows what is actually happening
It's the main man himself, Goombario!!!
that's just bad luck. that Goomba was out for blood
wait you have to generate seeds by building the whole binary?
Now that there's a break in the entertainment, chat on your overlay is MIA?
I w a s gonna say that earlier but thought maybe I was the only one.
you could replace it with a slabs one for the day until they fix it
trying to remember from long ago
window capture pop out chat itll look great
Can make an overlay and manually fit it in slot
lmao I haven't opened SLOBS in so long
I used stream elements for chat
Man I really detailed the stream
that's okay know. we're all Still having fun. (:
Phantom's view count comes mostly from people reading chat, not watching the gameplay
and the text should probably be white
I'm a 30 year old child. lmao
you can also add custom CSS
what kind of seed are you rolling? race setting?
I mean, fitting to the theme, could use a paper mario font
courier new is a fun one
sometimes twitch chat just breaks at times
I can't remember if this has been asked already, but what type of rando seed are you rolling?
Rando but all the items are goombario
whatever you want to do! I'm just here for the show! (:
I am a fan of the hammer and boots being rando
Random start location? I never use that one
one day ttyd will have a good rando
Forced goombario start, let him get his 25 minutes of gless fame in
Big chest shuffle, but not into the general item pool
I'll still enjoy whatever you decide to do. lol. RANDO!
I forgot you got the new settings
can you randomize your start location? O_O
I cant wait to try when upgrades are anywhere is out
'If I'm a fan of prologue, there's 100000''
so will you make a tracker option for glitched logic?
do you think starting with no partners will be possible in the future?
pretty sure that mess stuff up
starting with no partners just guarantees one would happen soon, anyways
Jade raven? useless. Bubble berry? Gimme dat
There aren't many of those though
yeah I was pretty sure that was the case
Lantern Ghost, Tutankoopa, Duplighosts, Final Bowser... am I missing any?
that is a very valid question.
all badges and partners unusable, except goombario 1 fp charge Prayge
Starting with goombario is basically like starting with no partner
that's my new favorite bombette re color.
You could also go to 5...
I'm just trying to imagine what's going on in toad's head
I have such a hard time getting in that pipe after cheating
Just now getting here. What happened to glitchless?
yeah I do too but I still have a hard time lol
Screw it and do rando? I like it!
That's almost go mode for 4, isn't it?
we should get the devs to replace slow go with 1 coin it will be more useful
Turn it into Attack FX F
Slow go is useful in chapter 3 if you're worried about waking the clubbas
I am doing incredible tonight ^_^ I planned and organized a my very first preschool graduation ceremony and it was tonight, and everything was absolutely perfect!
Oh and by the way' I told you that I smelled a PB yesterday! phanto274BLANKIES
The best part is my school age summer program ended today, the grad was today, so all the big things are over....now I can actually breathe and relax
No this is rando 100% Kappa
laki is behind the tree with the spear guy
Thank god chat was on the screen for that run
Is LP skip allowed in all cards? Since you don't ever touch the card
I don't think you actually picked up the seed
Don't forget to turn that badge on Kappa
so are panels only changed like that with panel logic?
you might need that feeling fine
dont forget the one single panel containing the last check you need for go mode
at least volcano won't be dipped just for panels
when glitched logic uses glitchless logic for fun
Laki is in the dizzy stomp chest
Laki in Shrink Stomp chest raysQ
Do shy guys just scale by 1hp per chapter?
You did see the pulse stone...
Do you have this trick enabled in logic?
Although I supposed it doesn't matter if you've seen Cake Mix
I wouldn't even do this with parakarry
Game expects you to beat the chapter glitchless
I'm almost ready for mario + rabbids sparks of hope. nearly done the dlc for kingdom battle
Game says no fun for you
Can you bombette push gourmet guy?
yo I accidentally hit verify run on your glitchless pb, just wanted to notify you of my mistake
this seed just doesn't want u to cheat
Mt. Rugged, Boo's Mansion or Volcano even
Is spook the same as a fright jar?
Mmm my favorite flavor star piece
can at least see the store in 3, yeah
What is your favorite chapter in rando?
fair amount of early upgrade blocks
Low-key I think Goombario is probably in the better half of partners for Lantern Ghost
Who needs a hammer upgrade when you can jump on everything
ultra hammer does speed up panel checks
Only goombario and bow can do multi hit
If you manage to get here without Bow or Watt, Goombario's probably the 3rd best for this fight
The odds of nothing being in prologue are pretty low tho
plus the room pass the 3 pipes
It's usually only 1 check I find in prologue that has something, and of course goomba king is that check sometimes
so what's your least favorite check to do? besides goomba king
Saving yoshis gives a few checks though
I rather do goomba king then the forest checks
You only have to save Red Yoshi for that check tho
oh, I thought kolorado was post 5
Yo is that thee Mr. Phantom5800?
Wasn't there a 3rd Fortress Key?
Wait I didn't notice Twink wasn't in that cutscene
I like that we got to see twink once before final
Just turn off shortened cutscenes Kappa
Throws controller because it was useless
No crashing through the floor today Sadge
so how about that snowmans gift
Wait what if you had to do Bow Skip to get Boo's Portrait monkaS
for a glitched seed, glitches haven't been big yet
we saving the yoshI's while we're here?
They could always be in Deep Jungle
hello :D been using the tracker, great work
when did you add the 3 letter thing to the tracker?
gatekeeping optimal tracking from us plebians smh
when you removing goombario off the tracker?
I've seen some of those... one of these days I'll work on that again lol
only 20 followers from your goal, gotta figure out that incentive!
auto tracker sounds like a nightmare to try to program
If I'm free sunday, I may think about that race
1 glundo day until sub 7
oh yeah the race on Sunday should I watch you or race hmmmm
I don't think I'd dnf, just possibly a 4 hour seed lol
One of these days I'll be able to play in a race again...
that's gonna depend on one of my friends, tho, cause we might be playing stardew
oh yeah I hate this trick now
I need to like actually practice this trick for randos its a weird feeling
I'm mainly bad at holding angles
If you land in the lower loading zone I'm guessing its just bad angles
beside that jump that trick doesn't look too bad
are you bombette pushing or something
I might try it next time I do a rando but with laki
did you ever find that laki clip for not needing parakarry at buzzar
I think I remember someone posting it
I randomly remembered today that I am getting my first tattoo on Monday
so I discovered a dk64 randomizer
Icarus flying with the words Break Free underneath on my left shoulder
You obviously need them for LP Kappa
glitched logic no cheating allowed phanto274Shrug hey the seed said it not me
Hello! How are you? Buy followers , viewers and primes on yourfollowz. com
I haven't had one of them bots in a loooooooong time
I have email verif on, and that's it
I prefer that twitch doesn't have my number
phone verif is definitely a bit much
just because of that I'm doing that everytime
Boo's Portrait deep in Crystal Palace YEP
I knew Fortress couldn't be empty considering how early you got 3 keys
Chapter 3 first gives you access to 6 and Snowmen
And Tubba's Castle is way faster than Crystal Palace
you gonna play more dark star this weekend?
Will the game expect you to break sewer blocks with boots?
For the one you'd be most interested in, you might be able to just jump from the pipe
2 might be last since pulse stone is late in logic but this is glitched logic so I don't know 100% how it work yet
no ive been trapped in a dorm for a week I'm rusty af
also how does one socialize with adults
Now you can full clear ruins WITHOUT glitches
are you sure this is glitched logic?
just level up fp and you can use it once
Does Prologue Jr even have defense?
Is it possible to glitch into the boss fight?
you can but you cant get the card
Makes sense. Didn't know if it was just hard or had technical issues.
pretty sure you cant leave the boss room either
I have to check the glitch video again
glitch logic or just bad seed?
I see you only have 3 keys though sassyv5Badboy
Yoooo how's it hangin jokehoMow just got off work.. logged 20,000 steps today Deadge
Beat 6, maybe the Palace Key is above the clouds Kappa
I suppose you can get that check w/o beating the chapter but you wouldn't have access to Rowf
Watch that be the Palace Key
You had too many Life Shrooms anyway
Kooper's Shell wasn't a trap, was it?
Wait why are there 2 chapter 2-scales?
Anoter inventory slot freed up COPIUM
Monstar. The most power thing in the universe
Looking forward to beating Bowser with 4 Fortress Keys in inventory
maybe if we get lucky you could try retrigger prologue
The Koopa Bros are in Bowser's Castle bc you stole all their keys and now they're locked out
Sometimes you have to waste Kooper's turn so you can bully the Duplighost
Well that's a middle finger to the face'
Let's hope Palace Key is here so you don't have to come back
It's extreme pain all over again phanto274Thonk
I took a break a while ago. I am done organizing my clothes that was in boxes so YAY progress
I still a lot to do but I'm happy with what I've done on my weekend cats4eWiggle
I go back to work tomorrow BabyRage
destiny 2 is dropping a new raid next Friday
yeah I hate it but I cant stop playing it
Do you have life shrooms left?
I know one of the Life Shrooms was in 7
I think they do base 2 at this scale
good question tbh I got nothing
I'm 100% buying a soccer ball there and going to the field at least once
Ima bring two pro-cons my switch/laptop and elgato
Mailbag was super early in logic
It's battery span is like 2 hours
I'm just hoping there is a practice room
glitch is like 80% setups tho fourthgenKEK
That was super early in logic too papeHands
Even then, Parakarry was in Rowf's Shop after 1 chapter
3? I thought it was just 1
Did you get the Mt. Rugged panel?
There's also a couple loose checks in 6
caught somewhere inbetween having taco bell for dinner, or a bowl of cereal. adulthood
At least I think you did, let me check
I don't remember you feeding him
I don't remember you feeding him either
Just get good at Gusty Gulch skip so you never need him raysY
has the rando devolved into CBT?
someone need to fine a glitch to get this without parakarry
How much worse is it when compared to say, Mt. Rugged Bub-ulb?
Well, I should go to bed, good night
Don't tempt me with a good time
12min late, but not too late
so I got better... but I might also just picked up COVID... shrimpsGeraldS
when you get hit, it drains energy based on how much dmg it reduced
It burns through all your SP while you have some instead of taking dmg
an actual use for star power lol
Imagine, it takes 8 turns to regen 1 bar of se for refresh
If you take 3 dmg, stellar shield reduces 1 dmg, means 1 turn worth of SE is drained
Stellar Shield kinda breaks the balance in early game
Is that in the current build?
Stellar Power, you can get after parakarry
means, it drains 3 turns worth
man Stellar Flowers had a big history
when I remember general guy being 5er bounceable back then empero125Thamz
that's so cheap bro, boooooo, I'm leafing
Mon, did you know about this sus
you must tell shade to patch it
casually I just did stone cap and bomb
meh, probably intended for you to do
remember, using refresh removes the +FP
refresh itself works kinda weird, ngl
refund is actually good for once
selling boo leaf is actually one of the best grinding methods to get coins
you might wanna see what the soda item does
you see once you get it :)
did you go get power rush yet?
since it was spoiled you could have done an over reaction
surely just a few more leaves
I still need to finish another run to make sure my route changes are good lol
equipping any curse badge's also work like peekaboo
did you see what bombette and kooper have in super rank
most people seeing it for the first time, thought he did -1 ATK
added the desert coins (with instructions on how to do the bandit lure, shout-outs to nater) among others so the coin routing is a bit different but it should make things better overall, also added power plus in place of all or nothing in places where we have the bp to spare, namely on LP
nothing major but it should make things smoother
I remember maining power smash as a kid because I could never land the jump commands
action commands actually lining up with animations DansGame
repel can be good with double dip I guess
I still miss my power bounce sometimes
so shooting star the goomba king? empero125Thamz
I thought he did in this too
bruh, you played the game so many times and failed this LuL
It's not as bad as glass Joe beating you
he only has one goal and it's to go fast
at least he never lost to glass Joe
If this was in japanese youd nail it
I'm guiding him, yes, jump on oopa
the classic was always power bomb, even here in hardmode
I mean who doesn't like nuking
If the game gives me the option to nuke, I HAVE TO USE IT
Don't grow addicted to it LuL
oh don't worry, I'm enjoying the stream
I tought you were gonna say to follow and subscribe if we liked that content
subscribe with TWITCH PRIME; FREE MONEY Kappa
1 like = 1 goombario saved in a rando
goombario's final attack is actually good in dse though for real
yeah but everything has def in this game
the badge which needed to get nerfed 5 times
It's just a shroom, nothing to worry about empero125Thamz
read what the potato does LuL
we need hustle drinks in rando I know you can start with 1 with random items
without double dip, hustle drink is kinda irrelevant in rando imo
you could snow doll on pyro guys
You got game overed? How bad?
YOU didnt fight anti guy Kappa
how much did Bow get paid to do your dirty work?
you let a woman slap the heck out of anti guy empero125Thamz
Get the ingredients to make Lemon Candy
lemon candy should've made a harder version of the fight start
I really enjoy the new enemy placements
I never seen a gold koopatrol. What's the purpose?
I had a cheesesteak sandwhich with grilled onions yesterday, the cheesesteak was good but the onions made it eh
Lmao, u actually used thunder rage
should of made him recover 25 hp after that attack
I just skipped him for now
russ t can live without his book
I hope there's an evil Ultra Shroom fight
Honestly, this is my first time seeing a different edition to this
What kind of shy guys are those?
I know DSE has console issues but I never got this
Prony0 can you post it in dse chat?
I can't believe you blocked with partner
I always thought lg was exactly vanilla lol
I was gonna say this mod starting too look a little easier but never mind
Why is the block all the way up there? LUL
makes things more difficult, but isn't so cringe like MQ empero125Thamz
Your art looks familiar. Did OhDee make it?
I wonder if u need watt do even get that
ram an enemy with holding watt
Ah cool, yeah he's an irl friend and I thought I recognized the pfp
phanto274Awoo phanto274Hype phanto274Rage phanto274Sip phanto274Thonk phanto274Facepalm phanto274Love phanto274Gaming phanto274King phanto274Snake phanto274Pog phanto274Ball phanto274Mash
Mash I think is my favorite
btw I dont know if youll want to stay on console, shield badges like last stand crash on console
sounds great for a 5hp playthrough pepeW
I didn't need any of the shield badges and only switched to emu in the endgame
lacks a quite some console support, but ye, wonder if he changes his mind on working on that
I think that if you fix every bug on console, emu should run fine with no bugs
The problem is often with float operations, they can explode on console if you arent careful but emus are not accurate so are mostly fine
What did I miss? I had to put in the next bundle
stellar power uses 3/8 per hit, not attack
Anti-Guy in the Boss Fight. Makes sense
This is Dark Star after all
using it with hammer/power jump moves, it's ideal
definitely not good for such a long fight
Did you pick up the def plus
this game becomes more of a cooking sim the further you get
@Phantom5800 I see those ellipses in the Quick Change so I'm curious. What did they change? LUL
It will trigger every even turn 100% all the time
golden shroom + cake mix empero125Thamz phantom, do it
The Baby Toad's dream is coming true in Dark Star
hiii, sad that I had to miss so much of this AMAZING mod, but I had to reverse some stuff in pso, so how tragic has it been?
In a good or bad "I need to grind" way?
you know idk what to say about it so we'll leave it as that
when rowf can't make jump charge appear
how late do you think youre on for tonight
I have 5 hours to kill
I'm off for tonight to prepare everything
Time to try everything out and see if it works.
Why did that do so much damage?
Maybe Spin Dash will come in handy after all. Kappa
my dad just barged in and goes, Guess what? I got my first follower on youtube! Me: only 1? Kappa
@Axl_Sensei Axl, please. Don't crush his dreams. LUL
I know, you gotta start somewhere but wouldnt celebrate over 1
watt needed a nerf hardcore, 1st you still will use watt to pierce def and gives more reason not to use watt on 0 def enemies
fine chat! I'll make him a cake to celebrate!
shroom cakes stack, if you're scared of using it twice
I cant wait for 3 of these a tonce
If only we had some anti guy fight practice before this Kappa
hows the routing been going? Kappa
It works on all of em beside anti
you could use bombette spin smash
lullaby the stable guys apparently turns them into shy guys
I think it slept them for 3 turns?
Fun fact: you can make happy's trigger twice in one turn with hustle
how much hp does he have btw?
Power Shock is the way to go, I guess.
Unless it stacks like Bow's Outta Sight does
you can status them more then once
that same applies to anti guy
I wouldnt recommend trying to power shock anti guy twice
Don't mind me, just lurking about watching Unfair Paper Mario
If you status them once, -50% on all statuses
We haven't even gotten to General Guy yet. Kappa
did that say plus 0 attack
don't remember him doing so much while having stellar shield LUL
I think I ended up tanking a lifeshroom in my 5hp
Also, whoever gifted me a sub, thank you. <3
Ig letters and see if you did all of quizmo up till now
you can get 6 from koots
lol, you can get enough from quizmo
21 star pieces in total, have all the answers written LUL
kinda wanted to do a rando, but its 7pm maybe tomorrow
do you drop exp in this?
drop exp is only a rando thing clover did
I think Thamz has made clover do this secretly smh
I really don't like losing xp in rando
rather, you lose time kinda by trying to runaway
ez money farming method unlocked :tf:
are full recoveries from lvl up's relevant in rando
I see Jcog drop HP to 5
In dse, you can drop your HP to 1
I'm so glad I started going danger
I dont remember the last time ive seen these shy guys
I actually forgot about the shyguys
Ok but when you beat this, do you do Luigi skip at the end?
only after ch4, you can get more star pieces after the luigi quest
the shyguy in the south shop cracked me up a bit
ahh, I mean after the merlee one
after ch4, you unlock 8 more question for quizmo
I love how I written that down
Whacka has had enough of being whacked.
final whacka is the true final boss
Whacka is the Grand Master. The Master in Toad Town goes to him for training
save you some trouble, 8 dmg
you kinda cheese Tubba with egg missiles itself
that was meant ffor discord KEKW
gonna need to fight goomba with goomba
Dare I ask, what's with the Pink Boo?
putting ch8 enemeies in ch3 what could go wrong
are these boos in the village friendly? cuz there are a lot more of them than I remember
why's there a sign in front of Tast T's?
No EXP for beating the grunts? bleh
just wait until the third anti guy Kappa
reloaded thr stream just for that lol
thought my stream froze then I saw your eyes just shift back and forth animej1Char
Heard the music, but saw the game froze
WE ARE STILL ON THIS OMG
It might be because of the smokes it makes when triggering
Iirc I think shade didn't know how to fix it
Mod creators....I think we discovered a bug
yeah but what if they made it crash on purpose to teach you a lesson?
probably something about the console not able to let the smole cloud smokes appear
"It's not a bug, it's a feature!"
I could check the speed run I know he use 5 hp for the whole game
literally just got here, I'unno wot's going on
cook a potato with fire flower to make frozen fries and use nutty cake to negate the -Atk, all you need to know :O
what's the closest you got to killing him?
20/50 in like 2-3 hours....oh boy
I mean, I used POwer bounce LUL
simply reset completely and grab power rush
nerfed power bounce might be useful in these trying times!
+1 dmg for the first strike
what if they lied and power bounce is good?
with turbo charge, 10 dmg for 6 fp /if Anti Guy is not paralyzed
If you use a nutty cake, even with para you deal 10 dmg for 6 fp
2 +PP +1 fs modifier +Turbo +item boost
or buy jump charge and stall until mario has +6
good thing, if you have jump charge stacks, using hammer won't remove it
used lullaby a lot to stall
I think 1 turn pass once when u and partner take turns
basically 3 turns of +1 atk kinda
Am I imagining things or did power bounce's 2nd hit go from 6 to 4?
This really is Unfair Paper Mario
Anti Guy doesn't jump a 2nd time when you have electrify
he does it when his on low health
Oh, I thought it did 20 on block
stone cap won't help you much
cuz it's only +9 def LuL
oh yeah stone cap is only plus 8 def
Oh neat. Someone gifted me a sub.
has someone done a walkthrough of this so you can know what was the solution?
meaning the emu sucks but we knew that already
Shrink is your best bet after paralyze imo
tbh idk but I would NOT have fun to solve this one
nerfed power bounce helps us in these trying times!
Boy would Mega Rush be great right now
In this mod? actually would shock me
We're figuring it out bit by bit
I'd rage quit so hard lol
I'm probably not gonna stick around the whole run/stream, for once. I wanna go keep watching the new episodes of Locke & Key.
It is not based on anything though, yes I will be pandentic on this slang being weird
only useful if he does his massive attack
Locke & Key has baited me in with cliff hangers and intrigue, and I'm hooked, much to my dismay.
one way would be to stall stack jump charges tbh, you can jump charge buy it in rowf shop rn
ooo I'll have to check it out
oh sheet theres an antiguy just chillin right there
he is chilling, until he has a turn
We need at least one life shroom
did you get all the 3 lifeshrooms in dry dry desert?
lifeshrooms are an unlimited resource in this
Idk about the cooking but they are
2 choices: Mystery cooking into a lifeshroom or get one where runway pay was in vanilla
mq and dse, lifeshroom recipe > sweet shroom, in dse you can cook one with mystery
Iirc you can also get a lifeshrom when beating goomba king EX a 2nd time
he doesn't do a lot of dmg iirc
does shroom cake work that way normally?
his main dmg source is the bulb, when that's gone, he won't deal more then 4 dmg
so the real boss was anti guy all along
It felt so wrong leaving the library in 2nd peach cutscene
Dark star soap cake % when?
Soap Cake reminds me of those Chills Top 15s
use only cleanser for the cake
I want my pizza to be done already
yes, you will need to beat them someday
the 30s timer is now frame perfect
replace every item you need to put in, for cleanser
get your phone and set the timer
when I played this when I was a kid I put the strawberries on before the cream and theres a different sprite for it and it was wrong
why do I feel like you need put one strawberry
Maybe you used the wrong cleanser
Ig it only works for the 1st and 2nd step
I wanna see peach sneaking by the super fast dark koopatrolls with the cake in hand
You need to buy all his badge's after ch6
Woah it's not Sunday, we fight LP today?
1st, acts like a power jump
2nd, you don't need ice power, it deals ice dmg
3rd, is basically chill out, but -2 instead of 3
also you can hit electrified enemies with it
Oh, that's your HP going away
Is the minus health cuz of the whale's stomach acid?
Bit early for a peril manip
Also, he's digging into the whale's body. WutFace
I see also not much logic why it works twice
does being paralyzed give them defence?
I mean, his a joke boss
Dumb question' what's the difference between dark star and master quest?
the camo guy can take away your abilities
can fuzzipede take away your 3 item/jump/hammer ability?
like spy guy, when he attacks you, you lose one ability?
If he hammers you and you dont blovk
I don't remember this in vanilla
sushi is a really wear name for a fish
was he there the whole time?
the "then" make me think if everyone dies then you still win
dunno, I want it removed but he didn't wanted to
one jump is enough to kill it iirc, it has 4 HP LUL
At least you don't have to get sushie
that is a reason, why you tattle
Have you seen the bee movie? They fly fast. Might've dodged some stars
You get to be a hero... twice!
also 7, you have to deal exactly the dmg equal to it's current health
I mean, the tattle says it
think it like that, tattle wants you to think like that, to make you suffer and say, told you so empero125Thamz
I assume it was auto selecting the partner for the area I never noticed it elsewhere
Looked away, did you get star piece in water?
quick jump, more like late jump
you can tell poison breath vs chomp by how far away from you they stop
I can't wait for the 4 plant and 2 magikoopa fight
which plnats? I don't know any empero125Thamz
they're slightly further away when theyre doing poison breath
What if he got more hp when he transformed?
boo leaf saves the day again
Also getting that juicy xp before LP
Leaf and mystery for a possible repel gel?
Can you give a mistake to the yoshi?
"do it coward. ice won't give me 90 seconds of literally just need twice the D"
So, there was a food place by me in college called D.P. Dough, and they gave out stickers that said exactly what you think they did.
no way you get into the volcano today
unless you stream 3h more hours I think
Do' do tattles not take his turn in vanilla?
you won't get past the U stone that easy :P
Oh ok thank god. Didn't actually black out when playing as a kid
better then Jelly Ultra, if cooked
Concussions haven't been tooo bad yet
Is that what I think it is
whenever I'm dizzy, I also rub my face on a pole repeatedly
Qutta sight won't help you empero125Thamz
Jade Jungle doesn't play any games
chill out can help since his attack his multi hit
I'd say his rly difficult, even for my standards
Farming coconuts for Life Shrooms. Smart
that strawberry is legit the item from ch4 peach intermission
with some prep this fight is actually free
spotify just rick rolled me !!!!
Why would you assume cutscenes are a safe space in DSE
Can't wait for it to respawn and get you
It's a creative way to force a fight
So this is Anti Guy if he knew Guerilla Tactics
So... Stone Cap got nerfed. LUL
does chill out stack with frigid stomp?
Was fine except for the bow woopsie
I just did a variant of the boo leaf strat lmao
That was pretty PogChamp of him to throw like that.
It's Dark Star. I wouldn't be surprised.
the satisfied feeling of beating an obstacle
too hard :P -he answered for fixing shield issue
he jumps into lava himself multimple times
Also what all do you need me to bring setup wise for our room at 2dcon
I asked him and he said ask you LMAO
Cause I can bring my good large one
Yea it might be best to bring more than less then
Mega Bonk 10 Dmg 8 fp
basically mega jump, doesn't pierce def
Multibonk too op for CK and hallway JR
that looked like a scripted fight for a sec
Mega Bolt does 7 dmg for 7 fp btw, which I probably guess you upgrade either bow or watt
Been lurking but only 2 deaths so far in chp 5? Legit!
You should've seen it faster lmao
That spike top sure is in a diff spot
Shrink Bomb is the worst move
4 dmg to all enemies +shrink
Tidal Wave costs 9 fp and dmg is vanilla, so start cycle smashing LUL
I usually get 7 without the mash
Bow Curse can weaken also elemental weaknesses
Lava Piranha. It's time to see how OP they are.
It's not something it was supposely do
7 inputs on water weak enemies, to make it worth the cost
also Sushi causes chill out for 1 turn with -1 atk
that will be not the first time you will WANT to refresh
cause what's coming next will not be your liking
refresh very good in this fight
-3 def per turn, doesnt stay down, double block action command
At least the Buds stay down
getting the partner block is absolutely vital lol
do you have dodge master equipped
you need Snow Dolls and probably hustle/mini sodas
to you getting obliterated by LP
Now you get to walk all the way out :)
youre close to level up if that helps
dunno if it's unpiercable def when both buds are out
does lp second phase have def
wait I forgor its on fire too
learn tidal wave mash cycle to beat LP
yeah it takes a lot of practice to get good at, and even then its a bit rng
Is Water Block good in this game?
1 fp tidal wave next rando
I've had my fair share of 14 damage tidal waves
what the hell did you do?
but what did you for the ch4 one?
Ice/water dmg attacks removes the fire they have
how was the one in ch5 btw?
Double Dip is coming in clutch right now
7 TURNS WTF IS WRONG WITH HIM?
AND NOW 2 ANTI GUY APPEARS!
Now go back up and skip him anyway
officially further than ive made it HYPERCLAP
This fight took me a long time but I didn't realise refresh removed stats debuffs at the time
You will need to grind a lot of coins offscreen to buy out Rowf probably
so I just add to rush LP like a madman and block every attack
Mega Quake is buyable after ch5
will the game kill you before you get to save though??
there are good grind setups with curse badges in ch6
You might need to buy mega quake though
and ya need coins for that
sway is on pape with RAC splits open PauseFish
OMG ARE THEY GOING TO CHANGE THE QUESTIONS?
And they certainly are on patrol
Plot Twist: You have to get all the questions right
was the anti guy in ch5 hard?
If you need coins btw, yellow yoshi gives golden melons in DSE
so 500coins for a batch of fried shrooms
2 attempts? Not bad at all
Sway walked up and did bhs on 2nd try lol
When was the last time he played 64
What am I gonna do for the rest of the night now
Sway is gonna show a nice rac Flushed
Golden melons give 75 coins each
also you can cook the OP item in the game with it, one of the best
you can give that yellow yoshi fried shrooms
oh wait, you have an entire week need to work right?
Do whatever sounds most fun!! (But I love glitchless lol)
This emote is great for mobile viewers
I'm boutta leave for the fgc weekly
I have the week off. I've spent all day in bed so far lol
I'm good, gonna fire up a rando seed soon. I need to play something other than colonel LUL
I woke up an hour ago so I feel that
I think I got to sleep around 6
If I didn't work I don't think I would ever sleep before 3am
I didn't make the tier list, I'm in a league of my own I suppose jokehoDespair
I was dead whenever the tier list started so it wasnt that thorough lol
I went to bed at 3am, was too excited to sleep
You seemed tired af lol XD
So the fuzzies gave you a trap, and then they're like 'oh actually we want it back'???
Idk when I'm getting there on thursday
I'm bugging jibca about it tonight
I work until 2pm so like 5 at the earliest probably
I'm already on the report streamer page
Is that only on the dev branch?
It'll get pushed as is next release, to get a lot more feedback
Ok time to be gone till midnight have fun with prologue
Thx phantom nice of you to say <3
midwest speedfest? where in the midwest clintT
I dont count Minnesota as midwest so that name is inaccurate :)
too north mid to be true mid
Everything is so far from me cats4eFine colorado speedfest when
Yeah that's ass BabyRage time to start saving for when I wanna go meet speedfrens
washington is literally farther than minnesota
Items tossed by NPCs or chests due to full inventory should never despawn
AYO? We need some organizers to hop on it. Colorado is awesome and CENTRAL
I got some friends in colorado I could make go to that speedfest. Plus colorado I've heard is actually kinda nice
Yeah they live there for..... uh.... legal reasons
I look on google maps and washington is 1,300 miles away and minnesota is 900 some miles away
Willis from digimon the movie is from Colorado
Louisiana to Colorado is 1200 miles tghSad
Why is the united states so big clintB I wanna see muh frens
I just hate living in the south, I don't ever get to see my friends cause they all live in places better than me
I sweat opening my front door
oh god I cant handle humidity
PLEASE COME REMOVE ME FROM THIS LIFE
has PhantoBot say anything unusual yet?
Oh phantom did you watch the seed I had
It's so nice and dry here. I would send you some dryness if I could cats4eSad
Where I had to hit the block 10 times....
It had 2 required key items
It was my first ever hammerless
@PerMitzi I have no idea what anything lower than 70% humidity D:
I was at work I missed it clintB
If you live in Louisiana for longer than a year you develop gills
I think if you are used to humidity the dryness can be pretty jarring clintT oh and the elevation.
I'm always altitude training cats4eWiggle muh whole life
I mean, when I went to Minnesota for SGDQ
@Phantom5800 M O I S T
When I went to florida I got heat rash really bad
I am unable and unwilling to adapt to humidity
If you aren't used to it, it's really hard to adapt too
mail this back to me in a week
I feel like no one adapts to humidity, you just accept a life of suffering LUL
I've had to accept it since the day I was born iceblueSad
never knew that was a problem
Some of us didn't have a choice
I was lucky to spawn in colorado shoosh4Hypers
I did not know this clintNotes
I now have a bot in my channel that does that
tell your bot not to come hang out in my chat
my entire community is horny posting
I can't wait for the bot to eventually say sNeed
I can't wait for the bot to eventually say NFT
write two sentences using the word sNeed Ohrocks
I made a commitment to say sNeed instead of seed cause I think it's funnier. stickshamRiku1a stickshamRiku1b
do it standing on one leg too
just like 3 rooms over lol
phantom did you see the watermelon explode last night
that shit went on my ceiling
they were locked up for using the word sNeed instead of sNeed.
It slow exploded at first but then oh my
there is but I'm on mobile
do I need permission to post links clintT
Isn't there a buy follows command?
wanna become F A M O U S?
so glad I haven't seen one of those in forever
no no.... I don't think I will do that
I don't ever want to mount any viewers
I feel like if I went to mount viewers dot com, I'd be introduced to some weird fetishes
damn there's no prime shill command
Koopa bros fortress was actually useful this time! phanto274BLANKIES
you have time to make slots but no prime?
what are the slots for, anyways
for midwest will there be a goombario bidwar?
oh yeah, how was dark star on saturday?
It's fuzzies but available at the push of some keys on a keyboard.
so dark star rando when? jk
just don't crash using it stickshamGaslight
more def at the cost of your save
Is this normal or glitched logic?
when is the all glitched logic run
'I turned of x because I don't want to do x' lol
Is raph skip one of the glitch u can turn on?
make kolorado always spawn getting beat up
I didn't even know about getting soft locked there until u told us
why is that your response to DFW?
that shop is the definition of "you've got mail"
that just gave me an idea
walk into a pawn and try to sell your mail LMAO
why would you want to fight anything in a Paper Mario game?
Is double DOUBLEWEED an emote here?
as long as we can avoid super
whenever I do coinsanity I forget the two coins on that flower fan thingy by the whale
what did I miss my internet crash
just need to find that sparky gal
do we know when full gear shuffle hits public?
sadge, I really wanna try it
the next public release is gonna be huge
I'm so excited to not have to bug phantom for seeds
I would do full gear shuffle if there was a setting where you could guarantee the big chests had progression items
I prefer the full random tbh
routing toward big chests feels less rando to me
I was thinking about a way to do it--do a full rando and then swap items in the same sphere as the big chests
phantom calls my idea naive: BibleThump
I'm waiting for the off chance, like the super minimal chance, that some how everything is vanilla
Is it even possible to spin jump on these guys in overworld
I always miss with ultra boots when I'm standing on top of them
when I have gotten first strike with tornado jump, its felt like I landed on the ground and then did another little hop that landed on the enemy, but it counted as a tornado first strike
Hey Phantom, what emulator are you playing on?
I dont think I've had a seed yet where power bomb, mega bomb, and the quake badges were all expensive
don't use project 64 like me
how do you play a rando on console?
the ever drive is emulating a cartridge
you can watch spongebob on everdrive
you can watch spongebob in a gif
everdrive is basically the equivalent of a writable dvd, but for cartridge consoles
which everdrive do you have for n64?
so you cant just turn it off?
actually, an everdrive would be great for oot rando too
like if you are doing pape rando, you can reload an in game save from a game over just fine. Its when you actually power it off. I say this as someone with the X5
could probably do the same with MM rando
I got my expansion pak with dk64 back in the day
does oot rando work fully on ED?
Ive always heard altering sounds on console is hard
I got an expansion from ebay for 40 bucks, and it didnt work for me. I got impacient and went to a retro game store and spend 65 on one that did work.
everyone I know that do oot rando use wii
mm rando adding other game music is so sick
I thought about getting the snes, but honestly therre isnt much I'm interested to play on it
phantom is begging to get mugged Kappa
I havve physical versions of emerald and fire red
I still have the box for emerald
fire red was more of a gift, fren let me borrow it. Went to return it cause I was moving and he let me just keep it
dont they specify emu and version of it?
Isnt there some slight differences in loads being slower or something
the real cartage is allowed right?
how can they prove everdrive vs original cart anyway?
but you just said everyhing is exactly identical
Are you nervous about the coming event?
timing from power on console, yeah?
pape is banned from running everdrive too
the muscle memory I had for sm64 messed with my pape runs starting
I'd hit start on my splits and reset my console at the file select lol
emu runs as well or just everdrive?
more accessibility would be great for this game
If emu is allowed it would be hidden by default or separated somehow
change "all" to "all consoles" -> profit
uhm actually emulator is allowed in my definition of the leaderboards, so I'll just improvise it
honestly I'm indifferent but I'd kinda be down with star rod
star rod timing for hundo would be great for verification I agree
star rod is still arms, just different arms
yeah we usually do something like that
I don't even speed run but I agree on star rod timing
the people who come out to these discussions
fine I'll turn notifications on for it
It's like that meme of Patrick saying, "who are you people!?"
"I don't care about the topic and have never run, but my opinion is the most important."
Mario HATES pocket watches. ESPECIALLY if they stop time.
oh you already killed him nvm
thats quite a mouthful of a name!
my favorite speedrunner is named Tacoguyy! (it's spelled with two 'Y's, remember that) Tacoguyy is a pretty cool guy cause he posts weedMario and that's really based of him to do although I wished he posted more weedLuigi from time to time... what does have to do with speedrunning? Nothing at all! :^)
so youre going to show it off now right
Imagine doing lpoob instead of lpib
can we just keep saying lpoob tho
know15: can we just keep saying lpoob tho
Starry_Arie: know15: can we just keep saying lpoob tho
god I love all the new palettes
I'm currently testing out doing oot rando on wii
Bubblegum Watt is one of my favorites. LUL
way better than the orange one
Is it possible to do rando on the switch?
Everything is going according to plan. Kappa
nice theres no bonus anti guy here
Dodge Master increases your cap range?
holy crap, it's a process to set up
but at least once I have everything ready, it takes like 2 minutes
The star spirit song makes me so sleepy
hiii so my pso tas map rng stuff is going very well, possibly will be ready soon too!
been learning unit testing and github actions too
also I used rider for the first time in a project, it's INSANE, this IDE is like it brings tears to my eyes
like I wanted to put csv files to have test data THE THING HAS A BUILT IN CSV EDITOR WITH FORMAT OPTIONS THAT ACTUALLY MAKES THE FILE FORMAT CORRECTLY!
there's so much more like an interactive rebase UI that's actually better than the cli way, the suggestions are AMAZING I am learning about fancy C# stuff
like if you ever asked is it worth to pay this much, IT IS
I see we're on dev; what options are you using?
this is very likely blue key required seed
there was a magical seed behind blue door
red key behind master 3 monkaW
TIL my school partnered with epic games to give us gaming pcs
there was a magical seed in the cavern ourside on mirror
Yo let me enroll there real quick
I know what the thing is I think
go jump on some spikes for a bit
My ears perked up for a sec then I was like oh' other J lmao
But glad to see some rando!
are you excited for your run in Minnesota?
You didn't save the Yoshis? :(
are you gonna do a all sanity seed soon?
are you on bp pace you think?
It was a great seed last night
been so long since I did a seed myself
Just make all the bosses lv. 7. Easy fix. You'll never have to worry about XP again. LUL
does he transform based on turn count or
has koopa village legalized public nudity?
I guess after the fuzzy incident, they got over it
I support Kooper in his new life choice. <3
No, your 1 star point. :(
Sell your life shrooms. You'll have plenty of money. Kappa
gonna start referring to emulators as "the laptop" now
wtf is the weight doing there?! l0l
Would Fire Shield over Charge help at all?
I guess you could say you got a lot of "weight" on your shoulders fighting Bowser.
how does it work on jp?
us EN folks always getting the nerfed fights
Def only goes up by 3?
can't even blame Square on this one. Final Fantasy USA (Mystic Quest) anyone?
no lies, Mystic Quest was actually my first exposure to the Final Fantasy series
I still remember the boss theme very well
and treants performing Full Nelson on me
same for me and ebay because...very long story with my life lol
If it was in 2010 you can say you were investing
I still have my SNES and not even NOA Repair can fix it :(
I'm still waiting on the day I go to a garage sale and stumble on a box of games
"yo dawg, you got the stuff?"
find a bug fables CE 0_o
Meeting at Target? A very well-lit place? Nah, too shady. Let's go behind the alleyway instead. LUL
It's a good thing we don't have targets here then!
I blocked lightning one time in my life. LUL
@ScrambledDragons yeah, me too. on the first time I beat this game only.
will I remember what it is or be completely clueless? idk!
@Tio_Marshal The one other time I realized he was doing it, I didn't block it and I died. LUL
took a while to realise it
now you can boot up fp on wii and show everyone the super cool fire flower crash Kappa
ttyd does not have this sadly :(
don't mind us, we just jammin
run the same one back for a sub 230
27483 isn't getting any votes. :(
I said 27, and voted for 24. l0l
This is where the chat divides
I can be the tiebreaker :)
looks like you'll just have to do them both
my dog wants to vote too
alright just pause the poll I'll login to my 4 alt accounts
my entire family of 9 wants to vote
@Official_Vladimir_Lenin 2 vote 161 and the other 2 248. Kappa
At this point, do a coin flip. LUL
I like the powers of 2 at the begining of 24856
but 16167 has the nice repeated 16's
If only there was a 16 somewhere. Oh wait
You can't really sing from a cookbook. LUL
An Ultra AND a Jelly! PogChamp
yall wanna see a puppy picture of my dog from 2010
kali is worth the time loss
he look like he seen a ghost oh wait
oh yo idk if it got back to you om sure you're aware
but the tracker needs to be updated from the last time I used it like a week ago that it always assumes progressive blocks
oh np take your Time just making sure you're aware
you're volunteers I just appreciate you do any of this at all xoparLove
how many checks in cheeto are worth doing usually
I always get em all cuz I start with 999 if I'm doing a solo seed cuz fuck coin management KEKW
oh you doing a glitchy glitch or is he moved
how free is this stuff cuz honestly I don't wanna put a ton of time learning tricks but I'm willing to put in some
I do odd key early and super hammer without parakerry and that's about it
Who need physics when you can ride a cloud?
only thing I haven't tired is early toy box and store room
Is there a rando for TTYD?
I should continue playing that game
Ima play it I have it physically lol
like the loading zine could be fun thinking like oot beta quest but idk if that works for ttyd
I kinda wanna play vanilla again it's been several years just to find out where all the vanilla shit is LUL
I was gonna pick it up like a couple years back
but I was told wii vc was ass and I didn't have access to another version
I was told tricks were really different
yeah it was English cuz I actually legally bought it in the wii shop WAY back in the day
I mean I wasn't going for a competitive time I learn runs for fun and my own self satisfaction
best badge in the game right there
oh more glitchy glitches idk about I see swifPout
oh fuck it's that easy LUL
I'm getting the sense you need him for a lot of shit
Ohrocks calls seeds "sNeeds" and wanted the bot to say it lmao
good thing you got fire shield
you have hammer and boots rando?
I think the slight notch push really helped me for this
But you can already skip all of those keys
I was gonna say, why you saving the Thunder Bolt
Zap Tap blocked by Electro Blooper is slightly funny
And that's why it was sub 3. LUL
well this is the first time it registered in muh brain
I was afk doing chores and stuffs
That was quite the stash. Kappa
Most of them being star pieces
the new settings make star pieces more valuable potentially
you could need up to 60 it seems?
did you go to merlow this seed already? I dipped for a bit
I hope that cake doesnt hurt me later on in my shift cats4eWiggle
I want ice cream really bad, but my tummy won't like me because I'm lactose intolerant
I mean... that doesnt stop most people
Don't leave Bow behind this time
this is true. because I'm still going to have ice cream.
only 69,405,000 tokens until elite smash you better get warmed up
Also wow this room is stacked
In the mountainous desert of all places
Every check in that room a key item?
can we pool our channel points to get to the smash goal faster?
Keep in mind that one room had more stuff than Merlow did.
I'm saving my channel points. Kappa
I think everyone is saving for 30k lol
Vanilla and lime doesn't go well together >_<
that or 75k I just don't know what game you wouldn't mind playing casual. ya know?
@grudge_maxx Not with that attitude. LUL
Moustafa thanks you for the dried shroom and dusty hammer. They're his favorite things to eat. Kappa
what about a casual play through of this game? just chillin, no speed run? probably be quite the challenge for you. lol
What do you mean? This is casual. Kappa
sorry I'm so slow with my typing/responses. I watch on my phone. my computer took a shit.
How did Tayce T's frying pan end up in the desert?
I just noticed we have dusty bombette
Inb4 Ch. 4 is scaled to Lv. 7
you don't have the cake to feed big boi!!
Hello! jcogWave how's the rando so far?
I dont play with traps cuz I get too attached to items once I see them
see if I play with traps... even if I know it's a trap imma run into it cause what if it isnt Kappa
I think there needs to be a setting beyond plenty
"anything thats no progression is a trap"
that'd actually be kinda interesting exactly one time
You can never trust a coin block ever again.
Oops, all traps + Glitch logic
alright it's off to work I go. Best of luck with the sneed
I'm now eating ice cream. rip my tummy.
what NO I'm a lover not a fighter
you should make a channel point redeem thingy to play the slot machine
50k to save yoshi kids next rando
that would be annoying if someone redeemed it while you're at Crystal palace or something and you have to go all the way here. lol
btw. this ice cream is bomb.
a vanilla drumstick with the nuts on top.
unfortunately not this one. but those are really good too.
It's in the freezer. so yes. next time.
I usually only have ice cream when I go over to my friend's house and he gets drunk enough to order ice cream from the nearby bodega
l0l. that just sounds like something I'd do when I'm drunk. lmao
I might learn the shop clip but not how to get out tbh
I took a break earlier to do other stuff, but I got oot rando to work on the wii!
less resources for my pc to worry about
I mean, for now I'll still do the one I already have on emu, but next ones will be through wii
the hardest part was figuring out how the wad manager thing works
and which manager would actually work
didnt even have to pay 50k EZ
Why'd you say my name backwards? Kappa
also, loving the ice mario look
Don't ever take Kooper for granted.
after watching Rick n morty, I say "take for granite" lol
trying to see what other randos I can do on wii besides oot and mm
He can hear colors? Bot, what are you smoking?
me when I hear green ICANT
Sends all the speedrunners running for the hills.
I GOT MY TATTOO! I have to wait to show it off though
Make sure tohit that box, it looks sus
Ultra Stone in the Koopa Bros Fortress. LUL
I got one from Raph once
I'm curious, do you actually think it's faster to follow the trap block as opposed to just blowing up the wall from outside?
So they originally scheduled me to host for Pape Glitchless but I couldn't because of work but I would have totally done so
I usually do them in a different order, so Bombette, Pit, Refund
Does anyone here use retrotink? I'm looking at getting one
why retrotink vs an RCA to HDMI converter
Blowing up the wall outside saves some cutscene time
God, the tattoo feels like a sunburn
I love how bombette walks backwards
At least we get to hear one of the best songs for a while
I thought you had green blue orange yellow
koopa colors is my favorite part phanto274Hype
Hello!! I found your VODS on YouTube and have been binge watching them. You got me into finally playing PM rando
You can go with either Paige or Mae haha
that's how I know about it
Its because I watched you do it before... =P
Ive never seen this be good but I always check it
and you cant go below the wood boards
dude I am learning github actions, this thing is amazing, why have I been doing my builds manually like a caveman?
I haven't gotten a haircut since 2020
I shaved my head in march 2020
with shaving cream and a razor
but since its not replinishable its technically not in logic?
Bombette been greedy af about FP lately
and magical seed would mean your trek to shiver mountain wasnt in vain
A big ass dragon at a bunch of people so I beat him up
now you can beat ch5 :)
I think github actions is like I am spending a ton of time rn to setup the file, but once I do I litterally pluck it in any projects and never think about it!
Is there a way to move faster(like the spin thing in this game)in TTYD
How do the bot quotes even work
Hey hey! Just finished my first Glitchless run :D
Yeah, I just died in Ch 5 three times so I had to do Cake Peach Scene like 4 times lmaoo
Well I just suck lol mine was laround 8 phanto274Shrug
Yeah, I just need to get lucky and gold every spit lol
did you follow a route or just wing it
also lp sucks on switch ;-;
I used the google doc route
Got to put the baby down. Gl bro catch you next time
Oh really? Ok I gotta do that then
and people are paying 50 bucks a year for that Kappa
you have goombario but not watt? thats crazyyyy
could always be a goombario trap
Is that a unique sprite?? haha
can we get that as an emote
It is a ghost after all
but technically you shouldnt have the ruins key still!
super blooper probably has another ruins key
the one you got from gourmet guy
you got a cake from goombella
Is that normal health for blooper at that stage? seems like a lot
also just noticed we're ice mario
super boots behind super blooper it just makes sense
Just like Zap Tap was behind Electro Blooper!
Was there something important in Prologue?
Wanna become famous? Buy viewers, followers and primes on viewers. shop (viewers. shop)
damn I was too slow to ban
Mr Hero was a gamer, they probably could've stayed
@1STSTAR__ you wanna join mr hero
But this man jumped into thin air and landed in the ruins
Mr Hero Gamer is a real one
the loading zone is just always there
can you jump into the air and go into ruins? I don't think so buckO!
you can use ultra boots or laki to get up there
Did you see the spin setup I found?
oh, I thought ive seen you do it
dude it's so cool to see your thing being cross built on 3 platforms and having the zips immediately!
like the same way you get up on to the bubble berry platofrm
It gives 2 extra frames to make the jump if you find the timing hard
my bad, thought I saw you do it
ohhh I'm talking about getting into the ruins, not ruins jumo
If you have numerical values for that, I might want to see at some point to see how your notch compares with my stats
Did you do Crystal Palace already?
the ultra boots block on shiver mountain is a badge
I can make you speedrun a new game soon lmao
you should make him speedrun bug fables
I'm like halfway to 30k already
I'd be closer if I was subbed, and didn't blow most of it on Good RNG
Ive lost all my points a couple times
you're saying I could've refunded myself for all that Good RNG?
Is the onc check inchapter 3 faster?
did you sleep at the inn
You did go back for the Sushie room stuff, Boo's Portrait was there
Aight done with homework, what I miss
Magical Seed is best case, Lunar Stone or Tubba Key probably means Rowf
And Scarf means Snowmen I guess
you have to upload this gross seed to youtube
kooper, seed, key, lunar stone, and palace key all at the inn
(I dont know what this does)
I don't know how that's even possible
Oh does the scarf open up the castle
I remember being so confused about the inn checks when I started randos
I thought you had to sleep 3 times or something to spawn the extra items
You can now go to chapter 6 lol
The snowman had it the entire time
I will convert everyone to say sNeed and drink Baja Blast
And now you beat 6 and get go mode YEP
so sNeed can refer to both a magical seed and a rando seed?
What are the odds you DON'T find everything you need here?
still the one check in ch3
I JUST WANT SOMETHING IN CLOUDY CLIMB
I had Weight in Cloudy Climb once before Big Chest Shuffle, that was fun
By a couple you mean a kooper
Good thing you did moles monkaS
Also lol Yellow Berry right there
Is that a tubba castle key
We don't talk about the blue key
why would you think I'm a Rando Randy sNeed?
yo phantom I've seen you on YT, cool to finally catch a stream live
This seed loves making you backtrack, huh?
true but 3 wouldn't be enough
My 6th period teacher just told me via a class discord that he plays smash and asked me why I play rosa
too many. you need an even number of lobsters so each one has a budy
Is there a point to talking to the sun
Ive seen some really bad conditions in lobster tanks where theyre stacked on top of each other like 5 deep =(
does the flying turtle have the ground turtle
PhantoBot is still trying to learn to make a sentence that actually makes sense.
@buff00n I was planning on timing him out lol
talking to the sun triggers laki fight
Since you're Ice Mario, you have to at least equip Ice Power to make it official. Kappa @Phantom5800
Let's hope you don't find 4th Ruins Key after beating 2
4th ruins key in kolorodo tree
Also why is kolo's dead dad in hooktails castle
Inching closer and closer to 500 followers!
On the bright side' you're almost at 500 followers!
You guys read my mind lol
Huff N' Puff was definitely just full of air this seed
phantom I found a seed lmfao
on only my 2nd try today
All we need is one more key.
definitely worth watching the vod later
that's definitely a different kind of funny
no fighting bowser until my guy goombario is found
I looked away for a couple mins and now you got kooper' lol where was he?
like the valiant hero he is
@1STSTAR__ a little fear's good for the lad.
show 'em what an adventure's like
I think yellow luigi is the best luigi color
when's Luigi gonna be a party member
the red luigi palette makes me uncomfortable
red luigi and green mario in the same seed
"Mario vs Luigi" PRETTY sure there's a romhack about that
SPM but not until like Chapter 7 OMEGALUL
Luigi will be a partner in 7 years of Paper 64's release
Fire Flower in the Ice Palace? Someone was trying to stay warm.
lol "is that go mode? what is even happening"
It's a shame you have to wait until chapter 7 to fight Luigi
at least you can warm up with the mystery Mr. L
play SPM everyone, it's the last "good" paper mario
It means you can kinda murder someone
I'd argue Origami King is "good"
we dont talk about sticker star
you mean you don't like fighting colored pencils???
again, I'd love the new Paper Mario's if they removed the battle system
No one's played Color Splash bc it's on Wii U so hardly anyone has valid opinions (I haven't played it either)
lemme jump and bop stuff with my hammer
I still remember the moment I jumped on a goomba in SPM and it didnt start an RPG battle and I was devastated
I remember getting spm for christmas and my parents were pissed when I told them I beat it two days later
By that do you mean not at all
I don't remember what I thought, but I liked SPM
I'm so close to playing through it again
I remember running through the 2nd pit of 100 trials, praying for a level up to refill my hp
I played SPM twice bc my file got pseudo-softlocked in Chapter 8
I would have liked it a lot more if my expectations of the genre werent set by 64 and ttyd, but its a great game
Color Splash and Origami King aren't bad, but they just aren't games I can get into.
pit music has no reason being that good
not good at the parts of Paper Mario games that people like
It's not about the art style, it's honestly about the gameplay for me.
as a kid I struggled with this boss because I had no idea wtf I was doing lol
Color splash and Origami king look incredible IMO
seeing you kill him before he can even attack makes me cry
I love art-style. I'm not a fan of how they decided there can't be unique characters
my 7 year old self could not for the life of me figure out lantern ghost. I just kept. Attacking. The. Lantern.
@OhDeeTV that was huff n puff for me lmao
we will never get another rogueport
Some higher up said "There's not enough Toads" and now there's nothing but male toads. LUL
the fact that toad town is over 20 years old and still a clear top 2 hub world says a lot
toads are just easier and cheaper, cookie cutter, no creativity required
ttyd was probably the most adventurous world outside the mushroom kingdom we'll ever see. ttyd had more visually unique zones than odyssey
"Toads reproduce asexually now" hence, all the toads in recent PM games
It's obvious that they cut corners
be like the M&L series. good games that slowly declined only to die.
look at the toads in the glitzville
I bet she has a secret
Rougeport's cool cuz when Mario first shows up, and no one gives a shit cuz no one knows or cares who Mario is
We'll never see Toads like that ever again.
please tell me I did not just hear "the hot toad"
Also, Toadles is another creative toad design
also club 64 in this game. Thats what defines a good paper mario game. Does it have a bar
We can't have old toads anymore apparently
The Master is a Toad as well
gotta break into nintendo hq and free toadsworth
The Sailor Bob-omb in Chapter 5 who challenges the captain to hammers, at dawn
how tf would the Bob-omb dude even have swung the hammer
free kammy koopa too. I know she's similar to kamek but kammy was so funny
And it's not just Toads they did that too either. They did it to Bob-Ombs, Koopas, etc.
while we're at it free the koopa kids from mario party 4-6
Fun fact if it hasn't been mentioned yet: the Master and Tayce T. are siblings
koopa kid vs baby bowser vs bowser jr
Was Paper Mario the first Mario game to have friendly Goombas and Koopas???
damn, that's quite the heart attack
@buff00n I see what you did there. Kappa
I haven't played color splash probably never would
don't have my wii u anymore
I watched playthroughs of Sticker Star, Color Splash, and Origami King.
Honestly, it wasn't something I could get into.
Let's pick up gombario and use him against bowser PogChamp
Next update: "Shorten Bowser's Castle" removes that room
Room Sucks 2: The Room With No Door
waiting for the YouTube upload where the video ends less than a minute cuz you rolled Goombario at the start
Shooting Star Summit straight to Final!
Shooting Star Summit straight to credits Kappa
first progression item straight to credits
You touch the last card and you instantly go into the Jr Fight in Bowser's Castle
Time to fold the big lizard
using a jammin jelly to restore 2fp? outrageous
It would've been even more of a power play if he threw the jammin jelly away. Kappa
I haven't played XC3, or seen much of it, but I can confidently say that Eunie would say "fuck" if she wasn't in a Nintendo game
I would like to find a gombario and feeling fine throw pillow just to give them to you SeriousSloth
I would be very excited if I had a sub 4 rando playthrough
also, she'd 100% take the piss outta the XC2 cast's clothing
You should keep track of your "personal worst" in addition to your pb
that was basically your average, right?
Can you show your angle rq before I go to bed?
Did you play the Dark Star mod?
Day 2 of college, an essay due next week :)
Chapter 1 of this book is 45 pages too wtf
you uploading the run from mwsf right?
ok cuz I cant catch it live
have sushie belly flop the whale
My hammerless + full gear shuffle seeds always like to give me early super boots
Get the coin for 60 star pieces
goombario is essentially worse than getting a coin
He is all powerful thank you phanto274Thonk
Gonna do a seed tonight lol
'Rando but the devs secretly removed hammer'
wait, you don't have a hammer?
BLOODY KNEW IT WAS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE
that's rando apologizing for the fake hammer, I guess
*Sunny in Philly music* Phantom Reluctantly Saves The Yoshis
Gear Rando seems to love giving you Tier 2 items early
the Rando Randy is back at it again!
There's a wicked thunderstorm coming through my place. Fantastic rain and thunder every 30 seconds
I didn't even gamble I forgot this was coming up
My poor Golden Retriever is petrified right now. She hates thunder, we had a strike hit just meters from the house in 2021
GEEZ, we had a strike with a 2 second sound delay
Oh yeah, we're fine. We have a generator too just in case
I think it's 3. 9 HP Red seems high for 2
Oh psykitHeck . This storm cell expanded. This rain will last at least another 25 minutes.
Oh I love severe weather. I was in University in Long Island when Superstorm Sandy hit. Was handled well though, very little power disruption (just a few hours) and we were on a hill so minimal flooding
I think you picked up a red berry earlier
And then we had Winter Storm Nemo the next year and walking through a 3' snow deep campus was astounding.
where I live the busses never shut down
did.. did you start with goombario?
can you star the murder mystery and sushie glitch into 7?
B L O O P E R
YAAAAAH, that was a point blank hit. Practically within our complex
Does Dizzy Stomp have better odds with Action command?
And I assume you've checked everything in 5?
Do you need to have finish chapter 5 to give him the volcano's vase ?
How much of Boo's Mansion have you done?
Did you check all the boxes you could reach?
are there any tree checks where you would save Kolorado in the jungle? I left and came back. Out of the loop
Anywho, let's beat the game now
Yeah, Watt's ability is used in what, 3 rooms in the entire game?
Hard required in 4 and only sometimes in Whale/Yoshis
Beat 1 while you can still get XP here
TBF hardly any of it was probably in logic to begin with
I don't see any logic for Staircase Skip
So you're supposed to be able to beat a chapter besides 1 already...
Imainge rowf with all 4 seeds LUL
Probably something important in the Ruins
Or Kooper + Palace Key Kappa
In that case, let's hope the important stuff is in Ruins and not 7
Going to the Desert the long way around
Imma Luigi. You want my autograph?
just a wee bit of softlock risk
this seed has like 8 fortress keys wtf
Who's trying to assassinate Merlon? monkaS
some real Indiana Jones trap in there
Well, if both of the ones in Ruins are real, 1 is in logic as soon as 2 is
It's always weird when the shells twitch
weighted to fail because you can just do things like that
Is it even possible to fill the bar on those abilities? Even with Turbo?
Game hard caps you at 15 mashes/sec
I always have to refresh the stream after a star spirit because it gets out of sync
oh yeah it goes to absolute poop with all those particle effects
Do you have that Bow skip enabled? (Is it an option?)
wow, game shop got a switch n64 controller
so they bought one from Nintendo and are reselling it? I didn't think it was available at retail
I'm sure I would've done it eventually but just hadn't felt like working on it recently
Again, I'll probably get to it eventually
how did you get here without parakerry?
lmao. Makes it sound so simple
was it as easy as its look?
I you use a seed over a month old the tracker wont update
What did you get stuck on there?
wow my interrnet is trash tonight
It's hitched a bit for me too
anyway, it's phanto274Lurk  time for me
nah its me, after I quit stream I ran a speed test and had 3 up, ran it 5 minutes later and had 11 up
only 2 hrs and 20 minutes late. not bad!!
so with kojima doing a podcast I'm expecting game awards to have "best podcast"
tried a seed with new settings today, it was quite enjoyable
my extreme seed had a parakarry start
letter to merlon was in shroom grocery, which lead to my hammer
so took me 1 min to get a hammer lmao
my seed was kinda goated. I was preparing to full clear koot but go mode last second so no needed
my last 2 have been really good seeds
I'll have to roll your next lmao
my seed had super boots in the first pleasant path room
and both power pluses were 2 bp and one was toad town while other was Koopa village
so I got too strong too fast
ok go bomb every tree now
time to finally use those 10 fortress keys
I'm gonna do an offline glitchless run in about 20 min. pray for me
bombette looks sick, you should get her to a doctor
time to play guess the damage
Technically chapter 6 was the first in logic monadoKEK
Or you can just find Ultra Hammer
Did you check Chapter 3 shop?
oh yeah I need to remember to actually practice this
Why reset? Was that a softlock?
and you were telling me I was going straight to rac
I normally have her out I think
then select her from the partner menu still
Watch it be useless anyway Sadge
I don't think so, I never went neutral there
It's possible it could be patched
So about that early Ultra Hammer skip...
We get to watch Kolorado fall AGAIN!
just got done a seed myself
all sanity with all the new shit LUL
and even with boot and hammer shuffle super boots was pre boo portrait chap 3 I felt cheated
With current settings, you aren't guaranteed to find another upgrade
also the news skins are really nice
still waiting on a laki skin
I wish someone could do something about parakerry skins not a knock on the artist but to me they look like normal parakerry but dirty
I see you don't have the calculator. I'm calling it now, kooper is behind the Calc.
but for your sake, I hope not. l0l
I can I just say that the radio quest is dumb and really doesn't add anything and I love it LUL
Isnt it only 3 more checks
I have it on every seed and have never done it
Speaking of, have you done the radio checks?
Wait, you don't have the leaf nvm
koot I like makes some very irrelevant items relevant
How much of Dojo have you done?
FULL LETTERS AND FULL KOOT IN WEEKLIES OR RIOT Keepo
A postman's work is truly never done.
What are the odds of no Goomba letters?
But all 3 in the 5 you don't have?
phantom, can you give yourself some time to dink?
Ultra Hammer makes panels faster and makes you backtrack to volcano YEP
I had a hard triple dip of fortress in my seed
Yay! I caught you live again!
watch kooper is dizzy stomp chest
DELIVERING LETTERS IS PEAK PAPE CONTENT
It's like recipes in hundo it's what the people want
I timed myself doing my usual 3 star spirit rando settings and I got a 4:19:48
It was my third(?) I think. Last one was like over 6 hours so I can't complain haha
Shoutouts to the NPCs for keeping you in Peril
or hear me out on this
don't and go get tacos instead
Didn't you say you had turned off early Toybox?
Are we still having fun? CoolStoryBob
Okay so since I'm new here I'd like to know your favorite color choices for everything haha
And even least favorite if you have it
>game makes you do the same fight three times to get thru the room >best game of all time
I don't think I've seen blow bombette but this one is pretty cute
I really like the ice flower mario
I've Mario is probably my new favorite
Sushi doesn't really have good ones yet
Mentioning Goombario but forgetting Sushie LUL
I guess I like when she's red and yellow but only if I'm Mario maker colors so we match lmao
you need to get a freaking settings command lul
My settings are so easy to beat lmao I've been trying to learn from your VODS so I can start switching some things and make it more challenging
Is one of the new settings a random Bowser color yet
I just caught the stream you uploaded recently with the 3 upgrades in like 5 minutes lmao
Can we see reverse Toybox since you don't need to do any checks?
You can laki teleport but it's tough
I think you can go around the right lz
What's Power Plus like? Or do you even have it?
youre missing so many key items lmao
Most likely 7 or one of the random Extremes
And like half of the optional key items
Look up Bow and Koopa Leaf when you check spoiler
Koopa Leaf could be on a Shy Guy
koopa leaf can be the pebble check in ch7 now
But I imagine you checked that
That was Last Stand you took off
How much does Hallway fire normally do?
Or you can play it safe with Power Rush
Well you might have found it if I hadn't asked about the Toad Town tree first
What did Koot and Dojo have? Anything interesting?
wow something actually behind the trade quest
came back just in time. GG. This took longer than a normal glitchless run lmao
Garbage, garbage, and money I guess
I watched it right when we got to Gourmet Guy somehow
wait sorry it was Glenn's run right?
cause I watched both you and Glenn
I was busy being an insomniac
I was also there watching Star Tropics with the constant, "Wow, You've Done It!"
I saw Glenn sitting there and I think you were cut off
I just filled my hydro flask with Baja Blast, now I'm ready
Hey Phantom ! What item tracker do you use for Randos..?
you think I'm going to give you MY MONEY?
why didn't you just bring your own? smh
can't play PM on a Smash monitor after all
not a random?? where is phantom and what have you done with him
I'm super good just got done playing a little Overwatch on stream
I got 3 wins in a row
anywho, can't hang out too much today; wb and glhf on glundo.
totally get it. I have a hole in my heart that is only filled by competitive multiplayer games
Its better then playing League at least
(needed food so I missed it)
I redeemed a rando once too
how you doin? how was your flight?
I cant play games in the car but can on a plane for some reason
cats race is neck and neck rn
like literally in the same room LUL
National Beach Day? Oh boy! *goes outside* It's raining. :(
There was no audio for the alert
Hikari is laying on the floor howling at the mirror KEKW
So THAT'S how you say it
Why did it go twice lol
that's not what that emote is
It's a very good emote though
I think the dono bot is confused. LUL
Husky knocking away a bowl of food
I couldnt tell what it said
Buff00n posted a picture he said he was gonna delete from vegas
He put it on the circle lol
You'll enjoy it you should look at it when you get a free moment I assume he already added you
Twitter Circle is very silly addition
we can shit talk without people knowing
Idk if I'm still gonna use the alt now lol
I don't need a buff00n alt
I was going to make a stupid probably unoriginal tweet for my first circle, but I decided to just say hi. :^)
Bonk Jr. Troopa to assert your dominance. Kappa
time to go for 50 attempts of speedy
Jesse has already started talking shit in his circle
I saw through your circle lmao
Mario needs to make a sprite
All is well. How about yourself?
I just love how Jesse went from "Hey look at my circle" to "stupid ass bitches" in less than a minute
Summer should actually be a week long
Winter makes people leave minnesota and that's fucking lit
I love not having to talk to people at work in the winter
@RuneRavenFP I actually *come* to Minnesota in the winter, to ski
Yo the bot also watches HotS PogChamp
Winter is awesome cause it's nice and cold and I can go outside without sweating the first second I leave the house.
Getting warmer is a much more pleasant experience than getting cooler
Warmer you get a nice fire and a blanket and you just exist
I hate heaters but I like wrapping myself up in a burrito with blankets shrimpsCOMFY .
We got rain in what feels like MONTHS.
Finally some moisture in this DRY climate. LUL
I also get to be dripped out in Winter. shrimpsDrip
Advantage state removed the counterpicks woohoo
Lylat and yoshis are gone and they put hollow bastion
Kalos being there doesn't even matter it's perma banned for me and they have no reason not to ban it lol
I honestly like HB and Lylat, I just think YoshI's Story (Melee) is stupid.
They're also begging failbot to play solo steve now lol
Failbot hasn't lost anything he's gone steve at for a bit lol
But yea 3 bans means I will never not go to ps2 lol
yo that's crazy power rush was vanilla.
@Twitch how do I ban a mod
Former blackice TO replied to me saying they tried to get a state wide stagelist and the other TO's just said "We don't care" LOL
I'm unfollowing if you do what you do
But yea the starters are Battlefield | Pok'mon Stadium 2 | Smashville | Town & City | Small Battlefield, I will only be picking ps2
I'm wario, they're not giving me the other stages lol
And they have 3 bans for counterpicks so I will be doing PS2 sets
8 and 3 is not rad
yo glgl (no audio) (chat) (watching at work)
yo blopez (I cant read) (chat) (watching at home)
don't let him girlboss gaslight you, he's a very fast reader
then why are you using japanese tags?
Axl reload and look at his tags he's lying to you
I thing happened while you were gone
prof9 and the gang added in mod cards to bn4
I added what I could of a el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo tag
can you get dodge master this early?
4 times but who's counting? Kappa
time to lurk and play hitman 3
It was 20 bucks on humblebundle
Yea I was playing 2 and 1 before
we finished 10 seconds or something apart LMFAO
aww, I was hoping Glundo was Golden LePiggy 100%
The one you sped past or was it opened?
It has air, is what you're saying?
but in all seriousness I didn't know there was a 101% what is the extra 1%
So I tried to start derusting a game for GDQ last night, it didn't go well
this is at least sub 10 pace
no, submission videos, DreamWorks Dragons Dawn of New Riders
It's actually my favorite speedgame ever
I also am doing a Toy Story Relay with two other people for submissions this year
Zic is my Toy Story 2 runner
But it would be all 3 Toy Story games in a row one after the other, if done correctly it would only take 2 1/2 hours
Is that a good thing or bad thing that your pb for Ch. 3 is 16 mins?
my Toy Story 3 PB is 45 minutes or around that
randos lately has been good. extreme async went well
At least we will save Stanley
my longest speedrun is 7 hours but this seems more bearable than the one I run
fight the wrong blooper and then save for the first time the entire run like me
Do we still need to make the cake or did we do that
It's because his quizzes are very "dry dry"
did you run through anything before starting this or are you all in
I forgot to mention that my DreamWorks Dragons Dawn of New Riders game JUST got new strats two weeks ago and I haven't been able to practice them because I haven't made it that far
Its impossible to get higher than 6
Without a Life Shroom pt. 2
being a WR holder for that game sucks
lmao I just saw the el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo tag
just farm 48 quizmos in a row or whatever itll be a problem for future phantom
wait wheres the splatoon 3 splatfest at... what is this lol
Don't say it like that, "I will do him later" LUL
"I will do him later" -Phantom5800, August 2022
I get to see Prologue again so I'm not against that. :)
so no splatoon3 for u then
I WAS HERE FOR THE QUOTE
@Ohrocks Yessir, prologue is pretty PogChamp
One of the best prologues in gaming history tbh
PhantoBot bot needs to learn how to construct proper sentences still...
Being a mod in another channel makes me want to add quotes at all times LUL
The bot is still learning how human speech works. LUL
I don't blame it for not knowing how the english language works.
The run depends on it. LUL
If we say Goombario enough times maybe bot will summon him into their speech
Yo I couldn't catch your run at mwsf cuz I was stuck at work but I popped in for a bit and it seemed like you did great!! spaget3Love
Ok got a silent assassin on level 1 and a buncha level xp
@RuneRavenFP you missed the new quote
What if you're the stupid shyguy
If I was gonna get a pizza ad coming into chat could it at least been a good pizza place and not papa john's
Thank you @scrambleddragons I couldn't remember how to spell it
@SteveTVOnline You're welcome. <3 Sad thing is I can remember names from video games but not irl. It's a curse, I tell you. :(
How to beat Gourmet Guy: Step 1 - Cake
Interesting that hitting all the coin blocks isn't counted toward 100% in this game, unlike a certain other Paper Mario game I know of...
I still need to come back and run this to test my routing changes but it's such a long run and I've been wanting to do other stuff ResidentSleeper
slots could be HUGE for extra coins
you get like 10 or 15
can we add el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo to the slots
slots is cool and all but hear me out
What would max% even look like in this game?
You're robbing my fucking goombario time
accidentally using the safer partner lol
The only time we use Goombario and we don't use Goombario. :(
That's what you get for not using Goombario
hey I've missed that jump and then fallen onto that fucker and died before
You missed it because you didn't use Goombario. Kappa
This whole time I have been family friendly not realizing I could use FUCK
this fight is cringe and I am almost definitely gonna change it to just use a repel gel cause idgaf
just give me the normal fight back
we can easily make up for the coins
what's cringe about the funny shy guys?
This run going good I assume?
that zoom in surprises me every time
general guy graciously killing you before quizmo does, what a hero
I walk back over and you're fighting Lantern Ghost again...
I've lost plenty of runs and/or time to chapter 4 in glundo so I feel the pain
yea so looking at it I'm not seeing a feasible way to keep the desert life shroom in your inventory, it'd take some deeper rerouting to make work
also you have dodge master right
oh we have to bake a cake?
bake a cake for the bestie
excuse me streamer where are your cake in and cake out splits
cake in oven and cake in mouth are better
cake in my mouth is best tbh
careful not to gold too hard ;)
that's why all the pacepals are here
yea don't worry when quizmo shows up I'll uh
peach actually poisoning my boi by uncooking this cake! Gourmet Guy rates this cake 0.5/10.
I can't trust mf'rs who say they like a doughy cake
It's 7 seconds on either side of 30
enjoy your 3 in 10 chance every reload
It's All or nothing or nothing at all.
hey with my routing changes it's a 1 in 3 chance :)
well you are more likely to  get all or nothing than to not get speedy
It's like Cooking Mama but Paper Mario
hey phantom! glad you're back! how was speedfest?!
Is this just an any percent speedrun?
parakarry sacrificing himself to save mario... what a hero
didn't realize whacka was counted in the all bosses definition
oh did we just kill whacka
Isn't the hardest boss Prologue Bowser?
don't know if you remember or not, but I made a donation during your run at speedfest saying "only a little over 2hrs late!" lol
but I made it to your run! I was so stoked! and I can't believe the tech problems that happened during your run! I was so upset.
We'll find out soon enough. Kappa
this is the first time ever watching a 100% lol
I still think glundo should allow Yoshi skip
@Ohrocks No it shouldn't. Save the babies.
YoshI's wandered into the jungle so they deserve it
They're just little baby Yoshis. They don't know any better.
TRADE OFFER!!! 1 COIN FOR 1 SUCC!
do you have to defeat all enemies in this run?
@Ohrocks Sounds like a good deal. rickslSmile
the optional enemies routed in are the most efficient coin grind we have while not going out of ourway
some of them are also difficult encounters to avoid so it reduces risk
I still refuse to believe that is a glitch
I think not being able to do it is an EN glitch YEP
an attempt to patch it was made, anyway
It's not a glitch, it's a feature. stickshamGaslight
Sounds more like an exploit than a glitch to me
Therefore the EN version is a glitch YEP
At least you got that one extra Spear Guy, right?
yup cause we use bow on lp
What is this "lp" you speak of?
I only know of the hole in the wall behind Kolorado Kappa
Unless it's to make badge equips easier for next time
Kolorado denied your flip panel. He's very powerful.
we need damage dodge on jr
and we dont have room to also use power plus, hence all or nothing instead
I wonder if we can mega shock this fight
would skip three attacks so probably
hiiii idk if you learned, but I got back into bf :)
I'd have to look into it more, I don't remember any of the fights in this route lmao
I actually just had to remember how we handled vsync framerate and my brain fried trying to remember cause I was trying to reply to someone on steam forums
I am derusting on the game this saturday btw, with hardest mystery frameone so I will suffer :)
Is winning part of the category or you need the jammin jelly?
Need them all for recipes? monkaS
Convenient that's there's only 4 recipes and there's exactly 4 jellies before bowsers castle
I remember doing a casual 100% run and wasted one jammin jelly somewhere so I couldn't get all the recipes before going to Bowser. :(
I am doing a walkthrough of the rf5 route rn
Item duping is so incredibly simple it's absurd and cuts out like any ounce of item grinding lol
The setup is mild rng on which frame it works because apparently even with macros it wasn't consistent but it takes literally 2 seconds to retry
I just watched Taco make a storage chest grow
Yea you pick up a well and hit a chest with it a bunch and then you have 100 pies
When are you doing a glando?
And that's the route at the start LOL
ALso the cutscene skip has a chance to make the screen just go black but if you warp home and get to your bed to sleep you can undo it
This game is literally what I was already doing....
They even fucking described the movement tech as "Easy to do hard to do well" and that's just item sliding LOL
Imagine how crazy that would be.
Also the notes for the route that the wr holder just made
I just want to give a shoutout to yal from bug fables :)
Gives me strats and shit on bosses and how to do things
Lol it autocorrected but I decided to leave jt
this is giving me flashbacks pepeW
@Ohrocks just wait till you see when I get the ability to do the movement glitch
That's one case where rando would be easier
that's not a strange leaf, that's a cool leaf!
Does the category require you to check the chalkboard at the end?
Cuz if you forget a recipe, that'd be really hard for someone to figure out'
guess which category is only done on jp
Yo you can QRT to the circle
I can PQRT without the P
I recently read the text for when petunia gives you the bean and it's really depressing. She tells you not to plant the bean because once you do it's stuck in one location and loses all its freedom :(
Fuck that bean we got places to be
Which also makes you think, if that's true, how do the different sentient flowers know each other?
what can mario see in a race???
I think he just said bitch
since when is that there lmao
Yo, did bot just cuss us out? LUL
must be playing on v1.1 smh my head
he's playing the version that added that and patched glitches
That's why he's not doing them
bosses been good though so far?
I cant wait for true 100% with all item blocks and loose overworld coins
I think this is the first time I'm seeing parakarry actually do some damage bawkBait
If only the pacepals knew the truth about these splits...
Do you need the Jammin Jelly Peach has?
peach predicted shape shifters in Among Us
see? peach can be helpful in her own rescue if she really tried
I have the first movement glitch now
This one is tame and on the floor but it stacks incredibly fast
wouldn't it be faster to star storm and then bounce? you'd have 2 dying animations but you wouldn't need to outta sight and you wouldn't need to watch both baby bloops miss. maybe there's something I'm overlooking but that fight felt like it could be improved
I'm pretty drunk right now, help me
someone should make sure super bloop actually follows the script and time it though
@SteveTVOnline hi pretty drunk right now, help me
yea I'll check to make sure but I can't imagine a world where it isn't faster tbh
Can equip Damage Dodge and block 1 instead if you are literally an infant at Paper Mario
Also if you want a small glimpse of the difference switch vs pc makes for this game
These notes say you save 2+ minutes in JUST the last cutscene on pc
Text scrolls significantly faster when the game is running
To be honest I hate it but you know if you ask in the morning I will say otherwise
I hate to be THAT person
oooh so I live with my parents and my mom caught THE VIRUS and that was literally was I was trying to tell you LUL my drunk brain figured that out
Hey Phantom, good luck on your run! jcogWave
yikes, make a drinking game out of it lol. shot = quizmo question
new quizmo grind game idea: every question you make a mistake on, die a little inside
I kidna forgot this room existed during my run
did I come in at the worst part
wait is that quizmo number at the bottom accurate NiceSoftlock
when did you notice you were missing one to begin with? chapter 4?
are you using route from the spreadsheet?
so yes minus my recent changes
goomba village? where you start the game?
watch it be somewhere in toybox
I'm basically watching this blind so I'm just sitting here all :)
you were going back anyways right?
So this is the next hour of the run'
What is the chance he shows up each time you check?
oh yeah see it now just out of order on this route lol
there's 5 star pieces from summit
all these quizmos reminding me of all of my assignments I gotta do this week bawkSalt
damn that worm is fuckin with you
you should send a bird after his ass
almost 20 more to go, which is close to 15 and rounding that down is like 10 and 10 is basically like a handful so youll be done in no time
In other words, you're almost almost almost almost almost done
time is made up by big clock to sell hands
Meanwhile I'm watching the audience and it's kinda strange
Luigi and a single Koopa Bro, among others
when I was a kid tubba blubba scared me so I could never do the escape sequence
so I just played over and over up to that part
I 100%ed this game once or twice as a kid
my save file was 20 hours
he was said to be invincible so many times it scared me!!! And the escape music was panic inducing!!!! I was 9!!!
To be fair, you probably encounter Quizmo more often when you aren't blazing through the entire rest of the game
just finished watching yugioh dark side of demensions with komari... what a wild ride LUL
Koopa Koot or first playthrough and don't know where to go
Quizmo doesnt carre about your splits!!!
It woulda been so much better if you kept going till you got one wrong
I see phantomgamesbot, it all makes sense now
okay but did you find goombario yet
runs not valid if you dont pick him up
from looking at the timer, that rng seems to sucks....or your pb was godlike idk
I ordered an everdrive a few days ago and it's currently in Kiev
You just got a volt shroom
The Volt Shroom you just made?
Ive been yakking for the past 5 hours
I reeeeally need to sleep but I want to watch the end....FUCK YOU
steve what did you drink and/or still drinking?
Entering Goomba Village for the 9001st time
4PAny% run finished processing while I was at work lets go
I had 4 cups of water and a shit ton of saltines
My go to is vodka soda
still sad we never saw this song in the fucked up sounds rando
I might have had to much
the hardest part about 100% / Glundo is keeping track of everything and keeping track of everything you did or didn't do
Learned that there's weird properties to the duped items
Need to save/reload to make them actually function so I fucked up a later dupe and had to redo lol
Also Lucy is dead to me in these runs
If you talk to her once you lose 10 minutes
If you don't talk to someone, their love events never show up
So we send her to the bakery and never acknowledge that she's a human
Is that the only place to get cake mix?
Who cares she's dead to me currently
poor guy is cowering leave them alone
I'm sorry to everyone for my drunkness including you phantom
With buff00n existing I don't think phantom minds drunkenness
I mean being drunk I try not to be but if I am I won't complain
@popesquidward I promise I am always not like this
It's to also have fp for kent
Mario: FINE, I'LL DO IT MYSELF
wait you can jump on his tail?
@landy_00 yup! it's his weak point
I never knew as a kid either
the koopa at the entrance to koopa village tells you!
I never knew that. I guess I haven't fought him since I was a kid
I just spammed D-Down jump on him cuz I didn't realize that weak point when I was a kid
Ive been lurking for most of the stream howzit
I wish I was sober enough to understand anything at this point
*D-Down Jump when flipping him over
You're typing awfully well for being drunk
how do you manage to do an 8 hour speedrun
maybe he's on mobile and has autocorrect
I would get sick of it an hour through
Isnt the playground a better way to make money?
you can tell how drunk I am by the amount of typos I make
It takes me waaaay to long to type something @landy_00
now do it again and get wr
I'm sorry @phantom5800 for being drunk in your chat
You're not a good drunkard if you have shame
I've been drunk in chat before, but I just didn't tell anyone
@stevetvonline I'm getting there. 3 beers in
Let's take a vote: Press 1 if you think @SteveTVOnline should feel shame and 2 if you think not
does lakI's cloud not have a name? they are two different creatures no?
Instead chat tell us why goombario is the best partner
Flushed why you lookin at his nimbus
Are they two separate sentient entities?? Are the turtle part and the cloud part born together?? Do they meet up and partner for life in some ritual??
I'm trying to think, whats the last badge?
Cheating in a rando is going to feel so good next time you do one
I wish I could do comm for you for NoGA but I have to work stevet13FeelsBirdMan
The servers should keep being mean
no pressure but this is maddi bop pace
Guess Maddi will need to bop phantom next
my drunk ass thought it was over
Why do you fight the 3 Antis? Star points? Is it faster?
Why glitchless hundo surely you have better things you can do in 8 hours LUL
yup you're ahead of my by 4 minutes
yea not bad at all, looking like a 7:17ish
you might not hold the b button well enough
yup beat me by 4 minutes flat lol gg
have fun uploading this beast to youtube
I'm going to bed, gnight yall
"you ever just think about the plot of Kingdom Hearts and get angry" - Alpharad
I'm debating on playing strive and messing with jacko labbing rn or doing rf5
It has movement tech, I'll be fine
I just have a strive bug rn
Genuinely just flying around was super fucking fun last night LOL
You go out of bounds constantly in dungeons and skip most fights
The last dungeon you can't go oob because of the ceiling and you also never get good defense, so despite your damage it's still not free and it's hype
The only thing we ever do is make a weapon to abuse spells there's never armor made and so many fights are skipping so levels
The only boring part of the run is the midnight wait
And you just cram a buncha material grinding into that because a single story event needs you to wait until midnight which is 20 minutes lol
Honestly the lack of a sleep exploit to get defense increases my interest in this particular rf game so much
Early game is still a bit long but it's not nearly as bad
Less sidequest grinding too cause you don't need the points to buy shit you actually want to run out at a point so you can still cutscene skip lol
I also added "ManILoveRNG" as a tag
My WW attempt count is like 400
It started racking up after pause storage because outset lol
Nintendo direct is now trending with windwaker according to twitter
That time of the month again
But I'd rather have TP first
I'd like to be able to play TP without buying it for 100 on gc or emulating it
I'm just gonna tweet this emote name rq el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
and by errands I mean buying a new TV
last week it was 1800, today I got it for 850
And sometimes you just need a costco churro in your life
what am I agree on? someone irl was talking
does pokemon actually split red and blue?
bn5 has a non split category at least
They 'leaked' zelda remasters yet again
This is what like the 15th time LOL
who leaked Zelda remasters? Where at?
Doesn't matter twitter is just idiots
Just the usual nintendo rumor accounts tweeting
Why do I keep hearing about a September direct?
when will Nintendo make a Zelda 3D All-Stars that's available for three months before going into the Disney vault?
@TacoGuy74 September is a month they've done one in for the past few years so people are just 'leaking' things they want to get twitter likes rn lol
Folks, looks like we're strapped in for another partner showcase
For any%, no dick run yet
The only comment says "You took my pp bridge record :("
At this point I need to get a wiggle emote too...
Phantom can't cause his little ghost bastard got no neck let alone a torso
could just use a wiggling dusknoir
risch running heatbug was pretty cool
"thanks for unclogging my toilet full of Mets, Megaman.EXE!"
but you haven't defeated PlumberMan yet
as his hands move ever close to the reset button...
how many resets did I miss Kappa
you got me for 30 minutes
gotta fit in bakuman watch parties whenever I can
how is your game schedule looking?
your focusing on bn6 for the marathon right?
damn phantom u don't like any games huh lol except smash paper and mega lol.. never buying the new hotness lol
ashikabi66: damn phantom u don't like any games huh lol except smash paper and mega lol.. never buying the new hotness lol
u housing MVD my dude for port priority
2 am and 5 am on workdays ... Sorry I won't be able to support o:
that boii like every other smash books everything last min lol
hope that have a better pape setup, the color was so dull
so itll be your fault then LUL
I mean dont they run tech before the run?
how can you draw something that doesnt exist Kappa
have you tried to reg trnarrw?
mod cards my guy, buy an eReader
smog has good alpha omega notes Kappa
I fall in that camp too
neverr wrote anything down for nut the prism
for bn5 I made notes from jugoomba, "komari, did I miss anything?" OMEGALUL
I am so thankful to the current RF5 wr holder for making good notes
that should be a bot quote
Think there's a video guide for RF5 but I'm just using the doc and watching the wr vod to learn it
That's how I feel with Ori
Run is mega cool but it's just so ass to learn because of the way they did shit
I don't wanna go through a google slideshow to learn a 100% route
Lemme send you the rf5 route to look at after this it's a pretty well written route
I'm part of the problem tho
all the notes ive made are slides
It's so much easier to search specific parts of a doc than a slideshow
They say keyword I control f and then look back at how I do it again or a specific note
Imagine having bn notes that dont say "get copydmg"
how the hell do you do heatman without copydmg?
where can I get these so called fire chips?
next yeah is a special year
It marks 10 years ive been watching bn speedruns
bn 6 is the only one of these ive plated
ero used to run 6 and 4 lol
still have the cart in my gba FeelsStrongMan
tell us whats in your navicust so we can laugh at you
back and B is so free
ok so I dont think I even knew navicust existed
THIS MAN HAD NOTHING IN HIS NAVICUST!!!
I just have 4 like speed +1 on
your bn3 notes do you get fish?
or do you manip iceball M?
I thought this was a pape channel
your not doing slipwalk, right? Kappa
would suck if you game crashed during a no glitches allowed marathon OMEGALUL
I hope some JP runner bops my BeastSP times
yeah, that would be even better
so mega man go fast now
speedrunning is generally tough in general, I find
setting up the gamecube stuff on the wii was a lot easier than I expected
It definitely works, I tested out a prime 1 rando earlier. died, so the run was over, but it worked really well
It fits in my draw so nice
so now I have a desk mat for both PCs
I'm so used to rando, that when I actually finished a casual play of paper mario, I forgot there was a whole ass epilogue cutscene
allowing everdrive is cool but then I wasted funds on my jpn cart fml
If we end time on star rod...
Does the cutscene even matter or don't you just hold B for the text?
I got my GDQ clear glass mug too
my snes raphnet came today too
can you do me a solid tonight?
now I just need to figure out how to somehow play symphony of the night on the wii lol
stream long enough for me to get 7K more channel points KEKW
doesnt pape need game time to verify?
probably gonna do pit of 100 trials to get the double inventory tonight
more life shrooms and boo sheets lol
what if time started when you take control of mario in castle?
I mean you don't get speed until chapter 3 in pape ttyd
It feels so good using the SNES mini controller on my old SNES
would you call it baby paper mario or paper baby mario?
but his name is paper mario so it would be baby paper mario KEKW
bombette and watt are true pog
And what does koops have besides a girlfriend
and a shield he can throw on mario
also, I love the little mention of kolarado in hooktail castle from the one dry bones
what drops speedy, anyway? I forget
what is it paper mario and making you buy trash to progress
and why is a dried shroom always involved
where's that homeward shroom when you need it
my retro game shop has complete in box pokemon heart gold, white2, black2 all for 150 each, then diamond is only 50 OMEGALUL
mx_four: PerMitzi: oh yeah the crack
gotta love those retro game stores, axl
Oh man I really walk into those phanto274Facepalm
realblopez: mx_four: PerMitzi: oh yeah the crack
I can relate to both ends :)
yes that question is for everyone who wants to answer it
I feel like I jsut inserted myself
Prime Gamingmx_four: I feel like I jsut inserted myself Prime Gamingr
well my cruella deville grandma has finally made it to hospice
I'm kinda tired but I gotta cook lol
my dab rig got here a day early so I'm a HAPPY CAMPER
ROIGHT now I just need the stuffs and I get paid tomorrow phanto274BLANKIES
was gonna cook it with my gf like a week ago but we never got around to it lmao
been living off air fried burgers lol
we had pizza every day at pdq LOL
I did not eat pizza for like a week
my mom brought me carne asada burritos cats4eWiggle
nah it's great tbh esp bc I dont like cooking much bc of the time investment
I am a food enjoyer though
you should make lasagna lopez. You can live off one lasagna for like a couple days
when my parents make lasagna they make extra noodles just for me
I'm so damn lazy lmao theres some chores I should get around to doing but I'm too damn tired/cba
Cant wait for work on monday. I get that juicy time and a half pay
I like my new job. People are nice and I barely have to speak to them.
someone tried to pull the ol "test out this game for me" nonsense on me on discord cats4eWiggle
I mean, at least lp was easy
they made this elaborate story with it too. I was like 10/10 story but still no
only if it had rando built in
phantom, DM mitzi witha code for your game OMEGALUL
still waiting on fall guys yugioh cross over to happen
phantom forgot how to do it
been away from the game too long playing exe6
I am labbing jacko shit rn
Her blockstrings do more damage than millia optimals
And it's always a 50/50 between +518249018238 minion swing or throw to reset it lolll
And throws beat dp in this game :)
Millia dies from blockstring offense and jacko wins off touching your block once lol
yugioh cards would have a code on the bottom you could enter to get them in game
Also this patch they made whistle make you safe after any move
So if I do an unsafe lunging normal she has into whistle I can just leave
oops, I think you know what chat that was intended for KEKW
Also her 5h that lunges halfscreen just teleports you back on whistle cancel LOL
at least we're somewhat still making decent time
Yoo, I finally caught a stream! phanto274BLANKIES
I just threw a ky into a corner and popped minion super
And she has the best meter build in the game
Because how many specials you input
Like if you're in the corner against jacko your options are take the chip or take the wallbreak
And if you give her positive bonus she can meme you harder lol
Cause then the minion strings genuinely never end
And she'll have RC advancing normals
But yea I'm getting the hang of minion setups I just need to get the feel for non millia neutral now
Cause that's the part I can't play the same lol
phantom in xeno3 is Sera still best girl?
3 is less than 4, you're good
I would but my rando today was a bad seed so I'm banned from. making one
how would making you a seed go?
I only have 6k points lol
sooooo, allsanity goombario start, got it
gimme seed too, I'm bored and need something to do
just give him the race seed, hell never know KEKW
do you care about glitch logic or nah?
I wanna see it happen, actually
so I send the settings string or the seed number?
I'll probably do the seed too, glitchless is up my alley
your hat matches goombario, how cute
I actually forgot to set a partner for start, so goombario start was completely happenstance
Is that a grape following you around?
she's kinda see through right now tho
Its so the game doesnt crash
how many raphnets do you have?
at least merlow isn't needed for progress
I mean, we can at least check panels early
I mean, can't be much worse than that 100% race lol
oh yeah, I don't think there's traps on this seed
thats always nice, no traps so no worries
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on mountviewers. com
The bots are on to something though
If you want followers, just fuck em
omg I love bombettes color its so pretty
green and red are just nah
I mean the red is so bad that its almost cool looking?
damn... nine got banned for a simple greeting RIP my guy
know whats more fun than playing mario kart 8 online?
playing mario kart 8 by yourself!!
blooper, perhaps? or desert by way of shortcut
cause then you dont have people picking BABY PARK!!
what you don't like ovals axl?
The more I lab this char
The more thankful I am that nobody plays her
This hurts my hands but people fucking die in the corner LMAO
Just threw a ky on the floor that was set to frame perfect DP out of blockstun
Did 60% on chip then can kill off a dp bait LOL
Also get about 70% meter after throwing someone then supering which is rad
decent, true test will be mega bomb
shopkeep has an item for buying things?
explains why I didn't know about it
I think the bot needs to take up some hobbies
I had a run where my super boots were the 10 star piece reward
Hello! Did I miss anything interesting?
Just got home from work and debated if I wanted to play rando or lay down and watch rando
I tweeted the blockstring that does 70% chip lol
Also maxes risk so if they decide to take the hit they also just fucking die
Talk about a fish out of water
Strive crossplay drops this month tho I think
So buff00n is going to get memed constantly soon
I can't wait for fighterz to get rollback soon
No game with added rollback has had good netcode yet
Blazblue and p4au have been dogshit
P4au adds 9 frames of delay on pc but it's only like a couple on ps4 for some reason
Yea p4AU on pc is bad
If people are choosing console over PC for a FG, there's something verry wrong with the pc port lol
I mean, I play fighterz on pc, and practice on switch when I'm out and about
Yea I'm hoping bandai will break the cycle
Cause it's a very wanted thing
But I've lost hope currently lol
@PaigellaMae goombario start should just mean new seed
I made an appointment for a pm64 tattoo
oh yeah, item pouches are on, I forgor
wasn't koopa leaf on rugged or was that herb?
Wait I've never seen him come alive for a letter and then fake die again
I see you do it a lot but can you explain why you usually only do 6 rip checks?
I waste all my coins when I get blue house access like immediately
I thought I saw a leaf in loops village shop? But all weeds look the same so idk
She was great until she wasn't
flower savers make it 6 phanto274BLANKIES
you should just unhighlight goombario from now on so no one knows KEKW
no sign of that turtle yet, huh
man, just need one seed and 6 is done
can you turn vase in before beating 5 anyway?
wow, all the good badges are bad
I would concurr with this statement
I have spent the past 2 hours trying to make music but getting stuck lol
@1STSTAR__ god thats a mood right now
only 3 and a half hours late. 14hr day today.
Also I now have to tale a 50 question tests a week earlier as punishment because most people in my 6th period left 5 minutes before the bell lol
That class has some RACHIT people
I wanna say what happened last week but its a little gross
that was the cleanser cake, right?
Gets 120Hz TV, "I can play PS5 in 120fps" checks list of games, "I dont have a single one fml"
devil may cry 5 looks fun
hiii so been doing bf things and I learned about some insane stuff lol
I did like astral chain afterall
astral chain was fun, just wish the story ending was better
I did it for 12 hour challenge
like the fact I apparently resolved a bug that the devs couldn't 1+ year before and it happened to be the craziest thing I ever solved
I felt bad skipping the cutscenes
Do you already have enough blue berries?
sometimes it takes the perspective from someone on the outside
oh btw, did you know spuder has only 19 hp on ruigee normal?
they nerfed it by a flat 15
youre gonna fight it and youre gonna like it!!
I dont like the noises the hammer is making
so the story is that mar tried to beat spuder on ruigee, but found it was "impossible" so he nerfed him by a flat 15 on hardest or ruigee after hardest buff...but also on normal :)
the one that sounds like an orgasm
you got all three in that room
@iAmKrisXx  thank you for the sub!
I think that's why I do it. it's startling sometimes. l0l
just here to show my support to an awesome streamer. (:
I thought everdrive was banned for pokemon
what if you just dont tell them its ED
omg what did psr do again?
but put in the notes "contrary to popular belief, this is not on everdrive"
have you seen the prices of the carts
they kinda have to allow emu lmao
I..don't get it? are the loads that different?
ok then it's stupid, moving on
I'm just sitting here not having a clue what you guys are talking about. lmao. but it sounds interesting.
so idk if you saw my message of ? but it didn't show up on stream lol
"But we wanna be lazy wahhhhh"
nice it did a spam prevention
because I typed 5 lines of ?
I think the funniest run I submitted was when I was running paperboy64 and the mods asked why I submitted a vod when my time wasn't a top time
Is this an all sanity? I was clearly not paying attention. lol
It's a funky one for sure
@weegee666 nice! and sure seems like it so far.
I actually was able to watch your run at mwsf it was a awesome run
was the tech issues just the dull picture?
doesnt get more cursed than that LUL
Even that's out of logic until you find replenishable Koopa Leaf/Koopa Tea
I meant the Koot stuff you did
about half way to 30k points
Is there a "money%" for this game
Beat 2 w/o the 4th key... while knowing where said key is
can you show off the pape evo moment 37?
you never seen evo moment 37
just block like 15 action commands at once KEKW
That bandit has places to be
OH SHIT I FORGOT IT WAS LABOR DAY LOL
Ive worked labor day the last 15+ years!!
and I am litterally derusting bf this weekend too!
I will be on mystery hardest frameone btw, people will watch me suffer as I try to remember the timings
If I don't die in ch1 to a seedling, I will be surprised
she said choke me, so I gave her two popeyes biscuits and no drink
why's it that almost all the randos I watch or play have ch4 be ch7 difficulty and ch5 be ch1
If you sub for tier 2 you become a mod OMEGALUL
Outta everyone I know, you stream the most often/consistently, so I don't feel bad about the tier 2 sub
Idk how to upgrade my current sub. xD
what you mean this is your job
I just did a 6 month sub for the savings
buying a coin for one coin is so funny
dude thoughts on in n out
I would love to try in and out but nope not in Canada
can't be worse than Steak n' Shake fries. Right?
theres a resturant called in n out?!
sounds like a meme restaurant for pronhub
I don't like it as much as I did when I was a child
he have one that opened up recently, its 10 minutes from my house. Jeny is super Jelly
I enjoyed the fries more than I enjoyed the burger the last couple times I had it, so take that for what you will
you dont know how to tell time
oh man, we getting blue key?
youre just as bad as Jeny's who discord
ok, so never let me roll seeds again lol
welp, there goes need for blue key
would glitches have saved time for any of that besides ultra skip?
bot really needs professional help, oml
wow, glitchless is a hell of a drug
I was about to say what if the autograph led to the Ultra Hammer, but uhhhhhhhhhhhhh
last kbf key is behind 4th ruins key
I always feel like it's half the screen until I try to hit an enemy with it
have to be on the subpixel perfect to first strike
should I get danger mario before I go for pit of 100 trials? I do have power rush and last stand
I mean, given you can keep buying more power rush
I think the cap is 99 damage, which is 50 power rush
at that point, power plus and all or nothing are pointless
this King Dedede color Crystal King has
also, partner mega rush in fuckin petalburg why?
So far I've been positive on potemkins
yoshi about to become even more broken
the difficulty comes with getting that peril set up
only downside is I need boberry to get to chet rippo
Now if only they let gift subs apply to that again
It's calling gaming so it's just for him
there's just something about lily floating on nothing that's just magnificent
I would upgrade but I can't cause of prime lol
gotta run, but I'll keep you up for a lurk!
Failbot added a singular person to his circle then tweeted in the circle "I will be at your house at 5:47 tomorrow, he prepared"
Are pie jumps even faster if you have parakarry?
Lucky is finally salt tweeting about Cloud
He was the only one who didn't for so long lol
Well if I lose a race by 4 seconds, it's from that and very sad.
Even learning glitchless I haven't really bothered with the jumps yet.
Plenty of fp restoring items too
Okay. I'ma need you to 3.
Koopa Bros make half a rainbow
buff00n are you excited to deal with jacko when crossplay drops
considering I haven't even practice any combos yet, sure
Sol combos aren't hard you'll be fine
just press your +3 far slash in peoples faces and convert it off counter hit into a launcher
got here just in time spaget3GG
I'm gonna force you to fight antiguy with goombario
Why is cley playing fire emblem
I'm scared to see how he's playing it so I dont want you to
I was just in there LUL
And I just finished work right on time
this is a big chat box
aspect ratio on gbc games is funny
there's honestly too much space on the screen
Idk what to do with all of it
not like rando has actual splits anyway
and the tracker is a pretty awkward shape
that was my mitzi greeting kekw
watch the starter be jynx OMEGALUL
funny how I want scizor LUL
'Phantom5800 is now streaming the best Pok'mon game ever'
I thought the rando would add that
you dont have to meet oak?
should've gotten the triple pack to get 10 free revives, potions and antidotes
been playing spiderman this morning on the new QLED, havent played it since PS5 launch week.
but if you mom takes your money she could maybe buy you surf KEKW
they are one of few Pok'mon that can talk shit about you
although it's be cool if unown weren't just the English alphabet
just hope fawkner doesn't have fire
for "being weak" I sure am carrying you OMEGALUL
scared to take another step in a cave and Pok'mon are low on HP? teleport
I really love the sprite design in this game. I just keep coming back to gen 2 tbh.
I see how it is now
Ttar yesterday Celebi today? my god
Electrode kicking ass with no legs
I know what casual game I'd want to see you suffer... I mean play.
can't wait for everything to self destruct halfway in
I need to finish my Plat Rando Randy
I would wear flip flops the one day it decides to storm
okay I didn't know you was cheating in this
which I can't really fault them for, cuz he's a shitter
This Stantler was out for blood
Starmie: K Y A H ! ! !
You taught Ohrocks Rock Smash. How appropriate.
I have no idea what the tracker says but... Hopefully it's going good!
okay, I'm home. groceries put away and a snack
Alas, I am the sleep, but you get my lurk!
*A whole new world begins playing.*
wait, is beating Red the end of the run?
Erika likes cute shit, so they probably stopped the evolution to make her happy
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood
Project X Zone, but it's a fighting game instead of a strategy
G2 is cool solely cuz it's there. But yeah, it's barren af
It is impressive they got kanto and johto in one dinky game boy cartridge
It really shows how Kanto was a last minute thing cuz of Iwata
So what are the rules of this rando
Wait are the badges just items or do you still fight people
lost but one the question part
nah I was still off by like 3 minutes, REALLY bad any%
yeah I'd def have to look at a checklist doing this lol
the dude know as BUFFOON has too much of a stick up his ass to be me
you have to FIND the pokedex
you got strength, then my internet IMMEDIATELY died
Just saw a very sad end to a kof set
Ash player dropped the install combo
It's cause announcements don't count as regular chat
So he's not in my auto fill @Phantom5800
ok I put a space after that @
Why did it still @ you lol
Yo it's a deez nuts joke
I have ended deez nuts jokes
I just see surf is committing genocide rn
and that's a good way to murder
Imagine being paid to maintain a pkmn center in the middle of bloody nowhere
he does, but he doesn't say anything
he hands you his team, takes them back and pisses off
beat the strongest trainer via feeding your main pkmn drugs until they vibrate out of existence
gonna make this a frequent thing?
fighting the pkmn league is the equivalent of saving the Yoshis
Excuse me. Have you seen a ghost around here? A phantasm, if you will. A spooky, a hauntingly haunted haunter, a being of the transparent variety?
A chilling cacophony of calculated catastrophe.
I was having too much fun there. Haha.
It's 5pm so at what point in the day do you start saying good evening?
Good yonder. Good time of the future.
Him and Bridget have my favorite osts
I stepped outside and wanted to die
Be a rebel and pick file 4.
Its a nice chill 96 where I am rn
Havent had it in a while. Thought I'd splurge on a nice sammich
So, is the seed attached to a file slot? Or just all encompassing?
Just wanted to make sure that I wasn't getting you to start a vanilla run. KEKWait
Let's be honest here.. You're gonna 100% it.
Ahoy Phantom! Good luck on the run!
I'd join last minute if I didnt have food in front of me
I was thinkg abt doing bad rng
I'm just grinding away at Runescape so cool to have some entertainment :)
last night I played spiderman PS5 finished it in one sitting
miles morales is like 8 hours casually
I haven't play miles morales yet but I did 100% the 1st spider man
oh, after I finished it the first time I went back and did the DLC and extras
Okay. So, my house mate went to the store to get some snacks and such. She couldn't find the beef jerky that I like, so, naturally, she got me this random *** brand. THE BEST AND ONLY way that I could ever describe said beef jerky is as follows: Imagine if you will, the scruffy, disgruntled kid (we all know one or two). This beef jerky is something that said kid(s) broke parents would get for them intentionally, and a friend would come over, try a piece, and go "Damn, your parents don't love you
I had to force myself to finish it got so boring
Like, someone clearly mislabeled the dog treats as beef jerky. I don't even have a dog, but if I did, I wouldn't beef these to it.
I wouldn't give these to it.*
the pokemon was better than this game lol ooooh
If I didn't want the platinum so bad I probably would of like it more but doing everything is too much
for me the movement was just fun
To be fair, that's also what Cyberpunk 2077 did.
I watched a spiderman speedrun, that is the defination of not interesting
I feel like the Spiderman games are something that are way more fun to play than watch.
Getting to spiderweb around is the best part.
yay laki time to cheat oh wait its a race
I havent caught one of these weekly races before, are they all 8 SS and bowser?
Its cause they need to swing optimally so your just seeing the same animation over and over
Glitchless when you get laki so early tho haha
I slept through rando race start again PepeHands
47 more days until the GOAT drops
LUL I can't clap so you're safe
My last seed I had sushie and boos portrait locked behind 30 and 60
I just noticed agumon and darumon on the shelf. My goats PogChamp
What was she doing in there
IT WAS GOMAMON THE WHOLE TIME, AND YOU WERENT CORRECTING ME LUL
How many more items do you need to find that lead you to think you need frying pan?
Green is a low tier color
I see the items are all over the place already lol
I was busy earlier, otherwise I would have joined in this time
oh, sweet! I'm not too late
was watching Digimon Adventure with some people in a vc
that has to be out of logic, right?
thank you for your wisdom, PhantomGamesBot-chan
Is this like, extraordinarily empty for this point in the rando?
I totally forgot about it ngl
Damn they really want you to go back to chapter 2
races are still currently glitchless, yes?
are there no traps in race settings
I have too many trust issues from allsanity
Idk if I can ever just assume something is real
phantom will never trust me to make a seed anymore lol
and it just happened to be goombario start
I'm so close to being able to danger mario on ttyd now, just gotta clear 5
I need more power rush, I only have 1
cause people don't want lp skip
bruh, it's like the second easiest skip outside of water puzzle
If you skip lp I wont tell
Oh neat, my first live one of these.  Good luck!
Oh and don't worry about pronouncing my name; it's a made up word so the pronunciation is too.
I forgot how long it takes to get through the pit of 100 trials. it took an hour just to get to floor 50 for strange sack
It's always a good excuse to hear Large Plant's boss themes though.
I don't suppose BN6 randomizer races are also a thing?
Fair, a lot of the BN scene is focused on the multiplayer and not the rando.  It's really cool that both exist regardless.
train behind pan and bow behind yellow yoshi
so what's the goal on crystal rando? beat red?
that sounds like it takes a loooooooong time
then again, I've never done a key item rando for pokemon
who needs flash for caves when you just have map
I mean, you've seen me do rando. I'm slow as sin
oh yeah, I found a second bottle.. AFTER I finished ice cavern
It's always amazing when boo shop is selling bow
It's vanilla Bow with an extra step.
like, she might as well have been vanilla
this could be one of the seeds of all time
You know, I wasn't serious about the 100% thing..
He did find Double Dip in Prologue though.  Surely it's not a sign'?
If its not in here its super blooper :tf:
you could get it from frying pa
Gonna go with a long shot and say Chapter 6.
That butt stomp was sick af
how is the pan 60 star though? did I miss a update
the only time ive needed star pieces so far was the run where I had to full clear ch5 and every shop in order to get 20 star pieces for boots
hi phantom! hows the rando so far? youve got all the important partners so I assume its going alright
get star bc the others prob wont do it
I say go for pan pc the other people wont do it and if it needed you will prob win
there are what? the pan, and 2 other checks so a 33% chance
still the pan will be pulse stone
Oh yeah, don't you need the Water Stone and what not?
I'm personally in the camp that it wouldn't pan out.
water stone is just a check
Do you have Close Call yet?
seed in the ice cave cutscene Prayge
how many star do u have?
@Phantom5800 if u pass a star get it
First life shroom 90 minutes in?  This really is a low power seed
I learned where panels are just for star pieces
get it if you pass by it
Wow 90 minutes in and you have almost everything lol
well get panels if you pass them so if you do need it it wont take as long
I wish I got seeds like this. I typically have 5 hours under my belt before I get this far in a seed
quizmo always appearing could be nice to help mitigate the issue of stuff being behind 60?
Then again I don't speedrun lol
@Revan_XVII my first few took a while, speeds up a good bit when you do a few
he gave you the exit key
Noice, Close Call is such an amazing badge.
whats the star piece count looking like
I've always like how Jr. Troopa masters actual magic just because he's still mad you rummaged through his bushes.
I'll have to change my color to keep up appearances in the future
But on the other hand, leaving Mega Rush
That Red Kooper pallete is pretty cool.
U LEFT BEHIND A FULL ON MEAL
The duality of stream chat: Frying Pan is Pulse Stone vs. Frying Pan is Goombario.
pulse stone, 1 seed, palace key, frying pan, and goombario
kooper shell into koopa leaf is a sign
I have to mod on a dif channel in 48 mins so hope you get into go mode before
but life shroom is needed for bowser
life shrooms are alive and they give mario there heart when fighting tubba heart and heal when any other fight
did you know tubba devours grease buckets to be in the news?
take the blue shell that turns red
I feel like the Homeward Shroom menuing evens that out.
I'd love that in vanilla, wow.
Half the Danger build in one room, almost.
charge hammer on bowser then beat in 1 hit
charging goombario is good for dark star dojo
well you could charge more then 1 time and not take any damage with bow and repel
I like how he rolled up with two Bom-ombs but only one stayed to fight.  The smart one knew where the wind was blowing.
apple pie? you need frying pan though
wait did you do bucket check
why cant watt use a item
5 more items till go mode
I would say just do danger before final bowser or when you r in go mode
All the life shrooms in the back half of the seed, apparently.
not found a replenishable blue balls
Fast moles must feel good on the rare seeds where it's fast.
I got to 5-4 and got hit by an ant in the stamp room
frying pan may be in logic
Oh neat, my long shot prediction about Pulse Stone came true. That never happens.
we take pbs tho but oof
prediction if frying pan is needed
I'll stop while I'm ahead, but that's just me.
I didn't know your bot was such a big Alpharad fan.
I have to go mod dif channel now
gl with getting the frying pan
How else are you going to find the Star Stone that the Bulb has been growing for thousands of years?
Alphard is the best Pape Rando Randy player in the world
Soda in a bar is easily the least believable thing I've seen all day.
please tell me you've heard of Pac & Pal
Isn't that builder mario from mario maker?
It's an obscure and bad Pac Man game
the only piece of exodia we're missing is the one he left in the tree near desert town
Purple must be the color of bravery, if the Purple Heart is anything to go by.
got some tuna sandwiches and ramun'
Wait, go back.  Maybe if you try hard enough with that Shooting Star'
Tayce. T with a recipe passed down for generations would be a trip, that's for sure.
It would be funny If cooking was random.Like,cook a dried shroom And get a coin
okay, I've stirred from my nap
Tayce T. but her recipes are Koopa Koot rewards.
Wait where was the star I went to the bathroom
damn I  just got back and miss the star stone location where was it
what If items like the cake went to your key item inventory,like the berries
I guess the game does not like having items where they are not supposed to be
If the Berries are already logically supposed to pop up in replenish-able locations, the Berries being items again wouldn't be all that bad imo.
there are glitchs to place key items in your normal items inventory,and the game becomes confused as well
Green kooper looks cursed even tough most koopas are green
I hate this stupid Peach battle,takes way too long
Twink giving people concussions is never not funny to me.
Bowser threw because he wasn't expecting Goth Peach and he wanted out.
And we never found Goombario no matter what others might say
Some say you can still hear his screams
yep hes def not in a tree
goombario is still starving in the forest
It was really fun to be the peanut gallery on one of these races live for once.  Thanks for the fun race!
m4 actually got and turned in the pan
frying pan is in logic required for ch4 now, so curious that that reward didn't have anything
yeah cake itself out of logic now, so you're supposed to bake one
Going for Pan early and it being required would've been a 451 IQ play.
99.9% of the time I find a cake
how's DSE btw? saw you tried that out
oh, huh. I might try that sometime. doesn't sound that bad
there gonna be another DSE stream at some point?
get a little into 6 perhaps
The only tag that matters is el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
yeah,just cheap artificial difficulty,like in master quest
yeah, that one badge comes to mind
berserker definitely helped with chapter 3
CRASHES ARE PART OF THE CHALLENGE. JUST GET BETTER AT THE GAME.
Man you suck at this game
^ I'm saying that every time buff00n doesn't block a millia crossup when we eventually play strive
It's not bad design, it's just bad players.
DSE was definitely not built for console
They made it green so pacepals would like it
Bullet Bills but actually as fast as bullets is not the kind of realism I want introduced to Mario personally.
so it'll be like ruins, but with hp instead of fp
-3HP PER TURN. FUCKIN WOT, MATE
my brain wasn't expecting red berry tree to have red berries
Holy shit, an item that's JUST a buff? I'm shocked.
Forget Bullet Bills, those rocks are the real bullets.
Increasing the HP is like the laziest way to increase difficulty
God forbid if these fuckers respawn when you leave the room
oh god, the berries have the ellipses, what else to they do
How much damage ammazy dayzees do?
@Thiago_Rodrigues30 We increased the enemies' defense, hp and attack power while nerfing your attacks and options and called it a day. Stop being bad.
god, and you still gotta fight laki in these conditions
It's moles, they always will lol
shitty hit boxes and moles go hand in hand, don't you know
at least the speed is not random
harder to block than normal dayzees?
I fucking hate blocking these things in 64
If it is random how the hell are you supposed to time It?
one thing I hate about PM64 is that the max BP is 30
I wonder if that ttyd romhack for pm64 will change that
I wonder If It is possible to change it
99 is the cap in ttyd, if I remember right
this is like if dark souls were a turn based rpg with BS rng
I can't wait for the amazzy dayzees
would happy heart and crazy heart give a lot of health?
that is harder than master 3 LOL
well,It does not say how much FP It costs
I don't know where the frames went
want me to look into this?
well you don't have many choices
some sidequests might be needed cause of how dark star is
GG on winning the race today
this area is just stolen from pro mode,i think
The one time I'm finally able to join, my emulator crashes at the 3-hour mark papeHands
oh yeah I checked frying pan :)
same, but I did that after frying pan lmao
but I realllly fucked up the ending
I mean, if you're running danger mario, why would you have hp drain anyways
I lost like a minute and a half between hallway and jr
they came up with THE weirdest shit to nerf Mario
6 power shock dinks between the 2 and on a turn I could've killed hallway I misclicked focus
alright, what's the damage with his super power
damn how much did I miss I just got back
what If the other action is spawning babies
I tough It was like 900
you need zap tap I guess
Imagine going to another continent just to get 1 coconut
with zap tap It would deal only 16
the most annoying favor in vanilla
You know a bot message is good when it gets completely ignored
I LOVE THIS MOD. ABSOLUTELY A GREAT TIME.
"Let's you perform a Flame Smash" but what does Flamsh Smash DO?
Can't you press a button to see more description?
If you still have Power Jump...
so flame smash uses auto smash unused sprite iirc
did you go to rosie yet
ok, I know around wehre u at now, what did you do past an hour
did you mega quake the moles
cook fried shrooms > get golden melons > sell em for 75c each
It is the bullshit turn point
the vanilla yellow yoshi gives golden melons instead of melons, why that was a great idea is where I have no idea
they don't put you to sleep atleast, but they do have 2 diff atks
massive dmg and stats down iirc lemme check
can confirm, was there for all attempts
just go get boo leaves and cheese it
uh, I think you were meant to sell the melons
you were meant to sell the melons
I never said you should cook those healthy juices Lmao
but add an item to it
all of em after ch6 atmost
regular song : 30 damage + 4 to partner debuff song : 10 damage + 0 to partner, with -2 atk and def to both you and partner
It doesn't pierce invis atleast and it's weak to sleep
you can only recover partner turn to qutta sight again. p much
It's not like you get to play the game anyways if the badge shop doesn't play nice.
gonna use the ol toad glitch?
just shrink your HP down to 1 empero125Thamz
I may play it tomorrow so wanted it mostly blind
that does sound cool in concept at least
Its 2 hits, so "could" be worth LULZ WHO THE FUCK AM I KIDDING OMEGALUL
maybe the real mega quake is the friends we made along the way
I got my haircut so my head feels weird
I haven't had one in 2 years lol
The last time that I had a haircut was twenty three years ago.
My hair goes down past my backside.
Good, 'cause I could strangle you with my hair.
finding my go mode item is torture KEKW
did ya get that secret badge in the pyramid or whatever
I guess we'll never know. Oh well.
what if amayzee dayzee is what has the bean
are you missing only the bean?
Did you have to fight moles first or something?
It rly gives you a different experience when you don't have any shields on
It does lack a lot of console support imao
looks like flower stand, same as flower power, my guess
I wonder how long it will take before...
Based on the dialogue, it may also be after beating the machine/finishing the chapter
If you're at 0 HP/FP, it makes it 50%
I miss the day, it have me 132 FP
ye, fighting Laki alone is fun
gotta run! playing some unite with some friends
ye, time to beat up his gf
I'm not even surprise at that since how this game is going
Top 3 of this strive major
This area is so fucking ugly
Why did they figure out how to make this chapter worse
Your fault for wanting to not play on shitty emulation :)
Am at work but the boss understands my needs
Today my shift is 11:30-7:30 but it varies
I totally get it dude lol
I hate prologue so much lol
Gotta make a fun game out of it lol
Taco Bell > better chair > post stream workout
plus I redeemed a rando once too
all this in 10 months... crazy
just in time for the 21
get a pow block so I can understand how to do pow block strats
Is 6 cap 33% or something
31.8% I think for 6 cap
and double bomb saves like 5.5-6s over double lightning
I really dont understand how ive been double 4'd on lg twice but never have gotten double bomb pepeW
Do you do hurricane/spook hybrid run?
yeah I feel like ive gotten way more double 4 lg than double bomb lmao
as convenient as analog to digital would be I dont really want it tbh
I always thought lightning was like a 60% or something over bomb
yeah wtf are those odds then lmao
I dont really want it either
If emu times stop at 10% of wr then it doesnt really matter
cheerwhal100 saw ya from the discord thought I'd stop by and say hey
Tbh the analog mash for spook is impressive but painful to watch when it fails so yeah
menuing over enemies still feels so inconsistent to me
I probably lose more than a second to tutankoopa from fear of miss inputting
So called 'free thinkers' when el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
lost jokehow bop pace already Kappa
that god run was too insane
2 encounters and I was still ahead of sob out of ch4 monkaW
Not really an interesting unban rq I can assume why they're banned though
They prolly just someone from a specific pape stream
Also jibca didn't feel like doing anything today so my jacko debut isn't today >:(
I put the link and said get your head out your ass
Yo my viewer average is 6.9
My singular windwaker stream got the funny number I gotta retire now
Went to check if that guy was banned on my chat too but I forgot I also sent m4 a request so they prolly are
Jesse hasn't even seen my request but I don't think he even knows how to find it lol
He has all the "gaggingon" accounts banned
Mocking people is usually more fun
That's what wario cord does LOL
We copypasta them then give them a dumb role so they can't talk in important chats
Why you always in marathons when I'm not home lol
less than an hr late. let's go! gl on the run!
Yo is that ghost number man?
ATTWENTION: If uwu owr a woved one has bween and diagnosed wit Mesuwutheliowoma uwu mway bwe enwtitled tuwu financial-wancial compenswation Mesuwutheliowoma is a wayer cwancer winked tuwu asbwestowos expwosure. Expwosure to asbwestowos in dey Nwavey, shwipyards, mwills, hweating, conststwuction. Owr dee automowotive induwstries mway pwut uwu at wisk.
I showed up and fucked it all up. l0l
Cheer100 ATTWENTION: If uwu owr a woved one has bween and diagnosed wit Mesuwutheliowoma uwu mway bwe enwtitled tuwu financial-wancial compenswation Mesuwutheliowoma is a wayer cwancer winked tuwu asbwestowos expwosure. Expwosure to asbwestowos in dey Nwavey, shwipyards, mwills, hweating, conststwuction. Owr dee automowotive induwstries mway pwut uwu at wisk.
I feel like I'm having a stroke. lmfao.
I like when he just had a stroke in the middle
I'm pretty sure the bot said 'Mesuwutheliowoma' 2 different ways
phantom, I'm closing in on 30k points. 23k atm.
that and I try and catch EVERY stream. lol
I'm a little jealous mario. lol
what the Hell are you people typing in chat
I wonder how much of the run percent wise is spent just holding B
there's gotta be at least an hour and a half
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a Goomba. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different. On December 14th, I'm moving to Goomba Village; home of the great Goombario. I've already cut off my arms, and now waddle everywhere I go as training. I may not be a Goomba yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest Goomba ever. Thank you all.
I feel mid game it's just bursts of holding B
@buff00n its a transcript from an personal injury attorney's ad directed toward those suffering from asbestos-related cancer called mesothelioma
I had to type that out from a screenshot because I didn't save it in my storage yet
a quarter of the run being the B button is what makes this so cozy
The ad ran quite frequently on TV
It's not showing up on 7tv
Cause I swear I had it lol
lemme get ready to stream then
Phantom we roomed with someone who was drinking at 11am
It might've been noon after we sat down but we def got there at like 11
I do wanna stream today since I can't play strive but it';s too hot and my fans are loud
next paper mario is gonna be an mmo
IS couldn't handle a lot of things
I would be so down for a paper mario mmo
What would be the playable classes and races?
so phantom, I cheated and got curious. I looked up some end game gameplay of DSE and it's interesting for sure. I won't spoil anything. I just wanted to say I got curious. lol. but that's as much as I'm saying so I don't ruin anything.
Kameks would be magic casters and or healers
cant wait to make my custom hot toad wife huntress char
In all honesty. I don't blame you. it's crazy.
Yeah, but like do we got goomba paladins, toad bards? Etc
I'm also 30 and trying the cool kid lingo. I'm cool. right?
do I doordash garbage food or starve until I can get home to make garbage food plupHmm
Is it 'I gwot diagnose-wosed with Mesuwutheliowoma'?
Did you look at the group chat lol
taco bell is good garbage food tho
Actual place I passed while driving
ok FINE you've convinced me to order a seafood burrito
Look it up, it's a place in North Carolina
I would not trust a lot of food in minnesota
Its surprisingly good for midwest seafood
never been poisoned from this place EZ
You're just not aware of it
I went into Dalus chat and said "good luck to everyone but Dalus KEKW "
(My BF and I drove down to the beach)
I'm from Maryland so we're known for our crabs
Of both eating crabs and horseshoe crabs
I love me some smoked salmon, though I'm not supposed to have salmon, or crabs either monadoKEK
I love me some sushi especially the tuna based one
I mean imitation crab is great because I can have it
one of my friends is deathly allergic to shrimp but still eats it on a weekly basis
just carries around medicine with him when he goes out and suffers
And it's not like I'm allergic or will implode if I eat any of my food no-nos, it's just not good for me in the long run LUL
So the armored water spiders are okay lobsters and shrimps are a no, interesting, normally people have it the opposite
dont forget to get a pow block
Crabs are like armored water spiders if you think about it
we got a good run going?
alright, now to get speedy spin
I'm doing good! mowed the lawn today
that's more than what I've done today. lol. I haven't done shit today.
and learned that I still have a lot to learn in DBFZ
still one of the best fighting games I've ever played
2nd try is still better than like 7plus?
Don't worry. You're about to make it all up at Mt. Rugged.
I have someon DMing me asking if I could make them an Absol plushie
you've kinda been getting rolled by speedy since you started up again pepeW
Do I respond with absol-lutely monadoKEK
your co troller is trying to sabotage this run!!
clearly snap back is why TTYD doesn't have spin
ruins jump to save the run
have you messed with outpost jump much
even MY brain is telling me I have timesave to get elsewhere 4Head
whatever you do dont pick up slow go
Rando muscle memory, a gift and a curse
just blow on it to seed rng
could you send me your split file after stream sometime
I should probably swap sooner than later if I'm going to swap
I want it more so I dont have to manually add more splits but I'm def adding a phantom comp
ye I split in weird spots
*random* I have half an hr before I can swap my clothes from washer to dryer. and then I can continue relaxing and doing nothing. lol
They're unique splits that's for sure
I do it on purpose. because it's loud and unexpected. l0l
I probably shouldn't be doing that in like a speedrun though. lol.
You don't want a certified hash brown moment?
yeah I cant imagine actually running with that lmao
I'm so easily distracted by sounds
komari said I'm good at slots LUL
let me guess,test is faster in the japanese version
I wonder why It always is,in every single nintendo game
yeah,because japanese uses less caracters,so text boxes are smaller
are you still on possible pb pace?
"Another student took her pencil and she referred to him as a [Hanzo Main] I have no idea what this means, however it was clearly meant as an insult" Upon seeing this note the parents laughed for half an hour KEKW
guess that teacher doesnt play overwatch lol
@jokehow yeah lets just copy paste the same room 3 times because why not
not enough to get my aproval
even the game hates this hallway because they actually just keep It later
My starter is a jolly ttar with rock slide
Also I put on a setting for legendary music to accompany the statics no matter what and it apparently always applies to whatever the random pokemon is in that encounter
A Jolly Tyranitar is scary to against.
Cause I'm getting legendary music from an ekans rn LOL
Bot you can't turn in the vase before chapter 5
holy shit I didnt even realize it was the bot
pivot this into a glundo for phantombot
yo we have !peed on this channel?
Glundo speedrun halfway through? Do it.
I thought that just said axl for a sec
We are not worth looking at rn
I tried to get the bot stuck in an infinite loop
can you add flushed for !pooped
I like !pood more than !pooped
I like this meaning of pooped better
so we'd have !peed and !pood
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a Goomba. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different. On December 14th, I'm moving to Goomba Village; home of the great Goombario. I've already cut off my arms, and now waddle everywhere I go as training. I may not be a Goomba yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest Goomba ever. Thank you all.
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a Goomba. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different. On December 14th, I'm moving to Goomba Village; home of the great Goombario. I've already cut off my arms, and now waddle everywhere I go as training. I may not be a Goomba yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest Goomba ever. Thank you all.
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become @realblopez
Can you doxx yourself so I can make an accurate pasta rendition for you
@RuneRavenFP But how did you write this message if your arms are gone?
Hello, I am currently @Starry_Arie and I want to become @realblopez. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different.
Hello, I am currently @Starry_Arie and I want to become @realblopez. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different.
TacoGuyy: Hello, I am currently @Starry_Arie and I want to become @realblopez. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different.
shit I spelled it like the pokemon
I thouhgt I had to ban that
watch out phantom you're in peril
First time chat and saw 3 of those letters and was like HOL UP
Do you wanna be my next encounter
You're going to die to a vine whip
And you have aurasphere to mash
You almost killed my ttar lol
Youre one of the best b-holders I know
very convenient window right there however
every streamer worth their salt has a pee pee jug
string together a series of adapters and wave birds until you can reach
yooo whats going on, how we doing today?
"Your ttar doesn't do well against water pokemon! Here's a ponyta!" thank you dream yard trainer
The ponyta has baton pass and jolly
Ive recently realized that I have only seen a small portion of the game bc I binge your randos lol
he's forced to save the yoshis in this
I mean mario could just say he saved them and continue on his merry way
my dog is sleeping next to me with his ass in my face. I swear he does this on purpose.
I do hate to be there
so no X or Z seeds?
It had a kyogre with tbolt and scald
I couldn't do anything about it lol
gotta get a nice pb with first strike and luigi skip before its in effect
you didnt want that life shroom anyways
the ultimate pace pal splits pb
glad the devs got a little creative on this one
yo gl, what time are you going for?
recently started running this I'm really bad at blocks still
what if you do star rod timing, time for another run? Kappa
do you know you can unplug while holding b and advance the cutscenes automatically?
oh my, in my run this weekend I got caught as peach twice lmfao
I cant stay for long cause I gotta go to work cats4eSad
there are literally 5 people here tonight including me ResidentSleeper
currently in bed waiting to pass out
I gotta wake up at 430 in the morning tomorrow. yay me.
I'm a professional phantom watcher rn
depending on the day I'm paid to exist inside the building
phantom is a building ? monkaS
I'll bring my setup to work sometimes and thats usually when I practice EZ
Ive been playing WoW right. And I will NEVER like navigating Stormwind BabyRage
wait 4hours in queue to get lost in stormwind
weird game design to make you give them one by one
kinda off topic but do you think random will eventually have QOL shop changes
that's what I'll be doing when phantom ends stream. binging his randos on the tubes.
I return from my excursion to the bar
Is the bot learning pape monkaW
I can't do apple pie. makes me Wana puke just smelling it.
still grumpy about the Malort's, I understand
I gave another friend a shot of that today,
He's the only one who could stomach it thus far
I just noticed spikes make the same sizzle sound as lava in overworld
Its so hard to not kill a run pepeW
maybe make balanced splits to compare against?
I have the timesave for getting speedied but it destroys me mentally
what a triumphant reset sound lol
before I got this 356 my avg splits were better than my pb
bombette push only glitched logic to cool down for the night
Ive tried mirror clip for a solid hour and never got it
you sure you down want to enable [insert really hard trick here]?
I understand the concept I'm just bad
enable that one sewer pipe skip
surely it wont have an effect
Is hammer and boots rando? or is that not in race settings.
non full gear shuffle feels wrong now
I personally enjoy having boots and hammer rando.
you could get lucky and have ultra both in 15minutes. xd
If the first check isnt a hammer imma be angy
keep goombario out for luck wtf
sushie is getting his well deserved screen time
a lot of hammerless seeds are more like a 20-40 coin deficit seed
ok re roll you found hammer to early  LUL
when does Lucky Star become an item you have to find
weight chest and box in the room are both boots
super boots and ultra boots behind the wright
Imagine finding the lucky star in a hammerless run.
does the bot just stumble together words and try to make sentences?
How do you determine the difficulty shuffle amount for chapters?
pls just take that and say it later
Flower Saver is 2 BP!? PogChamp
what is happening to the music
It sounded pretty abnormal in the shop
If music sounds off, it could be a Twitch issue
Boo's Portrait means we don't need the weight right?
So with Merlow changed, are Star Pieces more valuable now?
my favorite cutscene is feeding big Boi
did you say there's a chart somewhere with the ch difficulty hp values
do you have enough items to sell for 50 coins? to go to 1.
oh yeah. I forgot about 7. I'm trying to be helpful. lmfao.
hiiii so I just got done my third stream of bf derust, doing ch4 cleanups now
I get reminded why the dialogues are so freaking good
and I spent 2 hours on trying to do carmina early lol
ecology is so boring, why do I have to learn this shit if its not what I'm going into
I'm a forensic science and biology major, so I get why but like whyyyyy
I should have went to school after high school, but my rebellious attitude had other plans x.x
the prereqs are stupid, I had to take a global literacy credit so I ended up taking a philosophy class, easiest A ever
True that, college is a scam half the time
honestly, ive been in school since graduating high school and I just had to add another year of college
thats always good, you dont have to worry about paying it back
I wish I could just pass, I have to maintain a 3.0 and I'm chilling at a 3.6 lets go baby
I'm heading out gl with rando and have a good rest of stream
my twitch crashed. hopefully I didn't miss anything.
nope. I didn't miss a lot. was he behind tree
I am dying for wwhd rando at this point
Phantoms rac is too much for this world
Jcog prolly will just to do it
I always felt like the whole point of RAC was the ridiculous setup for retrigger prologue
taking that out is changing the entirety of the run
I just started playing my first PM64 rando seed the other day! any advice?
I have a feeling bombette is in Chap 1
^ I'm betting toybox, its my go to guessing spot lol
so many items and chests in toybox
I'm gonna guess bombette is cake check
What do you do in keysanity off
see, I'm not a very good player so I chose progressive :P
haha! you fell for the trap. loser
Unpopular opinion: I love green bombette
I think its just too bright, maybe if it was duller looking I'd enjoy it more
Is it pretty hot up there today, phantom?
Lucky. I'm in California. It was 109 an hour ago x.x
I miss living in WA lol
I'm in norcal and it's 93 :(
alrighty homework is done for this week phanto274Jam
That's rough @lewisandspark I'm in the Central Valley
I'm normally in LA and I heard that's also awful rn
I feel bad for yall nc has been cooling down to around high 80s
It was like low 80s today here. ND
Yeah, LA and SD are getting hit too. It's in the upper 90s or something outrageous
Was supposed to go to Disneyland tomorrow for a couple days. Kinda glad I'm not going anymore
It was messing with you lol
Probably from fighting the Koopa and doing the skip before reloading room?
Just chillin here tired. Good to catch another run!
Can't you technically get to Crystal Palace?
for the longest time I didn't realize that you always fight the bloobers in order, regardless of which location you do first
what does hammerless start mean btw?
Watched your first hammerless run on YT and noticed it was hell lol
It's interesting you haven't found anything for 6 yet. like nothing.
Was interesting finding out that's possible tho I'll say
I think it was 7 charges
I swear that block is impossible.
that's a win in my book.
What are the odds Blue Key is useful this seed?
Mayor Penguin out here dropping a mix tape
youre suffocating him, let him breathe!!!
wdym? did they not know about the trick or they just drew a blank on what it was?
It was found when I was active before my hiatus on speedrun stuff
and that was in wsplit times
everything had split in the name
hopefully there's nothing behind that wall in the ice.
oh good. I didn't know if you still could or not after using star stone.
Should I do the unthinkable and stream
I am not playing millia only anymore and I'm not playing windwaker
Well this time you didn't have a shortcut
Maybe Chapter 3 next? Record + Tubba Key?
If you actually need 50 star pieces that is gross
do you have bow-less toy box glitch on?
Unless there was replenishable Tayce T somewhere
You just sold a Lime Candy, not sure where you got it from
Artist I follow just beat xb3
They said "WHen are we allowed to talk about 'the photo' I don't know how I feel about it at all"
A lot of people don't like the idea around it LMAO
Did... you just Homeward Shroom cancel on Koopa Village 1?
Just be careful when you get to 6, yeah
I think the Pebble was a Star Piece
almost 2hrs in and still nothing for 6.
you can buy a letter in chapter 7
When you deliver the Mayor's letter, double check that panel
I totally forgot you needed super hammer for prologue
Koopa Village and Harry's Shop had one too
Have fun with this nightmare I'm gonna play rune factory
Check if Merlow is selling a Star Piece?
I receive: 2 star pieces. you recieve: 1 star pieces. Deal?
maybe this blooper will give a star piece
Is there any chance you've missed a Quizmo?
I think in rando it's 2 per town except Toad Town which has 4
That I don't know, I assume it's random on load
what do you need the star pieces for?
I totally forgot about it until now
reward 8 is also 3 pieces, which is merluvlee's autograph
maybe 1 is a star piece
the seed I am having on bf mystery rn is the kind of seed I send to my freinds
like I had both power exchange...before reaching defiant
first tried b33 due to this
That makes a little more sense monkaS
Should've gone there earlier, I guess
I guess the reason was that you didn't want to make multiple trips to 3? But then you had to anyway?
Would you hope for it to be something or nothing?
you're going to put a weight off your shoulders :)
Items you most want to see are Bombette or Super Hammer, right?
More so if Bombette is though, bc then Weight would be hard required
Still going with bombette in cake check
wait, if a knife is inserted into you, yoou don't want to remove it :(
that was a weight off your shoulder now
that is crazy. I'm still dying right now.
just send this seed to jcog without any explanations
8:15pm and it's still 103 degrees outside. Fml
How many Star Pieces will you see in Chapter 4? Because that might make this seed less painful than you made it
Imagine if th e item you need to give to gourmet was ranfom lol
Unless every check in Red Station is a Star Piece, most of what you did is required, huh
I don't think anyone watching right now will ever forget this seed. lmao.
I don't think I will forget about 50 star pieces req
you never got the 2 in chapter 5 right?
and that give more star pieces most likely
50 star piece required for weight
1STSTAR__ after getting enough star pieces for the weight from Merlow (a lot!)
It was like 50 pieces? 60?
bombette and super hammer behind weight
hopefully chap 2 has your chap 6 shit.
This is gonna be a funny youtube vid
Visiting every chapter 5 times hunting for Star Pieces: YEP Content
Do you think I'd be able to do one of these without any prior knowledge of pm64
@1STSTAR__ you can tweak the difficulty, so probably
the fact you're still getting them is ridiculous. lmfao
They did remove several of Quizmo's
ah, ok. yeah 96 + 64 quizmo vanilla idk that they changed it
I'm assuming the desert has all your chap 6 stuff. I mean, where else would it be?
@iAmKrisXx If both seeds are in Tubba's Castle, the rest could be in 6
Me being banned in your chat at one point made me perma banned in Taco's chat
It'd like 2hrs past my bedtime, but idfc because this rando is gold.
my guess was a star piece
Most times Ive watched these cpt 2 seems to like having cpt 6 shit
Hey Phantom str9ngHello how's the rando?
Now all you need is kooper and other stuff
50 Star Pieces with 2 whole chapters completely inaccessible
you have dizzy stomp don't you?
almost 11pm and I have to wake up at 430. ugh. I can't stop watching though.
this seed is just too good. lmao.
Are we discussing Chapter 6 strats, bot?
I should be playing soul hacker 2 right now but this rando is too good
It's funny to m that "Chill Out
made by the same people that make persona games
I should be working right now, but this rando is too good
I should be sleeping right now, but this rando is too good :)
please don't let the seed be behind Goomba king. omg
This is your 3rd Castle entrance but IDK if you found anything useful the first time
4 things till go mode? am I counting that right?
Well, forced w/o early Toybox anyway
should be 3 right? kooper red key and seed
@blacktiger51 He found dirt after that message
I looked away for 3 seconds lmao
Not going to give Tubba a turn
I didn't even have to remind you.
Helping find all the star pieces. LUL
I walked away for 2 seconds! was the other seed behind calculator?!
mobile is slow but I see it in your chat
Aren't you going to grab Chill Out to avoid getting stung? Kappa
I now have more points that axl
It's late, I really should go to bed, gl with the rest of the run!
B I G - S H O T
I did consider making you play pepsiman
It got into gdq so that's something it has over battle network
we need a paper mario rando for gdq
I'd like to see a rando at gdq that isn't pokemon, that's gotten boring
when I went they had a lttp rando race
ww rando would be cool to have
I would love to see a glitched zelda mm rando at gdq
most of the time the runs that get into gdq are just meh to me
gdq been boring the pass couple of years
I have no idea what dog island is I know you run it tho
everytime I try I wish I was watching something else
the in-between segments with runner interviews and talking about prizes is real hit-or-miss, but when it misses, oh man does it cringe
It's hard for me to get into a speedrun if I never seen it
It's about time yoshi returned to gdq
you missed the ? block check
prologue 3 and a half hours in
oh my guess is still anti guy
don't you need kooper to get to chapter 7?
what if kooper is storage room lol
Why can't the last 30 minutes go as fast as the 30 minutes before work go NotLikeThis Thanks for keeping me occupied tho lol
WHERE IN THE MUSHROOM KINGDOM IS KOOPER THE KOOPA
kooper is actually just behind ya
bucket behind star stone check then kooper behind snowman gift
he's caught bouncing between two blocks after a schoolyard accident
sushi is here to take names
"I've frozen this errant Koopa Troopa who got lost away from its natural habitat"
rising from the ice LIKE A CHAMP
He sealed himself in ice, hoping that his idol Kolorado would stumble upon him and impart his wisdom
cryogenic preservation because it took Mario so long to get there
also lmao have to watch the stair cutscene again
welp totally time for you to get the key for the door now YEP
post it in the rando discord and say have fun LUL
only 10k more points until I can give you a seed LUL
gonna have to find the perfect seed for you
I won't be mean won't put on english raph skip
I'm still gonna have to beat it so
that laki tp pass the mirror didn't look too hard Kappa
pretty sure it is could be wrong tho
and I been here since the start of the steam didn't think it was that long
defense plus than you don't have to block
wasn't it 1 or was that damage dodge that 1
I wonder if it even possible to remove that fight
we need to get that fight remove
a glitchless vanilla sNeed with vanilla options Rando Randy
let's see if Phantom will beat prologue Bowser
I enjoy a good reset hell but its not interesting
I'm already running that game irl
good luck with your 1% pb chance
pitching in for the rental car stays getting cheaper
as long as we don't get a 6th, we should be fine
how do you fix a disappearing chat box?
I see jcogs chat but no place for me to type
I saw Halq had followed me before I saw the dm
I was baffled, to say the least
halq follow the non-cheesecake account tho
can't wait until PhantomGamesBot says something with "cheesecake"
If it's tame enough, I'll retweet it on main
If it's not THAT tame, well it'll be funny when people see it on their timeline
I've sent Taco a few things with the warning: "this specific post I don't feel bad sharing with you. Everything else they have, view at your own discretion"
I keep expecting you to Homeward Shroom whenever you menu
9/10 times, if it's Lucina, it's me
I mean Phantom started with Goombario, do you really think he'd want that in his run? (Goombario is very cool)
When I saw pokemon reveal today I laughed so hard screaming, "its like fire emblem awakening!! ITS HAS NO FEET!!"
Battle Network community popped off for those pkmn designs
did you dm me the crosses earlier?
when pokemon stop stealing bn ideas, first sun and moon, then gregar and falzar, and now this!
also zekrom and reshiram is literally red eyes black dragon and blue eyes white dragon
lurking, assuming my phone doesn't freak
I haven't even played sword or shield yet
I still have shield so maybe I'll give it another chance
damn I will get it 1 day just don't wanna pay full price for it
most open world games are boring to me
Gen 5 and before every town had some kinda lore or reason the NPCs lived there. Gen 6 got rid of that
now its "let me show you where the gym is"
I'm waiting on Shovel Knight Dig, Nier Automata (Switch) & Sonic Frontiers. I've already too much on my plate for Pok'mon
Gen 5 gets a pass from me
despite it being a circle there was still lore everrywhere I went
after 4th gen I stop liking pokemon that much
really!! Gen 5 is my second favorite
It my weekend How are you phantom?
@Axl_Sensei It has! The floors were put in and now we are just doing finishing touches. Setting up the kitchen and such. We moved the fridge down the other day. That was an adventure
did gen5 have that many legends?
the only gen 5 pokemon I like is krookodile
and even then gen 3 is iffy for me LUL
the ice cream is my friend
best pokemon game is heart gold and soul silver
at least BF returned in platinum
1 thing I hate about the newer pokemon game is the exp share is way too op
Its the same problem moderrn paper mario has
I really enjoyed triple battles online
Pok'mon has been declining in the quality of their gimmicks
like colosseum and xd gale of darkness
are there any double battle rom hacks?
Radical Red has a few double battles implemented in it
and they added gen 8 with some new form variants
looking a radical red, the over world is gen 3, stat page is gen5, and it has megas
yeah you actually have to know how to battle or what to battle with otherwise you'll be seeing the game over screen a lot... but I like it cause of Self Sustain Turtwig.
you can pick which region you want!?
I was introduced to it by a friend that loves competitive Pok'mon
so how does it handle starters?
okay so you pick the region first
Idk if it's a me thing, I never liked mt. rugged as a area in the game
OMEGALUL the rival had geodude with flamethrower KEKW
@ohrocks pkmn gimmicks peaked with Mega Evolutions. It's been downhill since.
Thanks for what you do, I watch your videos every time one is posted, Paper Mario is one of my favorite games! Love the randomizer content phanto274BLANKIES
Megas were the best thing introduced
If it helps, most of the time I fall asleep to your vids, so my TV plays all the way through like 3 of your videos LUL
I would recommend gen 5 personally
I've wanted to play it for as long as I can remember but I can't find a copy of it
black 2 is the better exp tho
I agree with axl and I hate gen 5
I saw a copy of black for 800 dollars on amazon
where did he sign it at?
I have sealed copies of white and white 2, I'd like copies I could play lol
my cousin might actually have copies of gen 5
how did you happen to meet the man himself?
make the DK plush your BRB scene
I was memeing, having him sitting at your desk with a headset on
also McDonald's made a rare hit tweet
hey dude good luck phanto274Smile does randomsauce do a different route for WR? if so, hows it different
so the difference in route starts at C3
cause I'm looking at his chapter 2 time and its like mid 1:00 which is nuts
yeah I buy an extra pow
wtf how can you even get a 37 chapter 1 thats wild
the one takeaway I got from this game is that its really not too difficult but you guys play so close to your sum of best its insane
for majoras mask, a run thats 6 mins off sum of best is pretty good
If you lose 1 min per hour in Majoras mask you are a god gamer
I started making a shit load of new glitchless saves
glitchless def has some gaps in the save states right now
I'm making way too many but thats probably better anyways
Ive got some saves but I think there just need to be more throughout the run
I'm at like 40 pre ch 4 monkaW
make one when you pass every single enemy
before every mandatory fight ive made one at least
ok I need to watch you guys play more cause I literally dont understand how this split is like 20 seconds faster than mine, its so easy
my movement is prob very bad
I mean like my gourmet guy split is 10:35 or something and it felt pretty solid
I split when hes off screen ok that makes more sense
unironically just watch wr and copy movement 5Head
thats the kinda based thing about general movement
Is it possible to jump that gap between those 2 spring boxes
like right before that shy guy
It's frame perfect tho and saves like .1
It's honestly not that hard tbh but if you fail you lose like 4s
oh yeah I wanna try that tonight when I get to ch6
do you always land in the same spot after hitting the spring boxes
In my brain ive always felt standing further away makes the flyguy lure work better COPIUM
that's why the jump in blue station isn't that hard
dang morpheus is a god gamer at this game, hes been playing MM lately and doing well at that too
we raced gless to 3:46 and then he got really good at glitches
I beat simplys marth at GDQ and thats all I need to inflate my ego
well, his ultimate marth so def not as cracked but still
my highest placement is 4th in a 16 man local KKona Clap
damn thats solid tho, I got 9th out of 24
damn someone on the boards has a 4:00:00
epilogue skip can save them :tf:
heah thats gonna be a deal breaker for me sorry
thats it I'm raising hell in the discord, ban all peach segments
I'm convinced its not a 60/40
I'm starting to think double bomb isnt even real
last time I got double bomb was 2021
every run ive gotten to general guy has given me double bomb except 2 of them KEKWait
(ive gotten 2 runs to general guy)
I want it on record; I am not responsible for PhantomGamesBot's developing horniness. I am too smart a sample size to influence a bot with that much eagerness
reminds me when lp gave me 6 cap 8 times in a row
lost life shroom to monstar Kappa
my pb basically lost a life shroom to monstar
I died to ch7 jr lmfao
only reason I'm not rocking a 3:47 rn
I hold b going into that room bc I've done that too often lmao
what if we banned this HmmCouncil
I'm just trying to get a solid run in glitchless before then so I can get grandfathered in EZ
at least get rid of all tab Prayge
surely we can do something right COPIUM
I vote we move gltichless tab ahead of all bosses at least
Its BURIED in main boards even
yeah tab order should change hopefully
probably all cards/no ACE/gless being the front three in some order
for me probably no ACE/all cards/gless/hundo/misc
I'm still wanting to run real hundo one day
when jcog makes the tutorial COPIUM
wait did you tap UL notch and spin down
I slow walk two steps and spin down
but I wonder if I can tap down left and spin down
man I really wanna run this again
I enjoy the mystery of "wtf did I press" tho
I'm down to grab a top spot on switch
only 2hrs late! let's go! hello btw. (:
how's the run going so far?
I see a gold split in prolog. y0
you mean you're going to GOLD SPLIT moles.
yeah I split on lz too
I thought morph split on LZ too
also, ordered pizza, because I'm exhausted and don't feel like cooking. feeling pretty lazy right about now.
beyond going in with 13 hp nope
I can't believe you just ate away all your money ):!!
Hope the runs going good. I'm currently highlighting PBs
did you get speedy spin 1st try?
I got top step for the first time yesterday
I forgot that laky has a gf
If my pb already has risky ending then for sure would rather run against that
yeah if you're already doing risky ending then you gotta accept your fate lmao
that said, it's never too late to turn back COPIUM
I cant believe that smooch backup actually worked the other day
never know when your brain is gonna accidentally block everything
gonna hunt down some food, glgl
my pizza didn't stand a chance btw.
just took some muscle relaxers and now it's time to relax and watch my favorite streamer. (:!!
making ch4 saves and just got double 4'd awesome
good to get that out of the way
didnt die to monstar this time EZ
pepeW risky jr here we come
good practice for the real pb COPIUM
I'm grinding that specific hallway tonight
how much time does this crystal king fight save
how much time do you lose if you miss cannon jumps?
dark room is actually pitch black on twitch lol
since you have input display I might actually be able to copy
whats up? hows the run going?
I take sip of truly now
Everything's good phanto274Tea I believe in 2 turn hallway Prayge
how many life shrooms you got?
Sometimes I hate debuffs in games
Just took quadruple the damage I should've in that fight fifiRage
Well guess its more just a negative status, but still KEKW
I uses to DM for a bunch of my friends a while ago.
Ive always wanted to try and play dnd, even had a group talk about it but we never followed through with it
I've never tried it that way. I've heard doing table top is super fun.
dnd is is relly fun if you have a good DM
you all start at lvl 1? if so, what lvl are you at a month in?
l0l. my players did that too. they always wanted to fuck around in random towns and tie up the shop keepers. like wtf? l0l
bowser angy so he stomp foot like little brat
used up all the rng this run on final rip
My favorite part of the run, holding B!
4 cap on LP is usually par for the course
thank you for the stream! have tons of fun with dnd tonight! see you next stream!
sad I caught just the end of stream but have fun!
yo where my glitchless gary's at?
did you get the blister from too much Mario Party 64?
Ive been at work for 2 hours just waiting for you to go live
Today is a new day, and that means a new run.
I had no idea m4's was all hurricane
I'm averaging 21s now so yeah just a little bit of prac goes a long way in prologue
I learned new goomba path movement but its too scary
I'm just bad at remembering to look at any point
Is there no time difference between holding b or tapping b?
how was the run 2 days ago I miss the ending
I like Paper Mario music, okay?
Yeaaah.. That could save some time.
Inb4 one switch run and instant 21:4x prologue
My joke has been trumped well and truly
the menu lag is so weird
How's the run going so far?
I just wanted to be a rebel.
Kooper's little shake is so cute. It's like he's so excited he just vibrates lol
So like.. 3 and a half, 2, 1.
I forgot how different the spin is without speedy
Ironically I only mess up the jumps on the second firebars
dont worry I made a save for that Kappa
phantom these coin spawns are what we call 'good' you don't get to experience it very often but it's pretty cool when you do
just in time for Ch 2
that is an emote name keizaLUL
casually walking in at the worst possible moment
If Prologue has a million fans I am one of them. If Prologue has ten fans I am one of them. If Prologue has only one fan, that is me. If Prologue has 0.5 fans, I have been cut in half. If Prologue has 0.25 fans, I have been cut in four. If Prologue has 0.125 fans, I am a pizza.
are you doing a particular category?
Went away for a bit, did Ralph speedy you?
I've been trying to convince the others to do item rando more often
I like the other categories, too, but I'd pick item rando if I had to choose one
If you want some company, I could ask the others to swap to saturdays
Is pape entrance rando a thing
pape rando is still so new. entrance rando could be a future plan for the devs
ch0m and I do prime on saturdays anyway, so it should be no problem for us to swap to pokemon on saturdays and prime on mondays. I'd just have to check, because it's not only me and ch0m
I think ch0m has done like 2 item randos and didn't even finish both, so you won't be left out if you decide to join us
were you and halq at an event?
ah, I might have time to check it out today keizaSmug
I've been telling myself I would set up pape rando, I just haven't gotten around to it
I'd have to play on emulator keizaShrug
I just set up my wii u to play randomizers, but n64 is like the only thing I can't get it to run keizaLUL
I tested prime on it yesterday, and it looked amazeballs
what do you know about it? does it temporarily overwrite the vanilla pape vc install or emulate or something?
I still don't get why wii u doesn't have gc virtual console
wii u doesn't have the oomph to emulate GC. you have to run it natively through vWii
a homebrewed wii is probably the best console
I got my wii back from my dad to play prime randos on it, but the visual quality made is surprisingly hard to play. everything was so darkened. keizaShrug
I agree that the weekly race doesn't belong in gless
that's why I set up my wii u to play it, because it only cost me the money to buy a memory card. I didn't check how much a component connection would've cost
nah, don't need to slow down. just overclock your brain and it'll seem slower keizaBot
Perfect time to catch prologue hell yeah. Glgl
I've never tried it, but I imagine it makes everything very boring
get hired, take the first week off for vacation
back just in time for the best scene in the game
why would somebody do that, joke keizaLUL
I've played it all the way through, and, I've played many World of Darkness RPGs.
Wait, YOU were working on the new game???
Bruh. I need a release date.
To be fair, said company is doing basically nothing right now anyways.
We may never see said game.
Where did this crunch mode get them? Nowhere.
were you at least getting overtime pay?
If you can't tell, I'm super salty that they currently indefinitely canceled work on the game.
salary is a scam. just like salad
Gimme that early game leak. >_>
I honestly don't care how bad the game ends up being.
I just need it in my life.
Hold on. Let's go back to that bit about the switch.
I really wish that it wasn't silent.
On the VTM2 website, literally nothing on there is clickable, by the way.
Like, not a single click function.
If you have an in with N, you should get them to produce my pokemon thing
too creative, obviously. have you seen their recent games? keizaDerp
I will say, Pok'mon company is neat to work with
And have we seen a Pokemon TV release for the switch yet?
Just get a job at twitch. 5head.
I was rowing that boat last year. I had no job for like 5 months and wasn't actually looking
omg! I made it for the PROLOG!!
how're runs going? glad I made it! just got home from work. 6am to almost 7pm. ugh. ON A FRIDAY!!
this is the run for sure! now that I'm here of course. l0l
nah, this isn't better than getting first struck by a parakoopa keizaDerp no way
Depends on the start. If it's Johnny Depp, yes.
Did he bring anything to do?
I'm currently putting myself in a food coma.
you finish a run? nah keep dreaming Kappa
finishing a run it'll be after 11 keizaShrug
Inconsiderate toad standing n the middle of the road
does that say you beat your gold by 0.1 but you're ahead of pb by 2.4? how does that happen on the first split?
but if your best split ever... I'm very confused
The Glitchless grind doesn't stop. LET'S GO! phanto274BLANKIES
oh, I'm an idiot, I was looking at them backwards
I hope this is a PB now so my idiocy is immortalized in the VOD
I very much feel foolish and I'm not even drinking keizaW
a beer does sound really nice right now.
Drinking now, stream viewing not sponsored by bang mixx but is v good
Here's some Good Fright Jar RNG
I can't do selzers. hurts my tummy.
This is the first try speedy run too phanto274Rage
gotta say keizaHey to Rowf, come on keizaW
Ah, Fright Jar. The best item in the game, amirite? Kappa
either one more prolog, or a rando 0.0
I like how you corrected "more" but not "prologue" keizaLUL
get 21 prologue then just go to sleep.
not even finish the run, just straight to bed keizaW
quit getting distracted by my dumb jokes, obviously keizaDerp
well that explains why you keep dying to hallway bowser. not being serious enough
quit using the Jump action and start using the Focus action
what did I tell you about dying to hallway bowser
If only I had 2k more points. teehee
can't you make it like 3 hours instead
that's not bad. but it'd look better if it was 15
I'm just randoing the subs. lol I probably should just gift to people who are regulars.
that's a lot of effort. you have know who's who and who doesn't already sub
wait I missed it do prologue again please
It almost actually makes sense, too. there's a super soda in this game keizaThink
I do like to guess fuzzys, but I never get them right. I always guess around the same thing. one of these days it'll be right. lol
I just got BBQ sauce all over my desk
good thing it didn't get on my map
fuck. I missed fuzzys. my dog needed to go out.
that sign jumped right in front of you keizaW
I feel like Gltchless is probably harder than Any% in this game. Just imagining going through the toy box fast gives me shivers lol
Do you use peril strats in glitchless?
Any difference between JP and USA versions of Paper Mario? Other than translations
I used to have this route memorized. I've kinda fallen off the train
I think there are tricks that are different'
JP has an easier tree skip in chapter 5
Oh, I thought it was more rated R stuff
trying to keep up with keiz's revolving door of emotes
how much does the logic account for glitches in rando?
What sucks is no cutscene skips
are you sure you can beat bowser with 10 HP keizaDerp
I imagine beating bowser with 5 HP isn't actually terrible, because he won't heal, right?
man, I've been away way too long, I keep forgetting simple things
or you dropped a bounce keizaW
hopefully it get it would love to watch a rando from u at gdq
Hi ! I'm doing great. Hyped to catch almost a full run
didn't get trolled by Rowf keizaGasm
how many channel points to request FFZ emote keizaLUL
I was subbed to keiz for a few years so these emotes are nostalgic to me lol
did you know he ran bn4 and bn2
hard to find many emotes with a weavile
bn4 was more a race meme
also the raikou, weavile, and jynx emotes were by our.
ouro same guy that made mine
I'm working on an animated emote keizaHope
muscle relaxers are kicking in. I must go to sleepy sleep. gl on the run, see you tomorrow hopefully! gnight everyone.
I've asked him about making more, but he just has no more interest in it. it's a shame, they are so clean
how much do they charge? I paid around 55 for 3 at a time
when did I get this phanto274Snake
okay I just never used it then
are there any ekans in red glitchless?
was that windows alert you or me?
I have the volume mixer pinned to my task bar so I can consistently adjust
weavile, axlsenWut axlsenCoward for both of these I just told ouro to copy keizwut and keizcoward LUL
am I going to be embarrassed that I don't know them?
I found the windows alert, btw
I wanted obsucure emotes most wouldn't notice but bn fans would know right away. also if capcom dmca emotes it's "not" megaman so they prob wouldn't notice LUL
I just straight up drew pokemon for my emotes
I'm not going to get big enough to get noticed and DMCA
okay, the mettaur is a give away but outside of that
Is your monkaS emote also from battle network, axl?
It sorta looks like a wizzerd
Ima find the clip for weavile
nah, there's no RNG. what do you think this is, an RPG? keizaW
damn... my pasta is too long
What can I say? I'm a straight guy. Yeah I care about plot and writing and development and all that jazz but I would be lying through my teeth if I said a little fanservice bothered me because it honestly doesn't. Now this doesn't mean I'm some freak hentai addict or a weirdo that gets off from cartoons but... Cheer100
yeah those girls do be looking good and a little tits or ass angle is kinda nice to see sometimes. It's not like I'm actively looking for it but I don't drop an anime because of it. Even in a super serious anime like Code Geass the fan service would honestly make me laugh bc of how unnecessary it is but it didn't bother me and I liked the angles. Cheer100
I like how the voice didn't want to say "Code Geass"
next time you get text skip full send the well
It's really fucking good, well plan a watch party one day
same, I only actively watch one piece
and only cause I've watched it weekly for Like 12 years
watch of for evil fly guy of death
thanks nintendo for mapping 27 actions to a single input
but A is the Action button x461weWhyNot
SA2 cycle button to change action button effect
yeah, it was always annoying in SA2, too keizaLUL
I love somersaulting into a ring dash death pit!
lost 0.7 seconds to PB, reset keizaFine
I'm not in the pape discord
should I be? (AKA do I need to be if I want to rando?)
almost what I was talking about keizaW
surely this run gets good rng
I honestly should practice that fuzzy
oh dang I just watched the fuzzy encounter
:) Howdy, how goes it tonight?
That's fair, but I'm seeing a lot of green right now
Omg thank you sma11zz!! phanto274Love  I was eating n lurkin sorry lol
@RedMist25 I'm basically doing the same, no worries! phanto274Gold
Off topic, but I hope GDQ lets you do the glitch logic rando for hotfix, or whichever show it would be on. I would love to see more people get into the rando, it seems like its built so well
I might not since it's online lol
although if people want to submit a race I'd be down
double dink is like 20, and getting not 6 cap is +2 partner swap in moles split
so fastest moles gold means slow LP
If your golds are optimized which is hard
out of my last 12 hurricane attempts I got 5 runs to moles, two double fails and three singles
let me guess  u NOT GOING to Genesis 9  lol
remember like an hour ago when I said "brb"
Ah, Moles. Always doing the most
Not getting frightened by Fright Jars
I got into a neutral encounter with bee the other day and got fricked on the runaway bar
Sad Sun and Happy Sun are so good.
most sad way ive lost a life shroom
It's almost like they can transition into one another
puff puff machine dead. what an easy boss
magic beanstalk? wait, it's not over keizaHope
only ch0msky cares about noPW keizaDerp
I keep pushing him to play pape, but I'll settle for pokemon and prime
they probably thought the slow card descent would make it more impactful to the player but it just makes me Madge
lopez is a walking wiki its great
no such thing as playing pape too much, lopez keizaW
and the questions we don't ask, too keizaHope
Imagine power bouncing final to death pre twink scene
just like a full minute of action commands
that game has a banger ost
would you rather play 1 game or buy 20 more?
my dad is the opposite. he's addicted to buying games
he has 3 in the cupboard that we haven't had time to play yet, and we just played one of his christmas gifts for the first time this week
I don't really know I'm just doing what the copium tells me to do
I got horizon and persona 5 at the same time. started Horizon, "let see the opening sequence of P5" I never went back to horizon LMAO
persona 6 will have big shoes to fill
or they could go gta5 route
could be worse. could go the way of portal.
there's a reason I haven't gone back and played the other personas
everyone tells me not to LOL
I've said that I wouldn't go back to pokemon 1 through 3 because of the QoL improvements 4 made, but item rando is way too fun.
even crazier cause p5 was in development hell
2nd hardest fight in the game cleared
captions: LeBron it took a while to move.
I still enjoy the Gen 3 games, my fav is Gen 3 4 and 5
I'm amiibo order got delayed axlsenS
just a few more and smash will be done
did you at least make nice amiibo fighters for the new owners to hate playing against?
when ultimate got revealed I said "fuck! more amiibo to collect!"
Hey Phantom! how's it going? phanto274BLANKIES
yo, how did you know which one was the real kooper?
the real kooper is a bitch
the duplighost kooper is kind of a chad tbh, he's just a straight up asshole
bitchspeak is bitchspeak, no matter the language
I grabbed the beginner route one time, but I never actually did any runs
I also don't own an N64
Starry_Arie: 461weavile: I secured the bag
weirdly, I do own one N64 game, however
all tab is bad and unfair
console tabs are good and fair actually
all tab is bad and unfair
console tabs are good and fair actually
twitch? not showing a host? may as well get rid of em tbh
hope the runs are going well
mine was really good for the first half
but then hurricane route stuff happened
how did you know which was the real bombette? keizaChamp
I didn't get lp, didn't get moles, then I got rng beed and 4 capped on laki
the real bombette is a major cutie
and then my run just bled out lmfao
moles, bee... all part of good fun
I don't know to be honest
I have a lot going on rn
I can't think that far ahead rn
I mean if you wanna submit a race I'll do it
would you do gless race m4?
but I can't go out and make a vid or anything rn
already have a vid for it
would love to see you/morph/random race
ok, now it's getting crazy. how did you know which one was the real kooper? keizaWut
I mean I def feel like the weak link here but I'm good at showcasing runs so maybe it'd be fine lmao
you just shit out a 3:46 for free lol
the things that went wrong were REALLY bad lmfao
I mean fair ig but my peak isn't anywhere near yours anymore
I think that's better than all the things going slightly wrong
being on mobile, I'm so confused lmao
I have a save for both hallways now
I never want to attempt them because then I'll become tempted in runs like you
COPIUM yeah... those cannon jumps... COPIUM they ain't so b-... COPIUM bad...
COPIUM yeah... those cannon jumps... COPIUM they ain't so b-... COPIUM bad...
PhantomGamesBot: If you haven't already done so, click the follow button! Every follower is greatly appreciated! There are no follow alerts, so if you want to just lurk, there's no need to worry about your name showing up on stream.
Starry_Arie: PhantomGamesBot: If you haven't already done so, click the follow button! Every follower is greatly appreciated! There are no follow alerts, so if you want to just lurk, there's no need to worry about your name showing up on stream.
mx_four: Starry_Arie: PhantomGamesBot: If you haven't already done so, click the follow button! Every follower is greatly appreciated! There are no follow alerts, so if you want to just lurk, there's no need to worry about your name showing up on stream.
If you haven't already done so, click the Ezekiel button! Every Ezekiel is greatly appreciated! There are no Ezekiel alerts, so if you want to just Ezekiel , there's no need to worry about Ezekiel showing up on stream.
If you haven't already done so, click the Ezekiel button! Every Ezekiel is greatly appreciated! There are no Ezekiel alerts, so if you want to just Ezekiel , there's no need to worry about Ezekiel showing up on stream.
If you haven't already done so, click the Ezekiel button! Every Ezekiel is greatly appreciated! There are no Ezekiel alerts, so if you want to just Ezekiel , there's no need to worry about Ezekiel showing up on stream.
If you haven't already done so, click the Ezekiel button! Every Ezekiel is greatly appreciated! There are no Ezekiel alerts, so if you want to just Ezekiel , there's no need to worry about Ezekiel showing up on stream.
we have chats of all time
commence copy pasting copy pastas at maximum capipastity
Today at 6:59 PM I just noticed I have lost an alarming amount of girth
sorry there's nothing happening in the run right now so I'm just going through my copypasta archives and shitposting as I see fit
Starry_Arie: sorry there's nothing happening in the run right now so I'm just going through my copypasta archives and shit as I see fit
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a Goomba. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different. On December 14th, I'm moving to Goomba Village; home of the great Goombario. I've already cut off my arms, and now waddle everywhere I go as training. I may not be a Goomba yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest Goomba ever. Thank you all.
Starry_Arie: Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a Goomba. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different. On December 14th, I'm moving to Goomba Village; home of the great Goombario. I've already cut off my arms, and now waddle everywhere I go as training. I may not be a Goomba yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest Goomba ever. Thank you all.
On December 14th, I'm moving to Goomba
Village, home of the great Goombario
I've already cut off my arms, and now waddle everywhere I go as training
I may not be a Goomba
If you give me a chance and the support I need, I will be come
the greatest Goomba ever. Thank you all.
this conversation has early 2010s youtube poop vibes
door 2 of your nightmares with cannon jumps
cannon jumps -> pb true combo
cannon jumps -> pb true combo
cannon jumps -> pb false prophet
cannon jumps -> pb false profit
This isn't your average NOT PB. This is... advanced NOT PB.
I know a thing or 2 if u wanna get ahead... a little trick or 2 if u want to hear
I'm waiting for it to unironically come down to epilogue
thank god I'm not a mod anymore
wait I wasn't looking did he cheat
wait I wasn't looking did he cheat
she ep my ilogue til I jump over the cannons
wait I wasn't looking did he cheat
thanks @jokehow you'd be a great pape mod
thanks @jokehow you'd be a great pape mod
who here knows anything about livesplit?
magikoopa dink into magikoopa flee would be so funny
he'd be just tryna prove a point then
I ain't afraid... but momma raised a liar
phantom5800 skilled player but that is not normally, This very very insane....They need to check him pc and game.....Maybe he not cheating but maybe he using the game deficit ...and this cant seem on game screen..He needs to check-up....
hantom5800 skilled player but that is not normally, This very very insane....They need to check him pc and game.....Maybe he not cheating but maybe he using the game deficit ...and this cant seem on game screen..He needs to pcheck-up....
> but momma raised a liar -- so that means you're a liar so what you're saying is Dallas which means you're not a liar so what you're saying is true and...
got some real good YEPSPIN onm that ball
... so Arie must be the quantum superposition of a liar and not a liar
If Prologue has a million fans I am one of them. If Prologue has ten fans I am one of them. If Prologue has only one fan, that is me. If Prologue has 0.5 fans, I have been cut in half. If Prologue has 0.25 fans, I have been cut in four. If Prologue has 0.125 fans, I am a pizza.
If Prologue has 0.125 fans, I am a pizza.
If Prologue has 0.01 fans, I am a pizza from Chicago
In massachusetts they spell booster shot "borcester shot"
ok, time for the hardest fight in the game
If I get Barrel assuming I get Barrel.
now for the easy part with minimal rng
he cant lightning until turn 4 right
Oh my god, what the hell? what's going on? What, oh my god. Bowser, are you serious right now? FINAL BOWSER WHAT! You are invited to the T2 Peril Program! HI, I Just got peril. We got peril boys. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Wait...
I think he can t4 lightning
I got turn 4 last night
t4 he can shield for t3 shield pattern but that's it
He stomped on your Timbs. You gotta hold the L, unfortunately.
t4 attack doesnt matter other than fire is slow
Oh my god, what the hell? what's going on? What, oh my god. Bowser, are you serious right now? FINAL BOWSER WHAT! You are invited to the T2 Peril Program! HI, I Just got peril. We got peril boys. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Wait...
at least get rid of that shit went on my walk and I then got wrecked by airhoc KEKW
I enjoyed the 2 hours of prologue WeLovePrologue
well before the rando gets started I'd like to wish you good luck
never been a fan of pokemon rando but item rando for crystal is pretty cool
aw man, I was prepared for the classic paper mario rando
I remember shiny hunting suicune for all of 15 minutes before getting bored lol
Insta text and I was thinking you was fast forwarding it last time I seen this
u get a legendary as a starter all the time
I'm fine with being replaced tbh
y u not training or killing the snorlax they give out good exp
little timmy said 'look at this cool bird I found' and threw out ho-oh
this song gets stuck in my head constantly
what's random in a pokemon rando?
aren't badges supposed to be getting marked off on the tracker?
hey taco I recognize you from youtube
Am I a known phantom stream overlay chatter
That gario better be short for goombario
I had McDonald's for lunch today
Taco have you seen the bird that says Worio?
That was posted months ago I've seen it several times lol
you could also replace cross chop
what tail? how can a fire bird use a ice move Kappa
If you shovel enough ice cubes in his mouth he becomes ice type
phanto274Tea yes I watch streams at a weddings multitasking is key
Buff00n almost played a rhythm game because it had a hot buff lady on the main menu
She had leona hair tho so I don't blame him
Ik I just flipped it in my brain loll
moltres will have no stab moves ever
"Getting a free slave is nice"
I'm gonna be the best fire type with my ice and water type moves
you'll never be able to replace me with a bigger bird
time for the hardest gym of my childhood
I practically solod this game with my feralligatr somehow
I think I grinded him at the start and was 10 levels above everything for the rest of the game
Ooooo Crystal Rando, noice! phanto274Hype  Howdy Phantom and chat
phanto274Lurk  I feel like sqrtbottle is either immediate or nevver found
Watching Jin play a random snake rn
Kentucky must have nobody this pyra aint it LOL
Snake is going low and they simply aren't even trying to dair
Snake goes low and jin decides to jump down and bair them into stage
That is how snake gets stage sir
you have like the best cypher killing dair ever and you decide it's not worth it
This snake doesn't really know how to grenade though but I can at least see what he wants to do
And he's hitting nikita so he's better than ak tbhtbh
Got any plans for AGDQ submissions?
holy shit that is so sad
Snake got bthrow and mythra had a nade
And the nade dropped on the bthrow
I'll submit WW but I have negative expectations lol
I already made a submission video for the Toy Story 3 Series Relay
have you asked jcog about the race?
Toy Story 1, 2 and 3 one after the other
I have two other people for the other games
good luck hope it get in
I think it is unique enough to have somewhat of a potential
I watched my SGDQ 2022 submission and I got both better at the game AND commentary since then
Are you both confused and paralyzed?
now you have a hyper potion if that happen again
how many channel points for "play my mario maker level" Kappa
I just looked at the replies to a tweet and saw a mlp gif with a watermark that said "tiktok thots"
@RuneRavenFP that must've been a magical experience
I'm just copying wooly world 1-4 KEKW
Is the pok'mon under the timer your main pok'mon or does it cycle through your team?
26k points only 4k more to go
If you taught me how to set up a crystal rando,showed me where to get a crystal rom and how to set up and stream it I'd do it Kappa
I was hoping I would be a ganger or something cool
I'm upset that the wii u vc doesn't have firered or leafgreen
Phantom can I have 200 bucks to buy the mickey cum hat
so we're having a grindfest till you can beat up surge?
are ice moves not super effective against water? am I imagining that this was ever a thing
I don't play many turn based rpgs so idk where I got that idea from
I need that bot quote to be posted by the zelda director
I'm trying my best phantom zap cannon is the best you're gonna get
It's angry that it was formerly racist
If snorlax is something good that might be a good secondary
You named it after me? <3 I blinked and missed that. haha./
and you've got a banger moveset viki
Bruh. That Blissey's moveset describes the events of my life.
time to spend all your money on repels again lol
Are the various gamestore prizes rando?
We're gonna be here for a while.
artist daniel put up a good fight
does that mean you fight sabrina now Kappa
It's gonna be one of those days, I see.
you might be able to find something good on the way to victory road
why is the bike going so slow?
Imagine having to travel in a Pokemon game. KEKW
Time to convince your game that it's a JP version and get the celebi event?
I need to find my ds and finish this game
I still have PTSD about limited time events in video games because of the Japan-only Celebi event for Crystal.
woah man that vulpix was tough
Kicking yourself in the butt for missing that?
Imagine not being able to access half of a region because of a teeny stump
and that 1 check is progessing
Okay. Now we're just getting personal here.
I thought the egg mon was supposed to be the hm slave
Still, got cut out of it.
39 Jolteon is a bit sketch.
It's always shocking to me everytime I see my name pop up on screen
what if surge is holding the badge that lets you fly
You didn't use cut to take the shortcut. NotLikeThis
the bot's just trying to help make sure you don't miss checks :(
Maybe the game is hinting Surge to you?
getting off the bike might make this a bit easier
Run is dead. Forever lost in a cave.
did you try using flash Kappa
well then this isn't the 'extreme full item rando' as advertised
that makes sense for maximum fun
I've done OoT all skulltullas rando'd before.. so.. *Shrugs*
I'd love to do an oot rando
that's the best part for me
I don't know the game either
u didn't capture the suicine brruuuuh
I watch so much oot rando I know the game very well
wait did u beat the elite four already wtf
Idk how u raised them so fast???
"We heard you like water Pokemon."
only if we had zap cannon still
Mystery sol is getting farmed by deathspade rn
He is not sdI'ing down and he's getting laddered
I forgot how dope Gengar looks in this game.
damn is that all I'm good for?
I'm almost ready to  gigachad surge
ALMOST ISN'T GOOD ENOUGH, IS IT? HMMM??
surge is the real garbage gym leader
Have you gone through Mt. Moon?
Its that 1 check in johto
ahh I was afk when u did that I guess
you don't need 8 johto badges for the pok'mon league?
I'm now really curious as to why that old guy had that badge.
he was holding onto it for someone
"It's not mine, officer, I swear. I was holding this badge for a friend."
maybe off camera phantoms trainer beat up that guys team and won the badge
that message was going a very different way before I fixed it
He has more no thoughts head empty vibes
your rival did the thing he was supposed to do and you're mad at him for it
"Hey, we need you to go be this person's rival." Boss music intensifies.
That made me cackle out loud.
taco may have lost that fight but with that reward he won
The real friends were the escape ropes we made along the way.
logic sent you to kanto early so it might've considered that early
next 4 pokemon are only water type
Is this pokemon game kanto and johto?
they really went all out for this game
at least what was all out at the thime
maybe a tm for zap cannon
pape rando wishes it could do this to you
I'm gonna go take a shower and when I get back you better have 16 badges
can't believe you didn't catch that poliwrath
why doesn't the trainer just like spit on sudowoodo till it moves
It would save them so much time
I just wanna know what the Eevee is. KEKW
you gonna shiny hunt suicune in this rando?
Viki used fly. To the Eevee check.
I heard we were checking eevees in this stream?
It's never made sense to me that pidgeot is the final evolutions name
pidgey pidgeot pidgeotto made more sense in names to me
how many tms are in here
It's like the zelda party rooms
what does coin case even do
dude I remember getting the shiny gyarados and not knowing where to go for so long
I spent at minimum an hour looking for him
If you just beat up sabrina immediately you would've had fly a lot sooner
If you're a god gamer nothing would stop you
It's like the seed saw the moltres starter and put water types everywhere
calcium is pretty cool and I definitely know what it does
so it lets me increase my spatk by about 1 in like 50 levels
I see you disregarded what I said
what even was the middle starter?
keighley asked whats everyone's goty, first 8 replies say xenoblade 3 LUL
well if you picked eevee and used the right stone you could've dealt with these water types easy
Apparently wadi shit on loaf with wii fit
I have not seen wadi play wii fit since 2019
Think loaf took game 3 on the wii fit then exploded to m2
M2 wario is free as hell he gets combod and also dies at 70 without waft
If you ever get one, name it that^
thank you for saying blussey taco everyone really needed to see that
someone saw that suicune battle and said it was 'inspiring'
tin tower seems absolutely lovely btw
I'm glad I either didn't play this or don't remember it
well I gtg gl with the rest of this and have a good rest of stream
Oop wizzy just shit on chase in mario palu
Phantom are you typing in mvds chat again
I'm hutning for shiny deino in orsa because Hydreigon is cool
Is moltres still your only mon
On a spotify tracking website rn and it says my music taste is getting more slow tempo and the song they listed is death lol
Why must thor retweet cane's propaganda on my timeline
Every time I've had it it's been not crispy at all and not great
I still think it's good here in OK, the fries are bottom tier though
But I went to zaxby's at smashcon and it was just what you're describing lol
I was going to say, have you tried the sauce? Hmm
BTW if you haven't tried the toast with the sauce, I highly recommend that combo
Only the champion of Johto is worthy
Gen 2 surf music is one of the few good things about gen 2 Kappa
I'm doing some gen 2 vanilla shiny hunting on VC right now. I wanted to shiny hunt but do something different raysW
Lowkey expecting the remakes of Gen 9 to be in Johto
Only 8 hours spent outside Violet City! No big deal raysW Falkner is patiently waiting for me to get my Spinirak or HootHoot
"As the Champion of Johto, we now grant you access to our top-secret basement"
A Noctowl!? Its an omen that I'll get my shiny hoot hoot soon raysPog
I havent done an encounter hunt since Rookiedee in Sw/Sh, I forgot how hot garbage encounter hunts are tdogSanic
It will be once I get a Spinirak or Hoot Hoot tdogRat
If I get a Gastley we're super pissed tho
Well, you know, it could have been worse...
I saw a dude do a seed earlier where Mineral Badge was on Elm post Elite 4 tdogSanic
how was the crystal rando last night?
I saw this VERY delicious apple crumble cheesecake I had to stop myself from buying
tfw I wake up in time for the race but I'm doing ttyd today
Jcogs pbchance was 86% guess he will crush you today KEKW
Jeny is starting her first rando super late for me so I was napping the last 2 hours
11pm is not so nice PepeHands
Is there a reason NOT to pay Kent C.????
did you change the color pallet?
what scale is this? Chapter 4?
the seed called for green watt
I don't remember what that bucket is for therma40Think
*cue Always Sunny in Philly music* Phantom5800 Begrudgingly Saves The YoshI's
curious to see if you are goint to [redacted cause race].
star stone was for crystal palace?
I remember more about this game than I thought
What controller do you use for this
Oh that's neat lol with a gamecube adapter?
Also didn't know you could load rando onto the ever drive lol I thought you had to create a new seed everytime
who designed a mf plant to crawl, the realism is lacking
you can get I think it was mega rush now
"I have dylan jump already" - closed captions
why do some of the star spirits have numbers on them?
thanks for adding 3 letters to tracker
It's not like picking him up was a baaad thing
game is generous with snowman doll
ok back, how goes the seed so far?
how many checks are in forever forest?
I completed an extreme shuffle hammerless the other day, for fun
didn't get first hammer til after the 3rd spirit lol
I feel like I just saw 30 checks in there
can you just leave the room?
Yo yo good luck with the race
phantom you forgot to buy triple dip!
yeah my extreme shuffle took a very long time
did he only have a tubba key?
how many pieces does quizmo give?
ah yes, everyone's favorite... the water rock marathon event
do you know how people stream PS3, since it has a capture card protection?
If a race seed came down to koopa koot that would be some good stuff
I was confused af at first when I tried streaming MM Legends 1 on my PS3 way back when
I think the game might actually be better without kooper
AoN, the "I forgot I had it on" run killer since... 2001?
1 at 7 this early sounds rough
sometime I wish a magic koopa would turn me invisible Sadge
this right here... is why you watch phantom streams
def makes sense but also good knowledge
finding bow at least made it worth
why is last stand so big?
I would probably understand more if I knew what it did
damn they stole complete garbage get rekt shy guys
thats a weird one to not allow I feel
you literally dont have para lmao
Is Flarakarry considered a glitch? is that not allowed?
oh right, you still need laki or parakerry to finish ch5
I just stepped out, where was para
does logic assume you know the puzzle solutions?
para in Blue station right side
PhantomGamesBot: also the darkness effect where you want to give them a long time ago but we need to be the quantum superposition of a PB?
the quantum superposition of a PB
I want to know more about the quantum superposition of a pb
lmfao I'm running glitchless rn and said yes to eldstars tutorial
Ive seen it done in rac KEKW
LOL and I just got first sriked like three times leaving the foretress yeah I'm resetting
I wonder if you could go into the files and change the record song
would a run get invalidated if you had cosmetic changes on?
Those blue clubbas look like mini Tubbas LUL
where would you start making a raced ruleset for glitched logic?
Leave a lil something extra for the extra person to go through the pit
only time I drop items is when I dont mean too
We doing chapter rush this seed?
once I dropped a jamming jelly on top of a block axlsenS
Only time I drop items is Outpost shop
If you dont get dolly could you show it after the seed?
what ar eyou missing for ch5?
These Koopa Bros palettes are perfect
what if ice power changed mario's pallet to the one you have now?
fire shield would be fire mario, just a random idea
L O L , why'd the morph into the fake toads
smh my head not touched chapter 2
Imagine if laki could've been behind the letter quest
glitch logic could be unfair though
some people might barely know glitches and some could be great
That's weird, the Clubbas are immune to ice but Ice Power still worked somehow
Only works if it's a weakness, not a resistance
5 items from go mode... lets go
Makes the badge more useful even if it doesn't make the most sense
oh man I really thought the farthest left one was the real one
Yeah, still not very useful, more like less bad
I mostly use Spike Shield against Chapter 8 Jr but it could also be helpful if you're bad at Sewers/Pleasant Path/Goomba Road movement
works every time 10% of the time CoolCat
I got these old man fingers I can't smash that quick
oh yeah, if you grab the bean you dont need laki cause ch8 is skipped
I wonder what prologue is scaled to Kappa
It was tied to hammerless start not gear shuffle
Is prologue the same difficulty as ch 1?
Wow, something useful in the desert shop, you don't see that every day
With extreme, it's a little more likely to be useful but not often otherwise
Maybe you'll find your last 4 items in there, who knows?
kind of wish 'shorten cutscenes' shortened more cutscenes
Or at least the seed and everything else is in 6
add 30 extra seconds of admiring the ruins
I also appreciate Ch 8 boss rush mode
without it I would not finish seeds, ever
It's boring, it's long, it's linear, you're already in Go mode, so, skip it
Last 3 items in 6? PAUSERS
why do you seem so disappointed about that axl
I didnt realize phantom found him
So full clear 6 first YEP
don't forget to mark lyrics on tracker.
Eating a popeyes biscuit with no bev
The spooky well is a shrooms dealer.
Is spook safe for pokey fights?
I'm mainly lurking if that's okay. I'm still dying from massive hangover.
calling it, last one is dolly OMEGALUL
@redmist25 it's been a rough day for sure. lmao. also spent way more money last night than I care to admit. ugh.
kinda wish the rando devs made this track the file select music
It's such a bop and no one ever hears it
Is it faster to fight laki or homeward shroom out?
or is it in the cloud
@iAmKrisXx Eggs and greasy food helps. As for the money thing.. same boat 4Head
also, .5k away from 30k channel points. pog.
but I won't redeem it until you want to play a rando, because I know you usually just do the race and then during the week just normal runs, so I'll probably redeem next weekend.
I think thats after the marathon runs, right?
@redmist25 I had McDonald's earlier, that's my go to hangover food. lol.
does D down jump work on star rod bowser?
LOL the Bros. had the Super Famicom colors for the buttons
why dont you want dmg dodge?
So you use both Damage Dodges then Kappa
half of me is happy that you didn't spoil yesterday's seed. half of me is extraordinarily sad.
uh, I got #15 about 10 minutes before #16 keizaDerp
and 7 of that 10 minutes was E4
I did chuck, then radio tower, then clair, then misty, then brock, then blue, then rival 6, then E4 keizaThump
Do you have PTSD about squirtbottles now?
I was go mode after red berry gate so never went there
How would you feel about current race settings but full gear shuffle?
yeah that, all glitches on, everything is shuffled :)
I think it's normally fine except for volcano
Well, you won't always /have/ to double dip volcano
Only 2 checks with race settings iirc
You also need Kooper for 1
appearantly everyone else enjoys fighting lp.
I'll skip LP but I don't think it should be race legal
I would race with /mild/ glitches if the time works for me
good, because I missed all of this seed struggling through crystal
Also, I've come up with the canon for the Blissey. It was snoozing in its Snorlax design onesie in the middle of the road.
gear shuffle fo sho. enable some good glitches. and maybe coin sanity. you haven't done a coin sanity for a while.
when I was a kid I left this screen on for days hoping something would happen :'(
I just felt so bad resetting, I felt like I just ruined the happy ending :(
8 year old me was weird lol
Nah, it's N64 infinite ending screens that were weird
If you left it on for 4 years TTYD happens, tbf
I was soooo excited about TTYD, then it blew away my expectations
Still have not played TTYD :)
@mariomantaw would recommend as a casual pape fan
two watt starts in one day
watt is great for attacking but she does not unlock anything, right?
If you don't use the sewer shortcut
heading out gl on the rando
shuffle 10 coin upgrades is fun yes
I enjoy this setting as well.
Unless your partners are trash but all the super blocks are in the desert
I'm also guessing we don't fight laki in these trying times
Idk why, but I feel nervous about what's behind star pieces.
that's why I feel nervous. lmao.
I'm still not sure if I like the new star piece shop or not LUL
probably early boots at least? lmao
Maybe that means the Palace won't have much at least
youve been in this place before?
and those fights were slooooow lmao
I also dipped into ch7, got the final ch1 key and then left immediately, which cost me getting bow, and by extension parakarry and laki, for a long time SadgeCry
online from Jan 8 to 15
Zomba almost threw then finally realized he wasn't going to mixup ever and murdered him 3 times on last stock in a minute lol
MWSF I thik did 3:30 and we went slightly over due to technical issues
otherwise it would have been right on
Tilde is in grands, riptide wasn't very stacked lol
Yea other than bowser your mwsf run was mad clean
I was there when we fixed it
we thought it was an issue downstream from the console as we lost video and audio
BUT it was the N64 itself, we reset it and it was fine...
but lost some progress due to not having a fresh save
thankfully tho we were able to complete. I was worried we were going to have to kill the run...
Was that related to the brightness at the beginning of the run?
If pape 64 or yoshi story gets into agdq, I'm planning to make a beeg Raphael the Raven plush for the charity auction
next time MSFW I will just bring all my RGB-modded consoles and my OSSC, lol :)
probably not tho, that's a LOT of stuff
yeah it's tough for us to do
I have a NES SNES N64 and Wii that are RGB
and I would make it "lock"
my first hammerless seed I got to shiver mountain and softlocked because I didn't have a hammer to hit the fake kooper mfpLol
so than goodness for the home shroom saving me from gay baby jail
In the shackle part, I'd put a swivel joint on one side and magnets on the other so it can "click closed"
I was gonna offer food at port if you got him but I already did that I think lol
what is even out of logic in a glitched logic
Getting a few checks out of logic? Nah. Beating a whole chapter out of logic? Now that's where it's at.
I like just finding random shit on the floor it looks funny
I say this a lot but I find it very hard to remember what's a coin in vanilla and what isn't
I think devs talked about adding that kind of toggle when plant coins get added
so to me with coin off I just do every check anyway
Usually I prefer to play with Coinsanity but I would probably turn on a blocks-only setting if it existed
Also man I hate watching majors where TK/EE/Coney don't attend I want to unmute it but it's worse if I do lol
1st chapter clear in less than half hour. let's go.
It's lyric and some guy for grands rn and they aren't commenting on like 60% of things happening
did you making laki your starting?
Zomba did metal blade footstool shit on peab and they didn't notice lol
Meanwhile panelsanity is pain if you don't have boots immediately
panel is just backtracking: the setting
Turning it on is always a massive gamble
what if I Spy actually told you panel contents instead of always showing a star piece
I like that idea a lot
That would be really cool actually
You don't have to be able to flip panels to check them
I Spy always on ensures you never backtrack for nothing
The bot has your credit card
41 holy shit what a simp
All I said is you're good at the game
Whatever helps you sleep at night
I will buy you a cake shake
I'll be quiet so you can focus
He got arrested for drug crimes
traded him weed for shrooms lol
Didn't even know they could put 7 enemies on the screen at once
Would have been better to tank it against the bros I guess
@JCog this is what we learned today
wait can you post it again, watching on the TV and had my phone with chat closed lol
yeah that makes sense, but I wouldn't have guessed
The one key item you haven't turned in
how did you like the weekly seed?
I ended up not getting ultra gear in it
I would guess he is in logic because the only way to get out would be if you had both bombette and sushi and at that point bhs doesn'tdo much
didnt catch the ending from the race did u win?
homeward shrooming out is in glitched logic, but not vanilla logic
that's a copypasta if I've ever seen one of my fave pokemon
I guess you've seen one of your fave pokemon
Is the bot talking about *the* pasta
think next steam I will have 30k points
hey guys did you know that in terms of-
I have enough to give you a seed and I fully intend to do so
I'd bet the bot is indecisive about which pokemon is its favorite
then I have to find a gross seed for you that might take awhile
I actually had 2 /interesting/ seeds but I know which one I'll be sending
first time I saw a vanilla hammer I did think it was a bug
You did remember to turn on gear shuffle, right?
not much, finished that OOT rando yesterday
I had trials on, so I had to search for golden gloves, which ended up being song of storms frogs
and I needed hover boots for both forest temple and shadow temple. hover boots were in spirit temple, like just before twinrova
Hey buddy, just watched the Midwest speedrun. Good stuff :)
otherwise, I definitely prefer oot over ww for rando
oot is a lot more dense
35 bux for the best shoes? What is this, 1994? Kappa
I like ww but its so boring sailing
oh yeah, and ttyd I beat magnus 2.0 with one power bounce
my problem with ww rando is how long you can go without getting any progress items
@blacktiger51 we mods like to abuse petty authority
so glad I can play mm rando on wii
my next on stream rando is lttp, that should be a quick one for me lol
With your settings, you may never find that hammer upgrade
my main problem with lttp rando is picking which character model I want to use lol
What if 60 star pieces are also currently in logic? monkaS
What does Parakarry open besides 4?
parakarry's main use is ch3, but in glitched logic that doesn't even matter
also ch2 only if you don't have super hammer
or ultra boots for that matter... hey you have ultra boots
should be able to finish ttyd on tuesday. tomorrow for story, tuesday for pit
speaking of tricks when I go seed hunting any tricks you dont want to do?
the stone block isn't mt rugged
still it's just an ordinary jump
It's arguably not even a glitch, just a regular jump from the pipe
LZS is the only thing I can do in this game lol
I notice you're passing a lot of panels...
I still have to beat it so nothing too crazy lol most stuff I see you do is easy beside ultra hammer skip haven't tried that
and fuck doing chapter 3 without parakarry you safe on that 1
those are some very red clubbas
I do gap skip and then regret everything when something important is on the bed
I hate that you did that in two jumps.
"Incredibly hard" and you do it in 2 tries
Phantom just has that dawg in him
you did it fast last time 2 lol
60 star piece run again? Pog
60 star pieces makes star stone SeemsGood
Turn in Kooper's Shell and remember what you forgot
There's something else in Koopa Village
If only there was a faster way to koopa village that skipped this battle KappaCool
I had to clip it. I'm sorry.
Don't leave without remembering what you left here PAUSERS
It makes power bounce more gooder
oh it does? is the badge description a lie?
the game gaslights you into pretending that power bounce caps don't exist
so to maintain the illusion they make dodge master increase the cap
Hammer is gonna be stuck under gourmet guy
I thought it only worked for the guard command
that a pretty shitty hammer location if that true
the name translation might not be very accurate
"Command Master" would be a better name
volcano vase turnin is still out of logic right?
He got Laki from the Chief YEP
Chief actually gave something good Pog
beep beep I'm a sheep I mean a Pulse Stone
That Pyro Guy IS the worst
I guess the new laki teleport isn't added as a trick yet
most annoying enemy placement in the game
I can avoid the bees more often then I can avoid that specific pyro
Isnt mirror clip a trick? that use laki tp
Tree bee in rando, death room if you're not a speedrunner
did you deliberately skip that upgrade block?
oh yeah that's a problem lol
I was afk for a bit sorry
hi, I was derusting on bf, then ran into a rare glitch that no one could repro and I had unityExplorer loaded so I had to cut the stream to check it, found some stuff, but not the cause
It made dialogue bleeps stop playing
that sounds like a real..... glitch story
and what I found is that for some reasons, there was a bleep sound still playing when it was done so it prevented others to play
but idk how it could have happened
logic seems to want ch7 soon
I've had Mario and my partner just turn invisible in battles a few times while playing rando
Just missing best partner now YEP
hmm no I think he has al of them now
who is Goombarrieoh? never heard of him
welp, since I ended earlier than planned, I'll cook a pizza :)
Ignoring the Star Piece I see
I am serious and don't call me Shirley
we still hunting for star pieces?
Oof down to my last smoke. :(
Oh look, you can get Goombario now Kappa
wow lots of stuff in desert
the code is dried shroom, yellow berry, right?
It'll make going back for those few checks a little easier
remember when paper was the aesthetic for these games and not the gimmick?
be doing shots of Gin. I've been oddly cheerful from said shots.
yeah, but blue isn't green you know?
I just realized that artifact was 2 rooms from vanilla
If you want an extra Star Piece you might also have Kolorado's letter
Ah, I know you had seen it but couldn't remember if you picked it up or not
there was an unbought star piece in koopa village
nvm thought you were going there
I don't think you went back there, did you?
Just casually passing another panel YEP
I also don't think you've checked Rowf
I feel like the merlow changes should have a toggle, if nothing else
I don't mind them, but if you don't KNOW about them and you don't go to merlow, then you're scratching your head trying to remember game logic
wait so the weight meme of a run was new stuff?
I did a run with the new randomizer settings, and I had no idea that change was a thing, and my super boots were behind 10 star pieces
can you get like the last progression item for 100?
how many of the 3 star pieces you've found?
Check Rowf when you go back?
nah, you don't need star stone. just clippy to the palace
especially if it's the weight and the weight unlocks further key items
the sad part is that if a key item is on the 60 star piece slot, you're automatically going to have a worse time
Arguably less so with extreme settings but still not fun
gotta run bro! gl with the rest of the run!
If there were items that gave multiple star pieces , like 5 at a time, that would be cool
Quizmo used to work like that
who is the bot pinging? keizaW
5x 3 star pieces on koopa koot
You already spent all your money? How?
You also have 3rd Ruins Key :tf:
If either Lunar Stone or Palace Key is here, it was worth
Maybe even a Magical Seed would be nice to see
Wait, you're 4 items from go mode, huh?
I mean, you've been going for a while...
There is a reasonable chance all 4 of your items might be here
Those are the 2 possible extremes YEP
Hey Phantom, good luck on your run phanto274BLANKIES
the pizza is now cooling off
Alright, it's been fun but I should get to bed, gl with the rest of the run
I thought I saw it on the ledge below the save block
that was a lleaf, my bad
do you need the frying pan? could just fight anti right?
Palace key behind frying Pan phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
you just have to guess which is the real kooper
yeah but how do you know?
and then again with the fake Peach at the end
let me guess palace key in chapter 6
what are the top 3 slowest checks?
yoshi is bad but you get multiple checks from it
the slowest check is lucky day if you are the one person who plays with vanilla chain but randomized
actually I should rephrase it, since there are 6 checks on star pieces rewards lul
you get star pieces kind of automatically just by progressing in a seed, tho
Tbh since I play on pj64 I just make seeds until the star piece rewards aren't important
@know15 I mean 60 is only about half the star pieces, and in a typical seed you get way more than half the checks
you can turn on Make Panels Visible ,and turn on Always I Spy
True, but if it locks something important kinda early you could be panel hunting and letter delivering for a bit
160-64+16.... so 112 star pieces now
I like the collecting part, I just won't wanna change emu settings mid run
do you think there should be an option for "shuffle shops but Merlow is vanilla"?
@know15 yeah that actually happens with the 10 star piece reward in particular
Is there a option to turn that off?
have it be 0 to 100 so you can be sane or insane :)
Oh that's a neat way to handle it with the option on how many could have something
played 2 seeds in a row with parakarry and laki on 60 reward DansGame
How do you get a randomizer onto your N64?
Would it be better if you could get panels w/o boots or hammer upgrades?
I am very curious how a rando would make the crystal berries work in bf cause they are p diverse in how you get them and there's only 50
really? I thought they locked the thing at max 50 skultulas
think you can just turn skull off in oot been awhile
I only ever play 3d oot rando tho and you cant turn it off last time I played
wont blame you if u said fuck it and got off
that raid put me at 30k
I was JUST watching your recent YouTube upload. lol
maybe? I was listening to my liked videos, and it moved to your video
I've VERY mixed feelings about the new FE
I get it's anime, but it leans WAY too into anime designs that I loathe
the "FE Crossover" isn't unique anymore
I heard "Fell Dragon" and yelled WHAT
every FE needs a marth, he's a brand
Is this some sequel or reimagining of Awakening?
that mural they showed had Lords from every game
Chrom got shafted for Lucina. Again.
But, this means that the FE4 remake is likely legit since.
jokes on you, I like my bepis cans
Robin's probably gonna be the enemy's stand until you wrestle their ring away from the villain
protag looks like your preferred choice of dental hygiene
wtf is rayman doing in mario and rabbits
Imma need to watch the direct
Friendly reminder: Don't die to the Goomba King.
I dont sleep until 3 to 4 am anyway
gonna have to catch it on youtube
ok first off, why tf does the main character in the new FE has blue/red hair and why can he *equip marth* Lmao
Chrom and daraen or whatever his name was
I wish nintendo would make a new paper mario game where you know you actually level up
I prefer not having a male/she lead with blue/red hair, like what is this combination, worst is they got even blue/red eyes seperately
Origami King isn't a Paper Mario game.
next pape gonna be coin grind extreme where you can buy yourself out of battle and pay 10k grands to beat the final boss eZ
I play the switch one for about 10 mins at my buddy house I hated it
and he said I can borrowed it I said fuck no
So, it's been quite some time since I played Thousand Year Door. How would I go about doing that now adays?
What's a good emulator for such a thing? HYPOTHETICALLY of course.
good to hear cats4eWiggle I do work today
And like my managers finally recognized I'm good at my job so I dont get VTO anymore clintB
feels good to be recognized but also SEND ME HOME I dont wanna work LMAO
Thousand Year Door on switch when? :(
what should I get from wendys clintT
@vikihexen TTYD with Orgami King looks/aesthetics, I'd buy in a heartbeat
ttyd run great on a emulater
ok I'm gonna get a baconator
Deserved some bad luck to make up for the bad luck?
you know I gonna skip everything not interesting
home early today. nice to catch a stream early ish for once! also, hello. (:
another thing to look at is... why a 7th hero(ine) in xeno 3? ayo wtf
I literally spend 10h of my time watching the story of xenoblade 3 straight over 3 days
okay, so I've been somewhat thinking of a rando to give you when you want to play a rando next.
I still have not play xeno 1
ain't playin any xeno, just watch the story and done, you guys do the gaming for me Kappa
I'm not reeding mine for awhile still have to find a gross seed
I have a seed prepared already :)
that's fine. I want to make sure you want to. ya know?
@MarioManTAW is it a gross seed?
who is your favorite boss of this game?
even if I had a seed ready I was gonna wait until after the marathon anyway
I'm not the biggest fan of puff.
I'd like to petition that we rename the Star rod split as "Not that kind of wand".
where can I sigh this petition?
I would also like to sign this petition.
As long as it's not changed too often, it's not too bad, right?
Then just make it hella expensive.
can you just make a totally new set of splits for memes?
just do what I do and "forget" to change it every time
Either way, it sounds like you're changing the split to "Not that kinda wand" later. KEKW
WideKirby is going to mug me.
Is this your favorite paper mario?
Thousand Year Door is.. better in a lot of ways, but, this game is just so good.
don't you feel stressed doing runs?
damn the record is sub 5 54 and you are 36th place guess no one like doing gltichless
I'm attached. to this run already.
I watch jokehow a little doing it and its looks like ass
Might as well go start learning FF X 100%. LuL
even any% glitch its still bad
I'm just in it for Vivian.
but you right still chapter 3 is very good
I think my favorite chapter for pm64 is chap 4.
what was your time when you tried for the first time?
I only caught the end of the sentence
I finished a casual play recently under 8hrs. I thought that was decent.
glitches arent fun and glitchless is pain
I mean whatever you want me to mean :)
I'm waiting for sub 350 to determine glitchless pain
pretty sure when the... shenanigans happen we became discord friends
cause nobody could reach me lol
glitchless paper mario 64 doesnt look too bad but I dont like speed running myself I like watching it better
you're gonna get notifs literally right now
get ready if you're the type like me that clears them mid run
somehow I manage to do that even during metal gear runs
yeah I'm on dnd for similar reasons
tbh that's nice she wants to talk to you
I don't get a whole lot of random communications from ppl so it usually makes my evening
I don't have a great track record with my family.
I've got some horror stories about my family
I'm surprised you asked me lol
Itd be a sick race for an event
got some personal issues that are causing big absenteeism
now we know the bot is afraid of the best character.
No obviously the bot is referring to WhatsHisFace
should I use the seed you sent me to make a submission
or should it be a better seed LMAO
we gotta agree on an estimate first
what if we had someone vet a seed to be really bad for funny
It took me like a week
I think iirc I was lookign for either 1 or 2 bad checks
the one gless run I finished recently had pb potential thru like ch5 or something
so I wasn't relaxed at all
I'm surprised I did that well on a derust
Its a shwame, bwecause eewy twime I watch uwu its no fwun. bwecause its aways 'bad rngwee..  owr its 'i got awenother fwiggin encownter' owr 'my movemwent was terwible' I'm sowwy but thwis is an unfowwow. if uwu dont wike the gwame, den stwop pwaying...no kwappa
wait why are butt emotes not allowed but that is
She's eating something super spicy that's all monadoBless
I look kinda like that when I eat good spicy ramen too
Oh I have a fun stream idea OpieOP
It's called 'Fart and Restart' you eat a 1 lbs of Haribo sugar free gummy bears right before stream as prep. And then every time you fart, you gotta restart the run monadoKEK
that concludes this week's episode of smash or pass with phantom5800
a literal pound of gummy bears. rofl
yes I have. and it makes my tummy hurt looking at it.
I bought my BF a 5lbs reeses peanut butter cup for Christmas last year
It was the size of a personal pizza
dude I would puke after like 3 bites
@mx_four no, my cookie casserole is instant diabeetuus
So you get a square pan with high edges
Take a roll of cookie dough of choice and line the bottom and edges
I dunno where this is going but it has left the station
Then, you take fun sized candy bars of your choice (I go for twixs and milkyways) and put them in the pan alternating
Then you take another roll of cookie dough,
what is happening here with candy bars and cookie dough
And you use it to cover all the chocolate bars
omg. it sounds delicious but I would only have a small bite of something like that, I'm going to recommend your recipe to a friend of mine who's a really good baker. if you don't mind alle
Kinda like a giant cookie ravioli with mini candy bar filling
that sounds like something that would make me throw up after a few bites
Bake in oven, cut up and serve
I want my friends to try this. lol.
yo how do you redeem rewards I cant get it to work
Well you don't eat the entire thing in one go
why not alle? I mean, I couldn't, but it sounds like a challenge.
@iamkrisxx if you're in @mx_four's discord I could post pics
I'm in @mx_four's discord and could post links to the pics
I wonder how many times I have ignored this exact bot message
I'd have re download the app. I haven't used discord in probably over a year because of my computer taking a shit.
I was like vaguely aware you had one but did not remember seeing a link
what the literal fuck is that
lmfao. okay bot. thanks for the recommendation
oh dang you're taking me up on it
phantom can we get a prologue stream where you play prologue and nothing but prologue
I wouldn't last 2 minutes alone in a room with this thing
Gotta show the first pic too
I would rather you break into my house and cap me in the head
that does look like a pan of diabetes. lol
I knew pape runners hated prologue but not that much
prologue of this game is the #2 reason to not run it
the #1 reason being that the fastest viable strats are fucking awful
I honestly love prologue. but I don't run it, so that's probably why.
@mx_four You have two whole reasons to run this game?
I have 2 whole reasons to throw my n64 into an incinerator and throw the incinerator into the sun
I also have reason to not do that though
ok but what if it was prologue iL glitched races?
but still like why would you do that
I should just stop guessing fuzzys.
seriously though. THIS is the run!
honestly prologue isn't even all that unfun to move in
It's just that you get interrupted for >1 minute of cutscene so often
I like watching this game because it makes early game in Hollow Knight seem instant
going from 20-22min prologues to running mgr where you start playing in literally 4 seconds was an adjustment lol
In mgr within 13 seconds you have already chopped 3 people into hamburger
what made you want to run pm64?
the learning phase of this speedrun is actually incredibly fun
as much as we shit talk it
PM64 to me seems fun to watch, somewhat miserable to run
It's a great game until you have to start doing awful strats to pb
my first risky pb was 3:42
my safe pb is so absolutely jacked compared to that
If I'd known how far I could go without risky strats I wouldn't have like ever gone for risky
I mean I've been persuaded that pm64 could be fun to run but I'd never do it
It's very fun but you hit the wall eventually and then it really fucking sucks
It goes from great to awful like all at once
no slope, just point a to point b
I feel like doing pape runs till you hit the wall would be fun
that is literally exactly what I would recommend ppl do if it was in a consistent place
but it's not unusual for someone to get stuck at the roughly 4 hour mark, even more common for it to be sub 3:50
I wouldn't have ever considered myself stuck before 3:45 but there were definitely times when it took me a while to get over that hump
I was stuck at 3:50:12 for a while but it's bc I was an idiot
before I got sub 4 my average run was sub 4
got stuck at 3:48:51, replaced my tv, pbed 3 times in 4 runs after that lmao
Its so hard for me to finish runs
being able to react to enemy placements turns out to be pretty fucking important
I was stuck at mid 3:45 for months until I just randomly got the first ever n64 3:43 when the wall broke
I've been trying to speedrun pm64 on my switch, I just recently got like a 7:58 ish. but I've been casually playing for a long time.
If I just keep watching gless runs for the next like 5 years I'll just be able to teach myself the route
I think low 3:42 is realistic on hurricane but that's it
I taught myself a sm64 16 star route off of memory
I think all we're really missing is up to date video tutorials on all the beginner routes
I'd love to make those but I'm too busy lately
I'm way more likely to do tutorial work than any kind of pb attempt nowadays
Well I'll throw some good rng your way
Oh no. I went to the washroom and the run died in that time? D:
would I be able to do all the runs the same way on an english copy?
what if you just ran away from the accidental encounter?
some fights you can't run from
that sounds like a great backup
Let Fright Jar not dink YEP
I didn't realize their were fights you couldn't run from in chapter 1
Would 414 be the worst possible?
has anyone attempted to route an actual "low%" of this game
like the absolute minimum to beat the game
was losing my mind reading the pape discord lmao
Just route out action abilities, seem useless
In low% you get 30 close calls in a row
low% seems more like a challenge run than a speedrun
Message Not Sent  You are sending messages too quickly.
nah getting 30 close calls in a row is easy
Missing a Close Call is a skill issue
It's not getting the close calls that's hard it's having the patience to sit there for hours and do the same battle
I'm sorry Lopez, I'm a big dumb dumb and don't get it.
splatoon 3 obviously needs all those ports for efficiency
neighbor bothered me, so I missed the last few minutes.
don't get me started on my neighbor. super nice guy, who talks and talks. I can never walk away. lol
all these runners looking for wr while in just looking for a decent run so I can quit the game
hey wait this isn't prologue jr...
hey wait this isn't prologue jr...
log skip is good and fair
Is any% still just finishing chapter 5 thrice?
lol, been walking around with headphones, listening to streaming and having a fuckin phone call. no one's said anything.
I figured blue house skip would be one of the worst to learn.
there was one chad jp player who submitted an any% run on switch where they went to ch3 for the super boots and got sushie to do sushie peach warp instead
I still don't know why they did it
I like to think it was for the style points but we'll never know
yeah peach warp is pretty free
In case you want to run any% but really like the Crystal King fight for some reason
everything else loses a lotta time
oh wait I think 6 is alright
okay 5 and less loses a lot of time
4 and 5 are most common
on huff you usually get a 5 or 4 @Gusten13
everyone's knowledge about this game in here, makes me jealous. one of these days I'll get there.
every run is a good run in G'less
I was going to type out the meme of "every mistake is a learning experience" and then I laughed too hard at my own joke
6cap+ on huff is only like 10.3% lol
So you're gonna buy rf3 right
And you can suplex shit as a wooly
how're you going from 5 to 3
You turn into a tiny sheep dude and then you can suplex shit
It is genuinely the plot of the tellius games
You end racism and you kill god at the end
Only difference is micah isn't gay like ike
But he has raven so not being gay is correct I think
call me when micah gets gay
the 2nd part of that message is very bad out of context
quote taco on the second half of that message please
TacoGuyy: being gay is correct I think
Starry_Arie: TacoGuyy: being gay is correct I think
Like the hair part I understood but like THEY WERE IN KAIRI COSPLAY AND YOU STILL THOUGHT IT WAS ME
@buff00n They stared at some random chick in kairi cosplay at 2dcon thinking it was me in line
can we call taco kairi from now on
taco tends to say no to me a lot
I'm starting to think they don't like most of my ideas
'I guess fine' is better than 'bad'
Mmhm yes very intellectually challenging, bot. Thank you
reedqtBONK <- is this your pok'mon?
I need twitter to stop recommending me tweets about the direct
did you not see it or are you just tired of seeing it?
No people are just bitching about the farming games because they have nothing better to do lol
You got pikmin 4 out of limbo and zelda you got your mainstream shit let me have my scrimblo things
Also tried the squenix rune factory demo
It's very tedious to play so far
I probably should've actually watched the direct instead of skimming it and missing 90% of the content
The mechanics aren't fun and I have no hope for later parts of it
The plot is interesting though so I kinda wish it was just a regular rpg so I could play it lol
Lordknight has been preaching triangle strategy for so long
I still need to play the 1st octopath looks really good
I should play it I liked how it played in the demos
I'm excited that pikmin 4 is finally real and ig botw2 but not much else
I think the only I'll be getting is pokemon Scarlett.
Oh also tekken 8 teaser dropped
Kazuya double electric'd jin in it
I'm hype for the new god of war
would love to get my Xbox back from my ex gf, so I can get the new cod. but eh. don't really want to start that conversation. lol
been so long since I played the old god of wars dont have my ps3 anymore
that the main reason why I stop buying assassin creed games too big
I don't want an open world pok'mon I want them to put firered/leafgreen on switch
God of War decided that the dude who went around ripping things to shreds, limbs and smears on the floor/wall needed to be more human/relatable.
I want a linear path where the game calls me a fuckhead if I don't follow that path
rock tunnel has had lasting effects on some people proven by the above message
how many times I did it without flash as a kid
young me did not know flash existed
maybe some hydrate will save the tun
If I remember this run correctly you can just take dumbass risks everywhere and its fine lol
chomsky who is this, is this my new favorite pape runner?
'you need bow for green station' just do bowless
we can't ignore goombario this run? CRINGE!
yeah sorry I don't need a goombario getting stuck in my esophagus
alright this is getting mega gross
[insert joke about things getting stuck places here]
death by wii remote must be a strange way to go
I found a video called Man killed by (wii remote)
with enough speed a french fry could probably end you
You haven't seen me turning a french fry into a bullet
I feel like the french fry would fall apart before it even reached lethal speeds
that said, it could probably still kill you
I just realized I have nothing in my fridge and haven't eaten yet. so I ordered panda express. oops.
am I allowed to petifry the french fry?
chat how do we feel about panda express
I haven't had it for a while. and I've had pizza quite a bit lately.
Imo the food tastes like it's been sitting there for hours... oh wait
I used to get it a lot and got tired of it so overall 6/10
I think I've been to a standalone panda express a single time
you walk down the line of the foods and choose the ones you want in your thing
I work nearby a sewage facility. This bitch STINKS
the ears started sounding really fresh to you
seeing super boots here is so weird to me LMAO
It makes a convincing argument for deleting the all tab YEP
It gets all the cards in reverse really well
I didn't see the run, but I'd bet his route could be improved too
yeah, sway's usually really good with routing
I'd be surprised if there wasn't a little bit to save in there though
yeah, wii is cheating basically :)
oh boy I'm just in time for soap cake WR
phantom I'm here to let you know that you accidentally put salt instead of sugar in the cale
this is either a very cruel or very helpful comment
I can make you an irl salt cake if you'd like :)
I'll just swap all the sugar for salt
If you want the run to die, you can mash A when the whale is leaving the port :)
how much time would that lose?
why does a mashing whale kill the run?
kolorado can be talked to while on the whale, and he doesn't have any text so it softlocks lol
It's a tiny window but if you mash then you'll hit it
the ch5 bush one is so funny
there should be an all softlock run
change it from gless to couple glitches
I can close my eyes :)
I'll close my eyes if you do it
just give us a heads up and we'll all alt tab
okay I closed my eyes did it happen yet
just give us a thumbs up or something when it's over :)
for an easy gless pb just use glitches 4Head
did you glitch? I was alt tabbed so youre good
I hear that lp is accepting yoshi kid sacrifices in exchange for a 6 cap
for some easy time save make sure to egg bomb lp when it's at 1 hp
It would be so funny haha
I always forget about chapter 7
I haven't played pape all the way through in quite a while
Its the mario is kill chapter
and ig I just black out during runs where chapter 7 is happening
chom said they sensed the comeback so it might happen
anyone else watching the captions for that one? monkaW
It was very wrong and not very stream appropriate LOL
auto captions are great and 100% accurate
I didn't know you could turn captions on for steam.
probably. I'm always on mobile. no computer atm.
time to take some muscle relaxers and chillax. my lower back has been over strained for over 3 weeks now. let's go!
Is t there something you can do with paramaribo to skip this block push?
kolorado's always getting hurt and just straight up going the wrong way
this power bounce badge sure is fun
I like the part where it doesn't do what you want it to do it's the best
I like the part where it blatantly lies about its failure conditions
well if it didn't blatantly lie this game wouldn't have much game in it
well it could tell us the truth (that it's pure evil)
the pure evil trio: close call, power bounce, and mega rush
what's so evil about mega rush?
what if we had those badges but they were all 25 star pieces at merlow
It makes speedrunning this game so much worse because its condition is very difficult to achieve against bosses that attack randomly
Guess what, drunk Steve may be back
what if all bowser's attacks actually did the same damager
what if fire did the same damage as the others but lightning didn't
what if every attack was lightning
and every copy had NA music
the attention to detail in this game
but I had no idea what I ever thought it was
did not know it was a fish LOL
It's the 6cap lp you didn't get
I think phantom just played a fish gif on loop for that fight
realblopez: I think phantom just played a f
mx_four: realblopez: I think phantom just p
Starry_Arie: mx_four: realblopez: I think phantom j enter the fight with 1 hp
here's how I get the fight to work
(i dont get the fight to work)
j think phantom enter the fight with 1 hp
j think phantomgamesbot enter the fight with 1 hp
I can't believe the bot just asked a semi-coherent question
hey phantom I just happened to notice that haven't been upgrading your hit points you should try it next time you level up!
wait what is phantom of doing?
talking about toy story 3 and all
My goal in getting the Water Stone isn't Lily's item, it's pleasing the virtual character.
and to answer it, yes, yes I did ever gotten all 3 Toy Story Relay with two other people
We will definitely be submitting it to AGDQ
toy story 3 relay for next agdq?
no @garioairio Toy Story series relay, all three games right in a row
Our estimate is low too at 2:05
gtg gl with the run have a good stream
Bro, I haven't even practiced my game for NoGA but then again Warioware isn't hard LUL
I WISH I COULD DO COMMENTARY BUT I WORK EARLY!!! AND ARGHH
Someone else gets drunk Steve? oh boy
yo good luck on the marathon later
gl on the runs and the marathon
I mean I could catch the 1st hour
uhhhh yeah no way I'm catching that
I'm officially finally moving into the basement. My computer is all over the place rn phanto274Facepalm
what run are you doing for the marathon?
8 hours from now? I'll be awake cats4eWiggle
let's go 1 viewer for the marathon run
you mean 2 but only for the 1st hour
let's go toy story relay is officially in the running
how in the world is the prologue IL wr 15 minutes
I cosplayed as Rem from Re:Zero
To help a friend promote a club
I'd say it's a decent reason
Theres a vid of it in Jesse's discord
I didn't know who rem was until just know and I'm questioning it more now
guess who fucked up his hand this morning swifFlop
fell on some fucked up asphalt straight to the palm
I haven't been there yet and I hope not to be there
I have cerebral palsy so I'm fall prone been here many times unfortunately
I don't pick up my feet like the average person when I walk so uneven pavement can really fuck me up
but its an excuse not to clean my apartment today KEKW
I mean it's has to get done but having one hand that can grab isn't ideal
there's still a dull pain and it happened 10 hours ago
also thanks for making this emote one of your tags, I always forget how to spell it NiceSoftlock
you pb this rub I'll door dash you a burrito
I mean it's a win win you pb and get a free burrito
yeah it's basically fully loaded nachos but on fries and not chips
yo I Google it they got a location by me too swifPog
oh it's all ghost kitchens they don't have an actual restaurant
well rip that it's close but not close enough for doordash  if you know what I mean
halloooo twitch really forces me to type your whole name
It's the power of Carne asada is does things to your subconscious :)
SMOKING FAT JOINTS = BETTER PBS
so whats your opinion on the earth is a trapezoidal pyramid theory
It's like flat earth but with a trapezoidal pyramid
Its got nothing to do with Pape its what the promise of Mexican food does man
I mean, some games are really easy to get consistent timings regardless of length
A lot of 2D platformers are just hold right
Paper mario but all I can to is hold right now that's a category
I never said the objective was beating bowser or getting to credits :P
worth it if you ever need shitpost category extensions I got you fam
but wait, there's glitches in no glitches!
I mean glitch is a relative term
It has very little actual meaning without context
I like more the "no major glitches" nomenclature
every community has a different def
Intended% is the only true category
Commentating runs like "what I just did is definitely NOT a glitch Kappa "
again the definition of glitch is the most subjective hing in speedrunning that's never gonna change
unless you bring a game dev who worked on the game and did a 10 hours documentary video on how they envisioned you to beat the game, that will not happen
amazing, writting a debugging guide rn
Are you supposed to be in peril right now or does that come later?
That, btw, definitely not a glitch
Clipping through the bottom of the shelf? Not a glitch!
oh sick, good luck with that
Was this the PB that got double bomb and all the other good luck?
I want to eat some garbage fast food but idk what I want
realblopez: I want to eat some garbage
I've had popeyes a few times recently
I want to expand my horizons
LOL I just looked at your streams tags
at least you'll have 6 cap timesave pepeW Clap
were you more to the top or bottom I didnt see
I swear the top of those have an overlap with the thorns
we still on pace hot damn
also can we talk about how much of a banger the happy sun music is here after you destroy the machine
B A N G. E R
eternal mood with this game tbh
you can always compare to average Pepega
Is it possible to defeat grey shy guy?
all that matters is the final time
I think a saw a dude no live split just a straight up windows clock stopwatch LUL
I remember I tried comparing to my average in any% and it was a mid 1:42
might as well just look at pb lmfao
I mean if you delete your splits and Sr dot com history every run can be a pb GalaxyBrain
If you always reset, you can PB every run that finishes YEP
how bout you just have bad everything and pb by randomly discovering a new strat
me to the mods why would I do a glitch if I'm running glitchless so by that logic it's not possible to do a glitches
fun fact this  game has active live split integration that makes every glitch impossible if glitchless splits are active :)
phantom can I get a borat style "MY Wife"
I'm sweetening the deal you pb by 30 sec or more I'll throw in a dessert of your choice for free
dang I will be sleeping when the run is on Sadge
works out to perfect timing for me EZ
I have something to watch at work now
get it during event for an extra talking point Ezekiel
oh shit gg on sob I was afk
I believe smooch and reset peril
this wasnt the 349 not worth finishing :tf:
yeah you've been playing well lately
I should've been here earlier. I would've gave you the RNG you needed. Kappa
GGs, Phantom. Thanks for streaming. <3
BA got punched in the mouth by the vampire
So I killed it cause it would of taken me like 4 minutes to revive her
you have the check map open?
I'm gonna go take a nap after I see the starter
didn't you have a moltres starter last time?
now you just need zappos to complete the trio
Ice is already so much better than I was lol
I didn't even have to say my first sentence before it was already proved wrong. I was gonna say 'you better catch a legendary rn' but you already got one
you has ice punch already that covers everything
you're gonna teach your bird how to punch shit? Okay.
@Glennjaamin G L E N N - J A M I N '
can I be an hm slave?
who tf dropped their fuckin Kanto badge in a cave in Johto
so I've started trying the PM64 rando... I got destroyed LUL chapter 5 at c6 difficulty
what should my save name be this is very important
starting with Laki on new seed, interesting
ty for the great name glenn
Ice just grips the enemies eyes with its talons
I got a bit of a downgrade from moltres
STOP BUMMING BADGES OFF THE STREETS
for goomba bros you power jump+headbonk red and power jump blue correct?
no I did not headbonk blue don't be silly
It's like Pok'mon the movie 2000
Chillin played some Mario party with friends now I'm going to a soccer game with friends
Can you find like gym badges in a bush? Lol
you can't keep getting legendary starters right?
My boyfriend playing overwatch and I hear a lot of typing monkaW
Basically sucks when you have the highest impact on the team and still lose
rule of thumb: if I am on a Pok'mon team, I must have Rock Smash, no exceptions...
Is Little Cesar's propaganda banned here?
Little Caesar's is fire if it's fresh and not made by soemone who hates their life lol
Taco has some confusing takes... also no buff00n
I'm on tacos side about cane's
all Little Caesars/Cane's enjoyers are based
@buff00n I can agree with you about canes
should've done your math homework tbh...not drink Baja Blast
but what if you were stubborn and tried for a 3rd time?
bruh, I've never seen someone this unlucky when it comes to Pok'mon status effects
If you had beaten sabrina when you got there it would've been early fly
OW ranking went from 1530 -> 1580 today phanto274BLANKIES
Wonder how much it would cost to acquire a full Rock Band set and game jokehoMow
Is it possible for a rando seed to be impossible without glitches?
fyi, your tracker and lead poke cover your alerts
I feel special for a replay! w00t w00t
so when is the earliest you can go to kanto?
I know nothing about the GB games
I know absolutely nothing about this game.
but I'm just happy to be along for the ride. (:
after having played this game for 8 badges I can happily say I also know nothing about this game
since I never play GS I dont have the nostalgia to play it now
That's a matter of opinion Kappa
how is level scaling in rando?
from what I remember I got to level 10 in the first route and it was easy after that
I noticed that playing heartgold too
the fact the elite four has level 40s bothers me
I can't wait for the day I get to play phantoms least fav gen
other day I had a horrible seed, needed 50 star pieces for red key and guess what was behind red key?
good luck with your ironmon KEKW
well shiiiiit, I forgot thr ufc fights were on. only a few fights left. I'll be back later if you're still on. gl on the run!
If it's one random mon perms death that sounds awful
so it sounds like nuzlocke but less fun by a lot
Ive been making music all day
Fun but I am fucking beat lol
for a rainbow wing it's not very rainbow
I just uber eats'd some mcdonalds
do you have the typing advantages/disadvantages memorized?
Ice will always be super effective against water in my mind
hey at least it isn't gen 1 where waking up is your whole turn and you can be put to sleep again if you're faster and get hit again :)
I mean yea you can leave it at "at least isn't gen 1" for a lot of things
Imagine rolling an Articuno while running a seed that fuckin' HATES Articuno, specifically
I can't believe I died in the cannon room
"Oh, you didn't go to sleep? Well, BURN"
I don't usually save in fortress so I have to restart it Copium
Summoning Salt uploaded: Mega Man 2
when do I have an hour and twenty minutes to play mega man 2
@janitorbeav it's more of a "kick" than a "punch", but it gets the job done
"lemme punch you with these brittle icy bones"
how're you flying me if I'm dead
I believe it's actually very important
a fainted person is just a dead person that's breathing
your unconscious body still has use
has that egg still not hatched
phantom we already know that the egg is smallz
man I must be way behind
have you been to blackthorne at all
did the mega man run already happened?
I'm a little casual player so it's pretty bad
Is it possible to get into chapter 7 before finishing 6?
are you not using rare candies?
wow it's been a while since I've played this
one of my favorite pkmn games
how many games did you make trackers for?
knowing the mons by cry is a level of gaming I hope to never reach
I've heard that sabrina is a pretty easy gym leader Kappa
dude you're gonna have that egg during red
they'll ask what they were and you'll have to say you don't know
I imagine its very similar to pm randos but I have no idea what the logic is for this game
do these take just about as long as pm?
gtg gl with the rando have a good stream
Is the bot programmed to never make sense?
I'm going to watch thor on disney+ good luck with the rest of the run
what are you looking for? I thought if you just collect the 8 badges and beat the league, the game ends? lol
damn. I forgot this game has 2 areas.
heyo! just got home from my comic con
It was super fun! got to meet david hayter
he loves jumping into his snake voice
at his panel, he ended up talking about his screenwriting on the first 2 x-men movies
and his canon ending for metal gear solid is with otacon
yeet them grenades and get lucky
fun fact, when they recorded for the ps1 MGS, they recorded the lines in like a house
I mean, look at the opening for symphony of the night lol
I never got to play mgs 1
he actually didn't have any prints from bloodstained on his table
twin snakes brought a lot of good from 2 over to the original
I bought mgs1 a long time ago did not work so I got a diff game
never play twin snakes either too much $$$ for a copy
I got twin snakes through that retro game treasure thing
hopefully it is something. because I cannot stay up till 3am again. ugh.
well it was in fact something
oh yeah, I gotta set up an lttp rando for myself
only game I thinking about emulating without buying it is a ps2 game that worth like 700 bucks
crystal looks so damn good after a day of playing red phanto274Smile
was arcanine the snorlax or something? confused by your uno
Could it be in mt silver
I have a truly terrible feeling we will be seeing whirl islands soon
hey phantom go to the shop
I spit out my drink when you said minimize
dw its gonna be the very next check COPIUM
Watch this be lile a potion or some shit
I hear this and toad town music in my sleep so it gets old real fast
you're saying you did E4 before Clair or just that you delayed Clair that long?
Cheer100 good luck on the race! phanto274Mash
DD is kinda a lot of checks
you've gotten some bad seeds lately keizaThump
what's the toad beside the feeling lucky badge and d down jump?
I found my ds to play crystal and discovered that I got 11 badges and still don't have anything that knows flash
I almost hit you up to play together yesterday, but I was waiting for a call from my brother
I don't know how to get through rock tunnel'
rock tunnel is optional in crystal, too
@xanoobus are you from yt too?
oh, they're going to be separate seeds. nice
did you get somebody to vet the seed for submission before you play today?
would be sick to see a rando race in gdq
after I finish this seed I'm working on, I want to practice the rando so I can join the races. any tips?
my tip is play a lot
sweet, thats what I'm going to be working on this week
yeah this first one has been 6 hours+ so far phanto274Smile
Ive also been grabbing every single item and every check soooo LUL
yeah, should get accustomed to where every check is when you're learning any game rando
yeah that was my plan for the first few, checking everything so I learn where the checks are
I need to learn a couple of skips too, the LP skip seems very useful
do they not allow a check map for the race?
sma11zz too smart. ask for tips, only tips are already in use keizaShrug
ahhhhh, I see thats why you dont do LP skip in races
Isn't buzzar skip just either do the trick or say you're luigi?
a few laki jumps, but not the one into ruins (for some reason)
y0! I'm only 6 minutes late?! this is the best I've ever done.
No jcog for me today, so at least finally a good rando racer jcogWave jcogLUL
I would love to start hopping in to races, PM64 rando community is super chill and perfect for my current situation
you made it in plenty of time, kris
@461weavile never happens. I'm usually a couple hrs late. lol.
I got something to remedy the Merlow issue you raised for the next release
oh man, last night I bloody DIED in the midst of Poke-rando
bro the current seed I'm running, the third ruins key was a 40 star piece reward....
damn. that sucks. phantom, have you check star summit yet?
your pokerando or phantom's, @buff00n ?
game was telling you something. lol
@iAmKrisXx a lil' adventure's good for 'em
You're absolutely right. might toughen them up a bit.
that pokemon rando last night had me knocked
I drank some gin and juice, then conked out
If I don't move I might fall asleep to this rando rn
I stopped watching the poke rando around the one hr mark to fishing watching the ufc fights. and oh Boi, were they some good fights. lol
I wish I could autofill bttv emotes on mobile
that was a tough question can't believe you got it right
as much as I would love to use twitch emotes, it does take forever to do on mobile.
I always spell my emotes out. doesn't matter if I'm on mobile
I've never known, and probably never will know, what any of the emotes are, word wise. lol
yeah but when it comes to spelling out elwada it gets annoying @461weavile
by going to the mansion, obviously keizaW
(responding to the bot, btw. not trying to backseat.)
the one time I dont meme answer 111 too wtf
Merle had 4th ruins key.. This seed is rude LUL
I love the frozen flipped koopa
what do I want for dindin? I be hungry.
I will be sure to use my stopwatches on goomba and koopa fights I accidentally encounter
I think I'm having sandwich tonight
the mayor just handed me a letter to himself LUL
AFAIK stop is the status most enemies have the highest susceptability for
that reminds me, I need to throw laundry in
bruh I got the same pizza
I had indish, really good naan bread with butter chicken, the classic
I usually do "light sauce, pep, and extra cheese" because my lactose intolerant ass needs it.
Indian mango chicken w/ naan and rice was today's meal for me :3
Indian is so good, curries and stuff
Yeah sometimes it hits the tastebuds, sometimes your guts LUL
I'm a somewhat picky eater. unfortunately. so sushi is another food that I don't like. lol
I wish I liked it. it looks amazing.
Try California rolls with different stuff inside like grilled duck
that sounds good. I can stomach Cali rolls. I'm pretty sure it has avocado in it, which I can't do.
Can be done with whatever tho
only partner you need is goombario
My randomizer last night had Lakilester to be the 60th star piece reward. Also, Goombario was my starter
It is a muggy 80 degrees in ND right now. ugh
I've been dodging herbs all day in runescape, I don't want to train herblore atm.
logic let you beat ch 5 without jade raven?
And we're saving the Yoshis? Double Pog PogChamp PogChamp
I forgot how painful lttp keysanity can be
I like keysanity, but I don't play enough for it to be worth
I dipped dungeons so many times, and was only able to clear 1 dungeon at the 2 hour mark
best part, I still don't have the mirror yet
I have full dark world access, but I have to save and quit just to get back
I ended up spoiling, cause I needed lamp, and lamp is in ice palace
So if you actually die you have to restart right?
pokerandos have been treating us all badly, bot
yeah, talking to the bot keizaW
but yeah, I clearly need more practice with lttpr if I want to do keysanity more
I played your seed last weekend
I'm so sorry you did that
given that many dungeons just have like a million keys, yeah
keysanity essentially means you savescum PoD
but icebound, I play on hardware now
ch0m and I did co-op prime lock rando yesterday
I mean, the routing doesn't really change. check uncle, then kakariko, then go from there
we also got sad and quit 3 hours in
I wanna do prime 2 rando, but I don't know prime 2 very well
I work the next 2 saturdays
what time do you do them, weavile?
yesterday we didn't start until a little after this time.
two weeks ago we started at like 11 am
I've been working on fixing my unfortunate sleep schedule
did your partner menu just say bombette? keizaDeer
my sleep schedule is in bed by 8ish, asleep by 9ish, wake up every morning at 430am. lol
mine is sleep by ??? and wake up by ???
Is that 430 eastern or pacific?
my dog is on my schedule too, so when I drag my feet sometimes in the morning, he let's me know. lmao.
yikes. I was going to say that 430 for pacific people is like 630 for everybody else
The Peril Strat is exactly like that one meme. "Send help but not for me"
so what did you need to get bow anyways?
oh yeah, on my lttp seed, dark caves are out of logic until lamp, and I got fire rod on the other side of EP's dark cave
sushie not as good at jumping as jumpman
sushie also isn't as good at jumping as goombario
@cpunkc I just pictured flying with kamehameha like they do in the original DB series
videl learned how to fly before roshi
Hahahahahahaha I can see that @weegee666
think I'm gonna do some lttp rando retro settings practice
phanto274Lurk be back in a bit
Couldn't Bombette have been in 2/Prologue? Am I missing something?
retro settings is the keys can be used anywhere one
That would have been very spooky if you didn't have Last Stand LUL
and now we rich. let's go!!
It'll be worth it. It always is. Kappa
level up down here too. w00t w00t
Hello there. Glad to check back in after a bit.
Why so star points? Lv 7 sewers?
Danger Mario and 15 FP? These badges must be good today
might as well. you're already here.
I was also just thinking the same thing. no seeds.
don't worry you're not missing anything
that ice power would've been great 40 minutes ago.
Watch you have needed it in a pinch later on
I just realized you still don't have lakilester
you do need home for 6 though.
Watt also has less text iirc 5Head
I mixed the cherry moonshine juice and sprite, and all I'm getting at the end of my cup is moonshine phanto274Sip phanto274Facepalm
I didnt realize the new RAC route gave you some more propaganda for no all tab lol
I also mean at Tubba's gate, partners you normally have there have extra text
have you ever heard of 'five guys'?
I think that's gonna be my dindin.
I didn't know if it was a Midwest thing.
Five Guys is great, but far too expensive these days
we even have five guys here in canada
a big burger and Cajun fries sound delish
I cant wait to run defeat bowser in a couple months FeelsOkayMan
just toss no pw into extensions
don't wanna upset the boomers SadgeCry
lol weavile he is who I was thinking of
I always make fun of him for it keizaW
the only thing I'm really bothered by on leaderboards is how far back glitchless is buried
just checked one of the hint blocks. boots are in ice palace phanto274Rage
last time we talked about pape he asked me why nobody was running a "category he knows" like no pw
rowf just wants to make money, ya know?
well I only run rac and occasionally no ace so
I was gonna do some no pw after I grinded any% a bit but I kinda dont like it that much pepeW
all cards is good and fair
I mainly wanted to learn more glitches but then rando gltiched logic vids came out
I'm interested in learning all cards too, but I just have too much on my hands to be streaming atm
post sub 350 all cards grind?
I dont think ive even seen an all cards run tbh
but if I ran all cards then I'd have a real pb and not just my rac pb except I submitted to all cards instead
bacon cheeseburger, Cajun fries, and a oreo milkshake. I really gotta start eating healthier again. lmfao.
my submission comment is "intended order, you know the drill"
It's good if you can tolerate peach cutscenes
I want to do lzs eventually but its so annoying to grind out
building muscle memory for lzs or bhs sucks my ass
goomba king crying bc you won't visit
my neighbor has been "repairing" his snowblower for the last 2 weeks. like wtf is he doing...
Only if you have a viable status option
As someone who is bad at fighting in paper Mario, I get scared easily when I see high hp enemies
I wanted to beat the entire Paper Mario (I'm not good with speed running so sorry if this isn't a speed running question) but the problem is I'm more worried about my health
I wanted to beat the entire Paper Mario (I'm not good with speed running so sorry if this isn't a speed running question) but the problem is I'm more worried about my health
worrying about your mental health is very much a speedrunning question
Since I'm not good at dodging attacks or in other words blocking attacks I tried to keep doing that but I always end up getting game overs and it's getting my temper going
How do you know the color combo?
they should randomize the boxes lol
and make it reshuffle every time you get it wrong
I mean is there a way to look for it? Or is it a trial and error type of way to find it out for the first time?
Also the shy guy fight that has the note is in the correct color order
depending on how you're feeling after the race, how would you feel about a fun rando seed? :0
she looks like a lime skittles
what about the boxes having to be hit in the same order you find the switch palaces in mario world
oh yeah that's right. I forgot about that. sorry for asking.
Omg don't tell me you actually like the green apple flavor? @iamkrisxx
ohh, triple gdq submission? what exactly are you guys submitting?
I'd much rather have green apple than lime. lol
Mmmmm see idk about that. I like the opposite
I did a GDQ submission the other day and got a WR during it
I'm just now finding that hp plus in ch3 guy YEPSPIN
I tend to do that during most of my submissions though, either PB or WR, happens almost every time
I'm good! How's the race going?
Why would I? usually, I can find my way around no problem
Finally! I'm in boss rush now
Ugh.... why the hell would I need a fucking map just for this shit?
You have a lot of stuff for not even touching chapter two yet
A mixture of Sadge and Madge
Beg your pardon. Why was Laki under that guy's robe?
@ohrocks I'll work for you if you work for me. I really don't want to roof this week.
all we need to do is find Goombario and we're in go mode
Also, Phantom is slowly becoming clairvoyant with where things are now in randomizers.
my job is working as a valet employee and we go to private parties, events, etc. and sometimes we're in the middle of nowhere... like today
Ouch, just noticed the 6 BP Pow Rush
cars just came in non stop and they're still arriving
on second thought. I don't think I'd be very good at that ohrocks. lol
Have you found anything truly vanilla?
I wish so badly there was some way to cheat temple stones for randos
ch7 needing kooper is so lame
Is it possible to clip below the ruins stone puzzle?
I'm unironically just doing it in runs now
until it stops working at least
Me who likes Ruins Jump: papeHands
what's ruins jump? skip 4th key?
Yeah, that's fair, I'm hardly able to join races anyway LUL
Wow the checks here are insane!
Multiple Chomp fights in rando OOOO
So does that mean logically the stones are in ch6?
Did you find and ignore Goombario yet?
What if they're both on Mt. Rugged :)
If I had to guess I'd say it was the island check in the sushi room where you have to dodge what's already on the ground to get what's in the tree?
burger and fried have been destroyed.
Whoa, Whacka has a key item for once!
I feel like it should be a logical alternative to Cake Mix
I just noticed, do you not need all 4 magical seeds anymore?
I love me some Paper Mario! majiczTingle boomma2Dab nickat12KirbyGG nickat12TotodileYAY
milkshake was a bad idea. regret.
Speedruns and Randomizers are very hard
boutta Uber eats some spicy McChickens before I leave IL
In Virginia they were 1 70 for spicy
I remember getting a spicy mcchicken for a dollar
hard to believe just 10 years ago, they were 65c at the McD I worked at when graduating from high school.
I remember when everything was half the price it is now :)
mcchicken is a dollar menu tier item
and our wages are still the same :)
yeah not worth it when I can buy a large pizza at little caesars for only 2 dollars more and be fed for 2 whole days
I had it this week... I can't handle eating Caesars
It's what you get for what you pay but it's not good
Oh that's not bad for delivery too?
I think ima get a gyro after this seed
I pay 12 bucks for 1 Big Mac, a 1/2 lber and Large Fries using the McDs App
my body has a 12-hour recovery period after ingesting it, but I push through
And I live in the Northeast where almost everything is expensive
I pay like 6 bucks for my mcd order if I have the app
did I miss something? did Dante say something he shouldn't have?
oh I thought it was another tax
If its for the driver then I'm down
Oh dang, some people don't deserved tips with how they act/handle your food
gotcha. lol. eh. idk how I feel about that.
taco did you ban me lol
I missed it, what just happened??
Ralph gatekeeping key items I see
Rowf out here making the big bucks
lol at that clip btw. that was just some bs.
dang, haven't seen the ruff puff double-up in a while, I hoped that had fixed itself ...
nothing suspicious about it at all.
I've seen this... thrice, I think? Absolutely no clue what causes it
probably would've been a good guess
Ah yes, the most key item ever'. Fright jar
I think I was afk did merlow have anything
how often does that happen, where you max out BP in rando?
I mean, you don't /have/ to do Pie Jumps
According to the rando discord, it's like 1.3 seconds between Pie Jumps and Parakarry
But intended is 13 seconds slower than Parakarry
So if there's any chance you fail Pie Jumps Parakarry is just better
please make your voice heard, as long as it's the right voice :)
first thing I see is banning luigi skip
because fuck that green son of a bitch
yo I'd get a 6 minute time save
If you name it any% no ace, you're implying that our ace friends can't speedrun any%
so, pyramid stone and palace key for go mode?
I mean, you can do all the checks at once YEP
how did you know which one was the real kooper?
I do like this color for kooper
Forced double dip of palace KEKW
at least you're in go mode though! LETS GO!!
d down I feel is good enough though?
How much money do you have and are willing to give to a man in the sewers?
ugh. do I have to go to work tomorrow?
I think you routed pretty well. but that's just me.
where was palace key I missed it
It does take forever to get to Crystal palace.
oh. so a younger friend of mine said the word, bussin', and I had never heard that before. she told me what it was and I died and now say it all the time. gotta stay hip.
I'm just not with the times anymore. lol. but the burger I had earlier be bussin.
This cheeseburger from McDonald's is bussin bussin
I mean. you have good damage.
plenty of repels and life shrooms fo sho homie.
also, retro settings are not for me for lttpr
maybe I'll just do some basic runs. non keysanity ones
are you done streaming after this? or are you gonna stream the gdq submission?
I've never tried retro. doesn't appeal to me
yay. for me anyway. you just have to deal with my shit longer.
even though, I will be crawling into bed here shortly.
lmao. I'm sorry your key broke bot.
Power Bounce in Star Haven shop YEP
Oh Snap @Serendipity29 Thanks for the gift sub!
I'd copy paste too but I have something already copied I dont wanna overwirte yet
pretend I'm saying the same as everyone else
anyway I can't watch what you're gonna do soon but I've got somewhere to be so it's ok
that seed was fucked up dude
I translated '2 up up up 4' as 2 to the fourth
Ban me I dont wanna pop up on your streams. Tell the community as well. I'm tired of you guys doxing me. Goodbye -girthdaddy2022
why wont he leave me alone
I did triple dip 7 but not with blue key
Ban me I dont wanna pop up on your streams. Tell the community as well. I'm tired of you guys doxing me. Goodbye -girthdaddy2022
Ban me I dont wanna pop up on your streams. Tell the community as well. I'm tired of you guys doxing me. Goodbye -girthdaddy2022
this was the worst ive ever played
Ban me I dont wanna pop up on your streams. Tell the community as well. I'm tired of you guys doxing me. Goodbye -girthdaddy2022
I did get tilted rigby lmfao
Ban me I dont wanna pop up on your streams. Tell the community as well. I'm tired of you guys doxing me. Goodbye -girthmaddi2022
Ban me I dont wanna pop up on your streams. Tell the community as well. **************** guys doxing me. Goodbye -girthdaddy2022
I was so rusty for the first hour that I was spinning into walls constantly
I got somewher between 15-20 encounters
I encountered the guy guarding power quake 4 times
I was so mad at myself
glad we had the same experience ryan LOL
you didn't have to do the swag hammers m4 lol
yeah I mean it's my fault lmao
you always have to do swag hammers
how will we know m4 is swag otherwise?
but then pp comes to save the day
have not heard of PM randomizer. This sounds amazing! I loved the original game o-o!!
Are traps turned off for this run?
Traps are stupid, I hate false advertisement
I love this. This sounds like chaos!
what happens when you pick up a trap in this rando?
Ok yeah, totally screaming chapter 6
And then it's gonna be ch 7 scaled lol
does this mean you still have to go through all the chapters?
If Fuzzies are high-scaled, sometimes you may need to wait
so are enemies random? or just items?
Arguably you could have equipped Last Stand
I keep thinking about how there's stuff you haven't mentioned or that I didn't hear mentioned and then I remember this isn't the gdq run
that was a triumphant letter lol
Now is tossing items out like that a Rando feature?
I missed almost 20 minutes. ugh. but I'm back!
kris I don't think I ever thanked you for my gift sub so ty!
@garioairio not a problem! thank you!
so they don't randomize every desert block? cause I see you skipping some
super boots + laki = island access right?
y0. gear shuffle. I can dig that.
I've never seen a more pog rip cheato. wtf. l0l
There's a reason you got Odd Key LUL
Rip Cheato, what the psykitHeck ?
"simple" I still can't navigate through it.
Sheesh Seed, make up your mind
Now it's pointing towards 1 lmao
I still think chap 6 is the way to go.
are there any peach scenes after the chapters?
First two letters of my name, noice
that's good. at least there's no 60 star piece req. lol
extra star pieces? not fast keizaWut
Oh hi Donatello, what are you doing here?
omg! I would've never guessed that platform was a trap!!
It would seem that Luigi has played a sick practical joke, and, peed on your hat.
I can't believe Luigi would do something like that.
I can. He has every reason to seek revenge.
every reason to seek revenge. l0l.
How much of Chapter 2 have you done?
I guess you could go check a little bit in the mansion and forest?
did you get to choose your first partner?
I don't see that often. usually you have watt to knock em over. lol
In before GDQ run starts with Goombario.
are there any partners which can be locked behind themselves?
phantom I would like to say that you told me gen 2 rock tunnel was easy and I spent at least 5 minutes there
Don't think Bombette can be behind a bomb wall.
essentially which party members don't you need for ch 8
y0 axl. how was your stream?
did you not have cut, garioairio?
race was fire, except fuck triangle stone. I Pb'd by over an hour
that's awesome axl! and yeah. that pyramid stone was some bs.
You level up next fight too
Are you sure that this is the run that you want to submit? LuL
What's the desired GDQ run estimate time?
I would've given you a nicer seed. js js.
This might be more like a six hour seed.
I forget. Can you sneeze your way into the toybox yet?
>That moment when you have to consider the idea of using homeward shroom to get into toybox.
I'm not gonna lie, I kinda want to see you homeward shroom your way into toybox. LuL
did you find power bounce? I was surprised to see it in star haven shop
a key item from moles! let's go!!!
That damn Luigi.. He peed on Bombette too.
hey axl. (: and Luigi is just doing this on purpose by this point.
this morning I did a warm up seed with the race string ive always used and watt was in a hidden block LMAO
also that one had lunar stone behind 60 star pieces MonkaS
l0l. sounds about right. and ouch. that's rough. 60 star piece requirement is icky.
It didnt feel that bad tho, I had no trouble finding them
playing everyday last week def paid off
nothing on your 300+ hour mark but I hit 80 hours today
can we call that jr bombette? she's the same color has him LUL
Where was that where we needed it 2 minutes ago?
I was fixing my sheets, was bombette at Mike's?
second hardest fight in the game, complete
thank you for your contribution...of ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!!
just 1 check and it gonna be something you need
that's how it works blacktiger lol
I just found out like 2 vods ago that sushi is a girl?? Never knew that until the other day
Waaaaaaaatt? (Get it? Like whaaaaat but watt instead?)
how much was super jump charge?
I'm excited to play this again
I caved and bought the switch online+ thing
this is the boss I struggle with the most in casual. still do honestly.
and I'm flying down to Uruguay this thursday
It's one 5 hour flight and then a 7 hour flight monadoBonk
never been on an airplane. w00t
been in a helicopter a couple times
I will never get on a plane fuck that
did the bot misspell that on purpose? keizaThink
I did just recently watch fatguys dark star vids.
and all I have to say is I don't recommend dark star. lmfao.
ah dark star great to watch not to play
I don't blame you. he can be a big meanie head.
so, what's the plan, back to 4? or finish 2?
what is this "LOGIC" you keep saying?
ahh, so like it's still a finishable game
You've seen my screaming shy guy plush right?
that sounds awesome honestly. do you make your own plushys or something?
Is it like a shy guy plush with a voice box with the screams?
ugh. I should be sleeping right now. only 6ish hrs till I have to be awake for work.
my brain keeps telling me to call that earlier check at the fortress, "lak-luster"... >x<
ah ha, I found my tweet
and now the whole world is unlocked.
since partners are special items, is it possible to have a trap placed on them?
alle. that is both amazing and terrifying. I love it!
can you lose a level then?
so what happens now? You proceed with the game as "usual" and get all the stars? Or can you somehow skip straight to bowser?
have you ever beaten the game without getting a partner?
trying to think if you need goombario?
Want to talk about what you just did there?
the entire volcano was her prison
how did you exe6 mrathon run go? was kinda sleeping lol
Bruh, I saw MWSF. Saving the YoshI's would be the first thing I do in this scenario in a marathon
just remind me when it goes up
can watch it at work lol
since my rando got 4:33, next goal is sub 4:15
yeah, like icebound pointed out you can press start during the homeward
soooo, you just need a ruins key and boos portrait for go mode?
ah I missed it, what happened?
Is it worth sleeping in the inn for the single check or just wait til you have everything?
Cheer100 Cheer100 9 more of these and agumon will be mine
Its no fun to do it all at once
boos portrait better not be behind 4th ruins key. lol
Could be behind 3rd key though
Icebound was telling me to make a yaml for making a race ruleset seed. How would I do that?
would the preset stand race work too?
Ive never seen that text box lol
I didn't even know clubbas could do that. l0l
I paniced cause I didnt know how to block lol
hold on. I missed it. you can unlock augumon emote?
were they cut from the game?
I'm curious to see what goombario would say about them
I loved Digimon season 1 and 2. 3 wasn't too bad but I will get that augumon emote. in time.
didnt you say you had issues with dark star on everdrive?
the first and 7th chapter yes rest no
Its sucks was really enjoying watching you play it
let's try this badge combo- annnd the game crashed again
I need to play more black pit
I dont think he knows how to
I did a first look and never went back
thats were I found the triangle stone
was it just the one version?
panels havent been that bad for me, but still have a few I need to learn
okay I need to get to bed, ive seen enough pape for one day. Doing 2 randos was a bit much LUL
Leo didn't make top 8 so
I think I'm playing omori tonight FeelsOkayMan
I'll wake up for one someday COPIUM
I have never watched a full run
my watchtime for Joe's stream is probably .... way over that ironically BloodTrail
What did I JUST tell you an hour ago?
Sounds like we joined in post-pain phanto274Smile
yeah that was when you got Sushie at the 2hr mark
I mean bp* fuck I forgot we're not playing crystal
do you only get one chance to block an attack? Or is it like you get locked out after pushing a button?
need a Twink hulk-out emote next
time to sleep, much overdue haha. thank you for the stream!!
the stream says paper Mario was so hyped, outbound ghost came out today so I've been on a paper mario spree but to see pokemon I'm content songof8Hype songof8Hype
oh that reminds me, I should check the intermediate results for entertainment
I've been playing pape switch just a little bit and god damn is the pause screen slow
exeggcute would of been a cool starter
the best part about owning the vote document is getting to judge everyone's bad takes NiceSoftlock
what a start, I guess vulpix got replaced quick
wait what item did I have LOL
leveling me up is gonna suck lol
nah ho-oh will learn sick moves
a spot on the party forever FeelsOkayMan
I forgot how surprised Pikachu face the backsprite for Ho-oh looks in this game.
I got lost in rock tunnel for a while (like fully lost) and had no ropes to get out
feraligatr is pretty cool though you can't lie
I'm outraged that we're not leveling the Vulpix to 100 in the starting area.
I forgot how much I enjoy GSC music until I watched your Crystal randos
vulpix at level 100 will finally learn a fire type move
how much gen 2 have you played to have memorized that?
@Garioairio You can pretty easily navigate that through audio alone. It's a short path.
Why do you need escape ropes? Dig.
It's easier for me to just use flash (if I could ever find something that can learn it)
HM 06... This is going to be another one that you have to really work for.
you know where to come for a raiku now
So how u cheeat yourself a HO-OH now? Kappa
Well, they clearly just have two of the doggos in this tower.
Isn't surf better than bubble beam?
One of these three, you mean. > _>
You can't just force someone to flash
one day mom will learn that you don't want her to hold some money
Where's the nearest bus? Gonna go throw myself under it.
I'll tell you if you promise to be safe @vikihexen
Yo when's our MMBN2 blind speedrun race?
Just see who gets the farthest
I've played it 4 times you're good
No no, do a BLINDed speedrun race.
If Gario flashes me, I'd be blinded
I'm basically done with my GDQ submissions
I just gotta submit FF2PR and Z1M1 lol
"blind" / blind(?) / TECHNICALLY blind BN2 race
Nah, I have general submission videos
I'm just gonna slap those in
Except that the seed you all picked sucks. LuL
are you guys gonna race the seed you played in the submission video?
your submission's approved, but you start with Goombario on race day
just wait for ho-oh to naturally learn fly duh
Oh yeah. How many hours until we get Fly? Can we get a gamba going? Haha.
Why would you wish that on anyone
sabrina fly is my favorite kind of fly
@iceblue heart of the cards, champ
Shoot me in the chest with a shotgun before I use Goombario
In the event y'all roll Goombario on race day, I apologize for speaking the curse into existence
When do you wanna race BN2?
Sir I don't even know the speedrun
I'd be playing it blind :)
Ice will just do a casual run in the race
Guess I'll have to do a tiny bit research so I can catch up to you
good ol ice rod hanging out in turtle rock
red mail was pretty much vanilla, and it turned my cloud sprite into zack lol
you should totally catch that trainers lugia
Ah yes. I remember Lugia in the movie using SOLARBEAM.
you'll just be moving back and forth his whole rando
Just use all three all game. 5head
but bite is 60 whole power and 60 is more than 40
hate to raid and run but I gotta get to work
wait until he gets a gyarados with ice punch against your full dragon team
you'll get fly eventually and then you can get your money back
Bike>Early squirt bottle>Go say hi to Mom>Profit?
wait you were complaining about no fly without the fly badge?
But think of all those cool Pokedolls she'll get for you.
you'll come home to a kitted out room
Fire stone for me? : D
All I'm saying is that if you get the rail card, go beat Sabrina.
I needa start paying attention to these crystal randos and learn them like I did the pm
phantom5800 I know that you can beat her level 50 team with your level 14 ho-oh
So, the rail card is pretty common to get at this point, no? Since you're either going to get the card or the squirt bottle. There's no other option.
Unless you get surf and a badge, I guess.
so your choices will either be check kanto or stay in johto?
Except that you're you. So, naturally you're going to find only the rail card ever.
playing STRAY today, Good luck with rando
It came out on disc today
PS4 players have to wait til Nov KEKW
at least according to best buy and target listings I saw
But you could level me up. LuL
but phantom with the exp share you can feraligatr and ho-oh
what if feraligatr becomes sick later and you never know
viki I'm sorry to say but after you getting flash I think you're an hm slave
I reject your reality and substitute it with my own.
welp have a nice day in that reality
Oooh.. I wish that we could have the randos start us in a randomized location.
I was thinking about pape earlier and realized that using bomb on jr is the same as bombing a child
Would be really nice if Ho-oh had STAB against Paras YEP
Looking like it's time for that Rocket HQ soon. Haha/
So instead of throwing Viki under the bus, he's throwing them into the sky
so you can't tell mom to stop saving money?
There's no way it's not Rocket HQ.
can I be the egg if it ever hatches?
question: where is the power plant
whats the saving yoshi kids equivalent in this
I dunno. At the rate you're going, you might find all the badges before the hour ends.
the phone keeps telling me it's between lavender town and route 10
I mean, the devs never expected you to be in such a situation. So, they just kinda slapped those things together.
Wow that jumpluff has some coverage
gen 2!! It's sad I've never shown up to this before, since Crystal was my first so it's special to me
kanto birds have high run chance in gen 2 anyway
That Golem grew out of the egg like a damn afro poofing up.
I mean, Jolteon could be a really good sweeper for you?
I don't think that you're allowed to say "I can beat soft sand girls" on Twitch. LuL
Phantom.... you can't just say that live on Twitch.tv/phantom5800
I mean.. Sabrina is in logic. LuL
Have you tried [REDACTED] area and check the [REDACTED] spot?
It's fine. I'll see myself out. LuL
THE REAL HERO THAT WE NEEDED.
So ya' had a baaaad daaaaay~
Streamer are you catching them all?
Just think, you can fight Sabrina soon enough. LuL
Ok I'm gonna go to bed, there were some drunk girls on the metro that I connected with on a spiritual level and I need to sleep on this discovery and process it
I'm going to the Netherlands tomorrow to get crossed KEKW
That is one of the best things that I've ever read.
Where in Germany and where in Canada?
Be like.. hella careful in Toronto.
Barcelona and lisbon apparently had pickpockets but I didn't see shit KEKW
Toronto is like... crime capital of Canada.
Just be safe is all. Treat it like being a tourist in Mexico.
I'll be super safe and secure
You should do a co-op w me someday
Give me a reason to play this shit again KEKW
Just hit a light switch next to my hotel bed and it burned my eyeballls fuck ne
My buddy from the UK covered my whole tab tonight I'm so blessed
Idk if he knew what he was getting into tho lmao
Ok axtuallly going to bed now zzzzzzzzzz cya latwr
You and I both know what the game wants.
The number of escape ropes so far.
Erika = Exp towards fighting Sabrina.
You have a bunch of optional trainers that you can go back and bully too.
Just beat most of Erika's team and die over and over on the last mon.
I love the idea of a Steelix screaming into a hole in the ground at a Ho-oh.
only an hour and a half ish late. LETS GO!! Gl on the run!
yo I hatched? I didn't think it would actually happen what am i?
nah, I don't have it enabled because 7tv is a cesspoll of pepe emotes
Spell it out with me, Phantom.
not progression my ass you can't progress while paralyzed
this little kid and his jumpluff will fuck you up every time
tonight is beer and burgers. yummmm
Look at the murderous intent in those eyes/
decided to not be lazy for once and just grill.
Do we need an Escape Rope counter???
Watergun? Frustration? It knows that you need squirt bottle.
Okay. Your turn to say it now,  Phantom.
hey phantom I heard there was a pretty good fire type move at uhhhh what's her name
this seed will just be begging for sabrina
just chilling watching the steam and playing some yugioh master deal
You need progress but all you get is depression.
I'm just doing the event for some gems
CAN YOU SMEEEEEEELL WHAT THE SABRINA IS COOKING?!?!
whenever I try to use hydro pump or fire blast I miss
because it's normal for alakazam to have hydro pump. lmfao.
Howdy Phantom phanto274BLANKIES  hows the crystal rando so far?
I got all of my OBS stuff set up today, if I'm available Sunday I would love to join the PM64 Rando Race
I turn on stream an instantly hear a banger phanto274Jam
not a landy carry seed Sadge
phanto274Jam this emote is so cute
you ever thought about doing a random evolution seed?
tbh, didn't think I'd get this far
@garioairio no, I'd never subject him to that
starts Elite Smash, power randomly goes out
Gonna have PTSD over Jumpluff. Haha.
I wish that Corsola was better. I really like Corsola.
that's what you get for ruining her date
Also, for the love of all that is holy, can you please get KEKW?
You better get out of my way
Gotta stick to the gen 2 rival mentality
Why am I catching this trash
One was either Feraligtr or Croconaw
And the last one was dragonair?
oh hi, I've been lurkin ya w/o realizing it.. hehe here from the raid
Yeah doesn't show up as an emote for me lmao
Tell 7tv to stop giving 69 blowjobs to pepe emotes, and I'd use it
I mean, I have 40 emote slots total
Now you can catch that legendary dog Chikorita .
You get slightly drunk Steve tonight
lol ima go back to lurking now
Also, @iAmKrisXx We had the same braincells there.
oh, snap, I have never had a Pokemon named after me before
lilany1CuddleEvie lilany1CuddleEvie lilany1CuddleEvie lilany1CuddleEvie lilany1Cuddleflarey lilany1Cuddleflarey lilany1Cuddleflarey lilany1CuddleJolt lilany1CuddleJolt lilany1CuddleJolt lilany1CuddleVape lilany1CuddleVape lilany1CuddleVape lilany1CuddleVape lilany1CuddleSylvey lilany1CuddleSylvey lilany1CuddleSylvey lilany1CuddleLeafy lilany1CuddleLeafy lilany1CuddleShinyBre lilany1CuddleShinyBre lilany1CuddleShinyBre
stun spore can be good? sometimes.
yeah I was force to be a hypno
well I am also shiny am I jot
and makes absolutely no sense. nice job bot.
I keep thinking bot is a real person
No. The bot just has ADHD.
"Fuck this game. This game sucks"
he never had covid in his mouth.
I'm a self proclaimed Team Rocket member.
So all people involved with the Toy Story Series Relay submitted to GDQ, so I am now hoping and crossing my fingers for it to get in
I wonder what the tree is.
Squirting involved before smashing. Got it.
slightly drunk Steve has to make one more submission video tonight
AND it is my favorite run too so it might not be the best
and now that everything done I need to go find a nasty seed for you
you got to keep that lovely kiss  lmao
I heard you like sleeping, bro.
better then I can do in real life LUL
I didn't get to see the Battle Network run, how did it go
Honestly, I need that Misdreavus IRL.
I had the worst run of my life for Warioware so don't worry, went 2 minutes over estimate
I always catch 1 when I was a kid
Also, regarding our earlier tree joke.
you submitting to NHA? My birthday is on opening day so you should definitely do that
I'm having fun with the mental image of you throwing the Vulpix at mach speeds with a rope attached to it and that's how it flies.
I mean, gotta put our 50 escape ropes to use somehow.
Your fight or flight response kicked in when you saw the Articuno. LuL
You can start curing the milktank. KEKWait
It's going to be my birthday and they told me they are going to sing for my birthday but all I want them to do is allow me to make the first day schedule LUal
just fill it with games I love
the bot is rocking 4 alt accounts. lol
Right. I have terrible memory for the badge effects.
I just caught myself playing pikaboo with my dog. covering his eyes with his ears. he's a basset hound. lmfao. what is wrong with me.
This seed is really making you 100% it.
oh shitt when is this rando seed happening?
I need to find a seed 1st probably gonna start looking later tonight
Hopefully I can be there for most of the run, if not I'll watch the VOD
oh I have a seed I want you to play but I don't have the points
the seed have to make me want to  throw up or it not good enough
I'm gonna just use the setting you normally use
I prefer playing with traps honestly
I'm thinking shops key and panels is that fine?
definitely about to stevet13Lurk so I can do my submission video
ooo. lvl 60. you still have the master ball?
y0! it's been my life long goal of being a zapdos.
I'm still awake after being in bed for ab an hour
I probably wouldn't be so tired if I wasn't roofing again. been roofing for like a week and a half. ugh.
that'd be awesome. lol. just randomly see a tank driving down the street.
I think you're gonna need to get more super repels. 40 is not enough.
gonna take a peak at this list.
Wait, so anyone could just make you do a glundo with enough points?
Oh, it defaults to the wrong tab
kinda Wana save points for Luigi man run or Digimon. I think that'd b le fun. eh?
all in one sitting. lol. 8+ hr stream. let's go!
I thought you just picked up Aeroblast?
Chuck said something about Aeroblast while handing you a TM, the text might have been wrong though
It was TM4, yeah, so you did just pick it up
This is probably way too much info, but, I have a pimple on one of my booba and it's making it really uncomfy to wear a bra. ; _;
You're welcome. I needed you to share in my pain.
I remember this puzzle being way too hard for me as a kid
Better go return the soft sand to the soft sand girls. They seem to have misplaced it.
You mean the first TWO HOURS? Haha.
Claire: That's not a Dragon Pok'mon- *Mewtwo Mind Magic* ....I've never SEEN a Dragon Pok'mon such as this one! Where'd you find it???
How could you, you monster? You just don't care about the sick Miltank.
We need fan art of you throwing a Vulpix and getting dragged through the air after it. KEKW
I REALLY want the Steelix screaming down the hole at Ho-oh one.
You'd be resetting so much. I'm sorry to say.
my usb snes controllers came in
Its time for some pokemon despair soon
u always start with a legendary
Hey. I blinded the heck out of a Pokemon.
Did you ever check the water stone union?
Got'cha. I think I zoned out a bit at that time.
Oh yeah. I blinked. What was the 55 move?
yo gen 2 victory road music
In the ship, did you check the bottom right room after you found the grand daughter?
Okay. 'Cause there's a metal coat check there.
yo hold b for text PepeComfy
wait if u haven't gave the elite  for how u get to Kanto
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo I'm going to have to ask you to stop pinging me in your discord chatroom I'm not interested in you "going live" etc thank you
Looking at this map, I just learned a pretty wild thing. Suicune ends up in the wall near the park after you encounter it at Cianwood.
Why do you always have a legendary for this shit
Only reason to catch a legendary
How do you consistently roll seeds that hate Flying Pokemon
I did Chuck's wife
Also, "I did Chuck's wife." LMAOOOOOOO
The Charizard and Ho-oh both look so surprised to see each other.
@bot you better pull that message
Windwaker runners are cringe he's spitting
I've been combing the map with a fine tooth, well, comb.
Missing a badge, and that would unlock the HP UP gift.
Full clear of the water south of Lavender?
hey did you know twink is a famous director? google "twink videos" for more info
Night is turned off then,  or?
'Cause the curse gift is night only.
Dratini cave at the bottom right?
Would you humor me and go find out what the HP UP gift is at the end?
where did spoiler log take you?
It's the guy sitting near-ish the Snorlax exit.
"We kill Red" This ain't Pokemon Special/Adventures
Ooo a redemption? I hope its all sanity!
This is my first stream btw, I literally just started following on twitch like 5 minutes ago. XD
Been loving your content on youtube though.
I see I'm right on time!
My biggest thing with the twitch stuff tho is people acting like youtube will save everything
Have they not seen what youtube has done to people for years lol
Even rn monetization is bad for youtube because they just age restrict random shit rn
Summoning salt just got hit on his fucking megaman 2 video
I was gonna do RF but I've just been playing arknights
This is a great way to spend a sick day! :)
Kappa nice hammer you have there
I appreciate about 90% of you
Looking forward to see how you play this seed raysLurk
Why does my man just rob you
Can you choose item locations when making a redeemed seed?
Is kent c a one time pay in rando?
Ok. Cuz if I could pick an item location, I'd put the star stone frozen in ice. :P
they seem lovely and unban worthy
I dont know what to say I'm honored
this is why buff00n is the 10%
I'm home cuz I fucked up my back somehow somewhere
there goes most of my mod fun
the traps are peak comedy in my mind
Trap setting, Time Waster: Lightning covers Mario in soot, wasting a few seconds
I can't tell if that's real or not
I always forget to ask, what's with the toad and key above the tracker?
those tell you what is randomized
ohhhh that's actually a really cool way of showing it
Whackow bleeds Honey Syrup. What a wonderful life.
Do you have to mark those yourself?
I thought you did those setting tracker characters manually, where is the setting for that on the tracker?
sorry I'm at work but I had to ask about that bc I will absolutely use them
you don't want the stone cap?
Isn't stone cap just a repel gel but mario gets his turn skipped?
who tf uses Stone Cap on Bowser
If you're using a stone cap in final bowser I think something went terribly wrong
Or you use Stone Cap to manip Bowser into using wave 5Head
thus far, this seed REALLY wants you to fight Blooper w/o a partner
I still have to use a map for the forest
having a map for the forest is so nice lmao
those traps get me every time!
mostly cuz I can never remamber  where the 1st alt path is
I'd say it's up to you tbh
remember when watt was in your hands and then transformed into a bomb
I'm just curious to see how you play this seed in general
at least you dont have to worry about 360 bombette
L does something in this game?
I don't think I've ever seen you sucessfully do that trick in any of the videos ive watched.
I imagine it is a very hard trick
should remove that chest from the rando pool
watch it give you a dried shroom
Is bombette the only useless one for this fight? or are there others too?
Bombette is shittalking mario in his ear rn
Is gear shuffle on for this seed?
ok, so just the two with no arial attack
That's why you're even able to fight this Blooper YEP
Do it again this was fun
I can't believe there's a time where goombario is more useful than bombette or kooper
Just going to say this now that you've finished the fight: you had Sleep Stomp
The only thing in this seed that makes that fight not impossible and you just skipped it anyway YEP
I love that animation with stinky herb
goompapa drop his weed oh no
goombario was just looking at mario like "you werent supposed to see that"
Don't worry, I cheat chapter 1 too :)
well time to head home, hope the seed cooperates with you!
Is the second item check in that shop ever in logic?
and yes that is what I was referring to
oh god people can force you to play seeds with koot in them
I mean it's /technically/ in logic for Star Pieces but that's it
Is that mario dropping coins and exp for running?
Icebound should make a new trap that just forces out goombario and he says "lol"
yes. the exp is so that you lose less coins since they are really imprtant for rando
but watt might look filler than bombette
how could you not care about goombario
you can now learn about all the characters
can't wait for the Halloween [specil]
oh damn Halloween actually coming early
Taco you down to run Saturn Bomberman with me?
Cocnut in goomba village and goomnut on yoshi island
I'll speedrun a game with you if you speedrun with me tacogu1Hmm
oh god too many cowboys @RuneRavenFP
nope, I'm not spending anything for 3 years
Are the toads colors also randomized?
what kinda bhs method is this
I did this once never again
It's a good thing you don't have to do it at all :)
how did this glitch even get discovered... ?
probably people searching for an easier bhs method
what does a Super Mario Gold coin equate to in US$? How much would a Red Coin be? What about a Blue Coin?
Hmmm... I wonder where the bucket could be.
well red coin is twice whatever a gold coin is worth and blue is five times as much as a gold @ohrocks
And we're getting a Goomba King fight too. PogChamp
cant you just switch the 2 L button ?
that would mess with his muscle memory
You did see what was in logic, right?
Not early Toybox but Gusty Gulch gap skip
So more checks in 3 than you think
start jumping into that corner bucko
Wanna become famous? Buy viewers, followers and primes on mountviewers. com
this almost reminds me of that randomizer that you basically did all the checks haha
Didn't we see storeroom key somewhere?
I was surprised to see you resort to Blooper/GK so early
or whatever was in those trees
Even without gap skip, Boo's Portrait is like 8 checks with coinsanity
save stanley! He owes me 5 coins!
One more thing, I won't say what or where (yet) but there's something you've missed somewhere you've already been
I guess I must've gotten lucky first time I did gap skip I got it
This looks like a fun seed
Did I get you all some quality content today? :)
you probably got phantom some quality frustration lol
I've done it a few times
what do the 3 icons mean above the tracker?
so it stores a jump or something so you can jump twice?
It's a rhythm trick and that's my shit
It stores the loading zone so you can go through it from a different location
you technically don't need to be perfect with the movement inputs but it's significantly faster and cuts how many jumps you need to do
Mario be like "I was JUST LEAVING!"
I saw in the tricks list that possible with laki
Hammer Throw is handy for ceiling enemies. Why not keep it?
do I have a picture for you m4
this is the best picture I've ever seen
It's the first split image on my rune factory splits
can someone randomizes the baby yoshi cries to be the atk fx c hammer noise?
I see you also have goombario marked
Sleep Stomp was a thing to be fair
He's ready to do the rac fight on crystal king
do you have any good badges?
It's the oldest trick in the book
I recommend Parakarry against Crystal King
So why does that skip only work on rando?
there is just no reason to ever do it
I won't spoil it until you're out of new areas to go but you did miss something important
cause you can skip this entirely
how did I end up an entire fight behind when I just loaded your stream
Twitch just being uber sus today
I'm telling you guys twitch is a very good site with no issues at all :)
I'm gonna hope livesplit doesn't crash today
After you get through 1, I'll tell you where you missed something
I was wondering about power plus but I didn't want to backseat
Hey @Phantom5800 feeling fine is good for bowser
taco you forgot to highlight to guarantee he sees it
I think you used 2, yeah
I show up and you instantly get zapped
I think theoretically this seed /could/ be fast if you play optimally but is very difficult
What does Parakarry unlock for you rn?
As promised, I would recommend doing a second sweep of the desert. You missed something important.
Probably a coin block you forgot about
All of these colors are great! :3
I am a fan of this bombette color tho
Imagine how cool a pink bombette would look Kappa
this input bug is the running joke of the series
man I know this pain too well
trying to set up for lttpr bonks is just as bad
now I get to try and remember SOTN rando logic
It's not too bad, just a lot of distance between individual checks
Don't do his favors unless needed.
so how about that chapter 4
coinsanity is one hell of a drug
I am so sorry you missed Bow the first time you went to desert
I'm doing terrible today because today my auntie died
Meanwhile when I played this seed, I forgot I had Artifact until later YEP
You missed one, don't remember if it was important
has merlons attic been checked yet?
All 3 ways into the Ruins in 4 YEP
Aren't you going to pick up the Dictionary? Kappa
so how does the logic work with badge blocks?
so if something different comes out, its a trap
I'm here!! how's the run going? hello everyone.
You're welcome for the free content :)
Didn't you see the Pyramid Stone?
I'm back, traffic was not bad at all surprisingly
this looks much better than earlier
what was it? I saw sushi in the record chest which was a big oof
bow was in a block he missed in the desert
whats the trap likelihood for this seed?
oh is rip not in logic?
Surprised you didn't cheat 1 while you were over there
coinsanity seems way more likely to have a missed check here or there compared to race seeds
Oh, Phantom, any clue who won the agdq submission race?
M4 by like 30 minutes NiceSoftlock
thought that was real for a sec
Would absolutely love to see PM64 rando content at a main GDQ, the race would be so sick
I'm off to a tournament, gl with the rest of the seed! Might pop back in later but I'll at least watch the VOD
Is bow skip to get into chapter 4? or?
I think it would be awesome to see in agdq
Is time a big factor for GDQ when it comes to something like this or because its not a basic any%
ahhhhh yes, I was worried about that with their recent event
It sounds like they are starting to run it as a business instead of a charity org
It's not like phantom is gonna show up for the rando race and just violate every rule
Yeah exactly, I havent watched jcog at all, but mx4 seems chill as well
Bayleaf's rando was the first PM64 rando I got into, but exactly like what you said, I've never seen him in any of the PM64 rando stuff since
and I didnt really care for how he he did, although I think he explained things well
I have not watched either of them yet. Cuz I only found out PMR was a thing about a week ago. XD
1st paper mario rando I seen was from fatguy
I was very excited when I found out!
and you've done it well for a while so consistently, its kind of annoying that they havent sent it through yet
I thought you were just making stuff up
I havent seen the most recent one then
that sounds like a playthrough, not a speedrun
thats annoying, only 4 stars too? gross
Its fine, GDQ can miss out on the top tier content, more for us phanto274Gold
I bet not one gdq has had a ch6 gk fight
for sure, out of logic checks add so much flavor
not to change the subject but, I had a huge salad for dindin tonight. and I'm still hungry. ugh.
but phantom this salad was huge
but this salad was HUGE! Like, I should be full.
was it bigger than your head?
was probably about the size of my head honestly.
kris do you have a big, average, or small head?
curry is icky. and I have no idea honestly. I'd say average. lmao.
yay! I hope yall get it in!
I know I shouldn't, but I have hot pockets in the freezer.........
pro life tip: dont have shildren lol
my child is not aloud to shill
I've told myself numerous times, I'm 30, if I don't have kids by the time I'm 35, I'm just not having kids. lol
Nice! mine is 1 month phanto274Smile
@iAmKrisXx See, that's wher I was headed with my mentality but here we are LUL
yeah. didn't find out until like 4 months after the kid was born. lol. you live and you learn.
@iAmKrisXx This. My favorite phrase this year has been "par for the course"
man a whole year thinking you have a child
lol smallzz. and yeah. it was an interesting couple years for sure. because I had to deal with legal issues for a while after.
so phantom if I redeemed a rando seed and it was an all settings seed you would do it?
It does for sure. whenever I redeem my points for a rando, I'll make sure I don't put your through coinsanity.
@iAmKrisXx Oh yeah that sounds like the worst part of that, you dont get to mentally recover for a while
speaking of points to give a rando seed
so who is saving up for that 69m goal?
I've been contemplating just keeping my points. just banking them.
yooo that star piece unlocks stone cap Kappa
What are the chances the palace key is behind the 2nd tubba key?
blooper no partner was nuts, and then record skip bc controller and lzs is gross
@WEEGEE666 dont call me out like that
jump action command is hard sometimes bc I'm bad LUL
sent it to the discord yum
I still remember getting a mega rush +3 power lift 8 jump on magnus 2 lol
It did exactly 70 damage, which is his health cap
Is there an any% glitched category?
how many power rushes you gotta get?
I'm here regardless of what you're playing cuz I like your content, mate
If I cant be here for the whole stream, I would definitely watch it on YT for sure
only 6? it took me 15 to beat shadow queen
I did 1 power rush and mega rush for shadow queen
I'm so glad you throw your streams on YT, I think ive seen everything up to 4 months ago lol
cmon we all know you want to do palace skip Kappa
that NSFE run was so cursed
oh yeah, you were telling me about palace skip
when I was doing that dumbass 8 key section
well damn. I missed it. sorry for backseating.
you forgot to pick up that slow go think you should back and get it
oh yeah, for the run how do you get the extra power rushes? I know you can farm in pianta parlor and steal with ms mowz from some enemies
I think slowgo would really help this run
you could break that with super boots cant you
ah, so sell the garbage badges, buy the good ones
what's the rng on that one?
I find it interesting that this area isnt loaded unless you unlock the building
I got lucky with mega rush on my casual playthrough. got it just before 7
and of course, there's the chance to cap
I had a gd 4 cap on shadow queen, and I died cause I had no more life shrooms and vivian just couldn't get the damage
ttyd having technically infinite of each badge was a strange choice
there's only one mega rush, I believe
I mean, you don't need to do the trouble board stuff just to get in at least. you only need to trouble board to play the mini games
oh boy time to tap a for movement
I think a great description I heard of ttyd was that it has really high highs and really low lows
715, and I'm already, ready for bed. jeebus.
chapter 4 backtracking, chapter 7s go to all chapters and talk to people, stuff like that
Is anyone working on a randomizer like PM64 for TTYD?
I remember you saying it has a loading zone rando
I wanna try the rando for twilight princess
loading zone rando would be great!
I don't see the point of a non key item rando
thats fair, logic takes a lot of building
doesnt loading zone rando take a lot of logic too though?
little did the enemy realize, they sealed their own fate
also too many event flags to make key rando work
I feel like thats the best part of a rando though, you get to play chapters in different orders with different difficulties
need to make it a open world state and that still not enough I dont think most people want everything open
can you imagine pit of 100 trials being randomized?
maybe you could do it like rip cheeto where only a certain number of them are randomized
all remaining checks are in ch7?
I wonder if switch pm64 still crashes on a watt game over
@phantom5800 I see I'm at the end of the stream but good luck anyways! songof8Hype
one of these days I'll be able to see the end of a Phantom5800 stream
okay good I need to gain more points so I can request you run outbound ghost songof8Heart
It has a built in randomizer
I have no idea what it is
your paper mario randomizers are so fun to watch and any more paper content is a win in my book
wait is that the kickstater game?
I TRIED THE FIRST 10 MINUTES OF IT BUT COULDNT GET INTO IT
oh shit think I know what it is was gonna pick it up
black ice king skin looks nice
If you're phantom5800 why are your emotes phanto274 phanto274Thonk
I feel blessed in my prefix being 'know15'
yea mine is songofsoil8 like why not 69 ccneveHyperDab
maybe there's already 273 other phantos
said it before; if you're gonna fill in for a game/genre we don't get anymore, you HAVE to be on your A game. You can't be an "okay" game.
see, "A Step from Eden" and "Bug Fables"
I should really try bug fables
@buff00n A step from eden was chill but same, couldnt get into it
speaking of A step from eden did you see that other new MMBN inspired game? I think it's called grid force?
I'm a sucker for indies, I enjoy seeing passion projects. I hear Dunkey the YouTube is making his own publishing company for indies...
the main thing keeping me from Step from Eden was the graphics
I was NOT a fan of the sprite-work
@buff00n thats not petty, one of the main sources of information your brain takes in is visual so if you're not visually pleased you won't get the dopamine
damn anti guy just get murdered with the right setup
when a game's identity is "we're based off a game you love" I'm gonna be biased as Hell and compare it to the game I love the entire run-through
that a shitty ultra hammer location
@PhantomGamesBot's talking about Battle Beaver. Obviously.
I like the turnaround you did for that 1 exp
checked chapter 7's toad house yet?
I watched Taco(?) play Bug Fables, and thought numerous times "This is why Paper Mario did or didn't do this or that" about a LOT of things
Does Shovel Knight counts as indie?
Shovel Knight did a lot right while crafting its own identity. And that's just the base game.
what item was on the bookshelf you need parakarry for?
I dont think you miss anything
Is there a log I could check for you?
did u hit the tree after u beat chapter 2
@buff00n I know a guy who has a channel point redemption making fun of him for backing the game
what about marlow house the tree beside it
@Garioairio I backed $20 and felt grifted. So I can only imagine how people who supported above that felt compared to me.
Is there a item in the coin block above the ring of item?
the one of the left above it
marioman are you still here with any pearls of wisdom?
probably some random check u miss
there was an item box in the volcano you didn't open last visit
do you thik you got all the coin checks in jungle?
the underwater ones do though right?
marioman said u miss something early on
maybe a coin block in the desert
ask his sister where is it :d
You're also missing blue key too which is weird.
This key real good at hide and seek
does this rando not make a spoiler log to check?
I know the blue key doesn't matter for progression, but imagine if tubba key is behind blue key.
I'll check it and can give you hints
wait I dont think u did
Dang. Time to be a heart breaker
mhm mhm yes could you please translate that
I think this is the longest time ive seen you get in a while
Any other plans for tonight or is this it?
That's fair, the start for this seed really ate a lot of time
Yeah that does seem like it would be kinda hard to add logic to it
hey phantom any chance you can lower the points redeem to 20k? I have a very "fun" seed but it expires tomorrow
okay I'll take a rain check
sois your d&d group doing any specific campaign? or is it homebrew?
Phew. I also most offered up 30k for it.
I assume its not streamed at all?
good cuz I might not be home tomorrow lol
I wonder if outbound ghost works with steam deck>
ok I dm'd you the seed
this is a very fun seed to watch cant wait for friday LUL
I could tell by the time
Oh hey, I made it back for the end of the run! I was lurking a little off and on
you missed his search for the final key
I saw some of the hunt for the key, didn't remember where it was besides that it was something easy
Honestly surprised you got the Blooper key so early
Thanks for playing my /interesting/ seed, hope it wasn't the worst thing in the world
make sure chat box is good
make sure chat box is good
make sure chat box is good
I didnt know this game existed until you went live I might avoid spoils
I got off work at 530 instead of 4pm so glad it was delayed
phantom delaying the stream just for me LUL
I'll just wait for your report :tf:
cant wait to hear you shit on a pape inspired hame LUL
@phantom5800 Excited to see you play this! songof8Hype songof8Heart
helping people cross over? sounds like bleach KEKW
battling from the right side of the screen DansGame
also if you click Right bumper you can increase the fight speed so Battles are quicker
I'd ratherr have it just open the lock lol
the puzzles is what I hate about modern paper mario
they become harder as they hide "things" I don't want to spoil anything
I'm referring to origami king fights
hoping for optimized load times on PS5
you get all health and "mama" back
I love getting my health and mama bavk
This is right up your alley, Phantom. LUL
once you get use to the timings you start getting a nice flow
did bill transform himself into a pok'mon again?
the crafting is simple it's a badge system
Hey Phantom, how are you liking this game so far? phanto274BLANKIES
mitzi still splitting after peach smh
In the bushes can you go thru the fence?
I tried so hard to get a streamer code for this!
maybe Xbox I can get lucky
for a sec I thought mitzI's dog barking was from your stream KEKW
I was like "this game looks cute" and then I saw the battle load time WutFace
what are impressions of the game?
so, future Speedrun race for you and me?
feels like pokemon with action commands
that sounds like poison, not paralysis, BN1
yeah it's a death sentence if you don't lay attention to the stacks
astitically I kinda wish the everyone didnt have the white outline, but thats whatever
the white outline is very color splashy
Does the "paper" look make sense for them being ghosts???
also your "healer" can give regret SP so you have a good amount of sp each battle once you get a strar
dang this game is so on brand for you gerbieRip
the difficulty settings actually have custom settings if you press start after this battle
It goes from 0% to 500%
the Dev wanted accessibility for anyone (kids, handicap, non gamers etc etc)
also something they don't explain you kinda just have to notice it, when you are at a save point you can respawn enemies by pressing start in the save menu
ooo. a new game. nice! how is it so far? also, hello phantom and chat. (:
phantom, withs the Outbound nuzlocke? Kappa
when did the bot pick you "yknow"?
yeah now you have to go to a campfire and respawn him
I love how if the insta stun works you just kmow the enemies is doomed
also another weird thing if you pause while an enemy is chasing you they stop chasing you like you're in a bush and even if they run into while paused a fight doesn't start... it's really weird
Ive been reading the manga so its been on my mind, I'm on the bankai training part
@axl_sensei enjoy the journey its amazing
I read it when it was seralized and I was in a fansub group that worked on the anime. I'm just refreshing before the new arc starts up next month
@axl_sensei the trailers have been phenomenal so I hope it's not just hype which I doubt it will be I'm sure it'll be a 10/10
Its got 4 cours, meaning every 12 or so episodes it'll take a break, so I'm not worried there
that's good to hear I rather them focus on quality
ooh, didn't realize this game was out
well I think it's 1 Dev as well his name is conrad
yo phantom can I get a word max 8 letters
this game is super off brand for you
never thought you'd play the paper mario ghost game that's crazy
I wanna play this so I'm not gonna stay too long but have fun
I return with a chicken sammich
mind if I tell you something that might interest you but is a minor spoiler (you already passed it)
you just need to find the key which is a little earlier and in that cave is a new figment
also you can cast posion multiple times and it stacks just how enemies do to you
he's out there living his dreams
In my Playthrough they all turned into my healer and the battle went on forever songof8LOL
put call as your first figment so you can cast shield on regret so he doesn't get bonked on the first attack lol
otherwise the glass is shattering lol
Doesn't have to be a door.
surely this could never be a bad thing phanto274Smile
This sounds like a job for someone with 2 lockpicks on hand
Rip I'm late. How is it so far?
also the choices of what badge books always made me want to see what was in the next book
I'm liking the music thus far
hwy is digging so aiddcting just looking for next pile "I got me shovel!"
And you can constantly dash to go faster? Bless
you'll miss figs if you don't
hey. stranger. I don't care about you. now help me out, okay?
In the speedrunning community we've already found many many OoBs but they are all worthless. The Dev added 120+ flags that need to be ticked to complete the gsme they are tied into the cutscenes and certain bosses so if you skip anything it does tick up 1 so the next cutscene or boss won't be available locking you out of breaking the sequence :(
oh shit, I thought that was a copy pasta KEKW
figments don't level up at all
Phantom himself levels up so they all share levels
this allows for experimentation without needing to waste time grinding
I won't be speedrunning this game but I will give a randomizer run a go
It's not normal to have a giant penis on the wall?
I hope the bot learns from me
It is Normal if you make it normal.
the music fits that "temptation" you're feelin'
We put 'em 6 ft under. And this damn thing's STILL towering over the grave!
You've definitely found your flow and you've pretty much got the combat down to a T
I just saw the greatest emote ever
I like that you can move while the door was opening
mitzi is skipping all her splits cause she reset on the water stone split OMEGALUL
I hate when they lock the player's movement lol
I've heard of this but haven't played it. Is it good?
I tried 3 games on steam and none of them would run so I just gave up on the platform
time to play a game of valorant then I'm practicing some more PM64 race seeds phanto274Gold
Phantom, you gotta kick my daughter's ass
Thanks for the MASSIVE detour, gramps
"Come by the tavern" This dude's speaking my language!
this area's music is a bop
just got home gald I got to catch the stream before it was over
so its prob 20 can right now
so weird to see a phantom play a game about ghosts
I've done a TON of exploring in this game
I like the rpg customizability of the combat style
the aether up system is dope
I have "head start" x2 on the blue guy for max dps at the start of a battle haha
the book system is really cool for varied playthroughs
yeah I'm excited to check that out once I finish my first playthrough
I'll play to unlock all the steam achievements
the starting every fight at max stats is such a good quality of life feature imo
I don't think I've skipped any fights tbh
the dash to "first strike" is really cool
they updated a lot of the OOB issues today
The one thing I don't care for are the abrupt loading zone transitions (needs signage)
yeah that gets a little goofy
I do like that there isn't a 20min prologue LUL
I'll not hear such libel in this chatroom
I think that middle one was called trust
I was confused at first when this happened lol
"He's gone." Yeah, cuz you just let 'em LEAVE
what is it with old men in RPGs needing the main character to do favors/quests for them
Frank: I receive (my loved ones)
will have to dip soon (to avoid spoilers) you're almost to where I'm at haha
hopefully btiger doesn't give you the marioman treatment
lurking/farming channel points, going out for mexican with family, then my neices haunted house. Why does it have to be mexican axlsenWut
you free to do whatever u want but no lzs
black tigerr, toss me the seed?
I want to play this now
I really really want to play this
Is this a viewer submitted seed?
Isn't there more than 4 checks in toad town hammerless?
I hate first striking the moles
Imagine if you could get infinite volcano vases
no fucking way that just happened
mobile won't let me clip it :(
they do not even run,they just hide LOL
I think that was more than 5
at least this is not dark star,where power bounce is super nerfed
ch5 mole start and it's still less frustrating than blooper start
you could of got inf fright jars from that vine btw
yeah you can expect a lot of pain in your future to make up for that little trick
lmao I love bombing all 3 blocks just to get trap
who made you do hammerless lol
what do you mean, did you actually find 4 seeds in under 10 minutes
@Icebound777 it was under 3 mins
I dont recall coding a plando feature yet
If a plando ever come out you know I'm making 1 for you
Its getting worse by the minute
how many seeds did you have to roll to get this gem lmfaoooo
Inb4 lakilester and the seed is saved
@Starry_Arie roll 2 the 1st 1 I didnt play forgot to put hammer and boots anywhere
laki at 60 stars coming up
I see the run is off to a great start LUL
ayo blacktiger, since you apparently coded a plando feature, we're accepting pull requests for adding that
haha I wish I knew how to code
1 fp shell shot and 3 fp power bomb... it's not so bad after all COPIUM
Imagine if you get power rush and it's 7
should prob tell you traps on highest setting
maybe the super hammer chest in the ruins will give you the normal hammer
you would kinda get softlocked if you did not get the hammer
what if it is like 8BP
hammer behind the hammer, boots behind the boots...
how do you do that?is that a setting?
otherwise you'd be stuck in there and have to homeward out SadgeCry
this is great I know where everything is
I did not, no clue what that was just now
Is whacka random every time,or not?
Whacka drops multiple high strength items
You can get 8 Ultrashrooms from him
can I get 8 power plus Kappa
It only works for automatic spawns, not ones that spawn via special coding, like whacka
there are 3 power plus,but 1 of them is unused
It would be 18 BP,so yeah
Is that panel sanity I see?
fun times. I'm still learning panel locations
I didn't know quizmo had 64 quizzes until I decided to get all the star pieces
@weegee666 I do not blame you,there are 96 after all
I think 64 is 4 times too many
was watching your vod with the weight at 50 reward, damn that was rough
whacka bumps LOL,they are unlimited now,and they sell for lot
most whacka recipes sell for a lot, I think
I think 64 is 4 times too few. when's adding 192 questions so that we have a beautiful 256?
With that many question you could set up an entire pape mod that's just a quiz show
@starry_arie do not give them ideas
@Icebound777 that could be fun lol
those are 3 good items LOL
so what will you do for rando 100?
bring back the random pitch lol
rando 100 will be my koot rando with laki on final favor
well, you'll hopefully get to flip panels
Imagine if glitches are part of the logic in this
I wanted that hammer to be fake so bad when I was playing this
at least no double dipping volcano
I wonder what the ruins chest will have them
Imagine if it is slow go
I'm trying to decipiher that message, bot, but I got nothing
If I submit a seed can I make a rule that you have to equip slow go if and when you find it
It's bot, one does not simply decipher the messages
haven't seen that one before, cool
you do not open the door tough
what angle you hold for this?
what,that door did not close LOL
I always try to do it but can never hit the door up top
dang this "trap" setting has gotten really out of control
how bad did you make the traps, @blacktiger51 ?
first striking those fools with the mustache
that would almost be as bad as oot skullsanity
Hey, how's the seed going? :)
less than an hr late. LETS GO!!
The questions are not in vanilla order, there's custom questions added to the pool, and the answers are reordered randomly on question load
discovered like... less than a year ago or something
what are even the odds of that LOL
I cleared my first chapter today in like, 94 minutes. It was gross
It's his seed! he's needs a sub! (:
merlow just becomes a highway robber with his rewards
The update yesterday that lets you toggle the merlow amount is really nice
30 is way better than 60
now imagine if someone did a seed with the quadruple pain setting for enemy damage
2 BP Mega Quake ain't good? Shame.
what partner did you start with?
who cursed you then, if you started parakerry?
Is there anything of useful to use star pieces?
just be gald u have a partner
I mean, goombario is a good partner Kappa
what if the playroom gave you a random amount of coins?
Now you can beat 5 YEP
It could give you 999 coins
check kolorado,you have the volcano vase
just can't have nice things with these traps
also almost halfway to another redeem Kappa
Its gonna be another pape rando
crystal is crazy to watch, just obliterating everything with one pokemon
I've had an interesting past 24 hours monadoFine
Side note: I'm getting Chinese food tonight. : D
Oh, you mean like what specifically.
Uh.. Chicken balls, General Tao chicken, BBQ curry pork, and steamed white rice.
Like you getting kung pao, or beef and broccoli, pecking duck? Etc
So, I'm in Uruguay right now
I have a simple taste palette. I'm not big on the mixed foods.
traps are set to plenty,i imagine
It was 2 flights, first was a 5 hours, uneventful
It planted the seeds of destruction.
may I ask why you're in Uruguay?
In front of us there was like a family of like 9
Cheer100 I heard there was an update for twitch were bits are going away so time to get rid of them. Howdy Phantom phanto274BLANKIES
I love the way Bryan says blankies LUL
one thing I don't like in ttyd is that you can die from hazards and it won't use your life shrooms
@iamkrisxx originally for a wedding of one of my cousins, but the wedding was called off 3 days before we left, so now it's just to see family
I was watching a streamer earlier and they were saying bits are being replaced
I died more to hazards than to combat in my last playthrough
@allegrenix oh nice! well have tons of fun!
uea, he had a tip thing instead of bits
I like bits better than just donating a dollar amount
which the emotes are not going away according to what I was hearing earlier
So family of 9, five kids and four adults
If they just had dollar amounts they just had to manually type out the cheer in chat
All in the rows in front of us
Kids were age ranged between like 6 and 9?
Oh. So they simplified it for no reason?
exactly, thats what evveryone was talking about
They were climbing over the seats, jumping in the and being rambunctious over all
Oh. So you can't "add funds" to your twitch anymore. I see..
Why would they go backwards like that though????
It's not on mine yet, tho I do have the lower payout threshold
Run through the aisle, climbing under the seats too
Ah yes. I remember being six months old and climbing under theatre seats.
lets go another canadian I am not alone
@blacktiger51 I'm close to Canada, does that count? xd
"Thanks for restoring my voice! Pull the trigger."
@iAmKrisXx Is there a Tim Hortons near you? If not, then no, it doesn't count.
@iAmKrisXx I'm close to the us does that count?
We used to actually a Tim Hortons. but I will admit it has not flourished here like it does up north.
Also, I'm proud of you for turning on panel sanity.
So about 40 minutes before we land I feel suspicious gurgling going on in my lower intestines and I start to cramp
@blacktiger51 it actually was very good. I'm kinda sad it's gone now.
but you guys get 5 guys and in and out
I can't tell if I need to fart or poop, and I don't know if sorry for the tmi, but if I'll be constipated or have diarrhea
I have 5 guys over here lol
I have five guys over here and I'm not talking about the food place.
In and out is what west side
I have a 5 guys here. no in and out though. that's a west coast thing isn't it?
But whatever is going is making it's way downtown
@blacktiger51 yeah, in alberta we have a few locations
I've always thought about visiting Winnipeg. I'm only a few hrs from.
So fasten seat belt sign is on
I can't help myself. I'm sorry. ;_;
I just want to try it the food looks good
tbf, the price is the primary reason I don't care for 5 Guys
I would gladly pay 20 bucks to try it once
5 guys, you you need to give an arm and a leg for a meal
So plane is descending, so is whatever is going on down there and then we land and it was a hard landing
first you find him in hammer throw, then he tries to kill you
one of these days, I will make you a rando seed phantom.
but mega bag of fries tho
that's how I feel when I get watt too
Asking them to double cook your fries is dope tho
I get very very faint and like I'm about to pass out
I think I forgot to say glgl btw
Tell me more of this secret menu.
why tf I gotta know a secret menu
If you know you can ask,is it still a secret?
y'all want my money or not
My sister is freaking out for good reason, my mind is swimming, I can barely respond to her
Apparently I was white and my lips went blue
that is probably bad for sales too
I couldn't take in a deep breath like my sister was telling me too
You get something that's mid, then you don't go back cuz you spent a fuckload of money on something you didn't really care for
And she kept shaking me and I couldn't tell her to stop doing that
Rando hack: Chill Out Badge negates traps
I was really out of it
Anyone else love soggy McDonalds fries?
5 guys has a secret menu????
In the fog of my mind all I could think off was 'bathroom'
I get up out of my seat
And then fall flat in the aisle
I never heard about 5 guys.I guess it just is not a thing in Brazil
traps must be turned up this seed. lol
@thiago_rodrigues30 I'm gonna be heading to Brazil after my trip here in Uruguay
I was 100% expecting that guy to hit you after the clips didn't work
I just checked,there is no 5 guys in Brazil
Oh, you get it to split, or as your meal for the day
I ate a whole cheesy bread and half a med pizza from dominos earlier I can do it no prob
When I woke I could feel myself getting better
I could have ate the whole pizza but I wanted to save some for tomorrow
coin blocks and super blocks are swapped?
And eventually I was half carried out of the plane, got wheelchaired to the med area and they check me out and I can feel myself getting better
I get cleared, they can see the colour returning to my face and I'm getting more responsive
you beat 1&5 so that's something
If this ghost hates light,why is he holding that light?
So I get to the airbnb which is an apartment
any tips for farming money in this game?
but I have to buy badges
Go play a different game, basically.
@garioairio cheat,use savestates in the play room
I think you have the record
I kind of died on him watt miss the stun and he 1 shot me
only chads mess and beat up Anti Guy in rando
I have not seen it either,bad RNG
what a slap in the face.
best part was knowing the whole time that was fake
Most baited trap ever, Ultra Boots
I didint know boots and hammers could be traps until this seed
at this rate with the atar pieces, you might have enough soon for mega rush.
I know before hammers and boots couldnt be traps
Itd be cool to have mispelled traps in shops like oot
I think you had the key LOL
he just wanted to show off how good he is st the game. lol
There's a bleeping panel up there????
How many pieces are you at?
I didnt grab that so I didnt know that was fake
I mixed the storeroom and the storeroom key LOL
Can't wait for you to need another ruins key
one day I'll get power plus not at 7 bp....
@sma11zz it can have a maximum of 8,though
I fail the runaway there after getting cilppy
I wonder if glitches are part of the logic in this
@Thiago_Rodrigues30 y'know thats fair, at least its not max LUL
I should go keep an eye out for my Chinese food at this point.
My front door/apartment main door is confusing.
I got the scarf fail the cilppy reset did cilppy without getting scarf and when I went to give it to the snowman I didnt have it I was like fuck
you were right about farming coins and o regret my choice
I'm buying a jp copy and transporting my file
I just hit waka until he gave me all his stuff then sell them at toad town for 64 coins each
why did I choose to do this
nintendo needs to update this game and put in a pI'ata parlor
I kind of forgot this check was here
yup and as u can see its had something
can you do inf bounces on monstar?
hey you didnt pick up the seed
I had 2 fake seeds in chapter 6 before
I didn't think I'd get this far
I found those ultra boots before touching the fake ones
what about the crystal tree check?
the fuzzies holding a hammer was great
the irony of not being able to.
how many checks you have left to check for said dirt and water?
I will never turn on koot or dojo
I have no idea how much bp this is
maybe this sewer squid will somehow drop fresh water
I did all available checks before I got bombette so I had this the whole seed
your go mode item was mine go mode item
no way it could be in... chap3? looks like it wasn't done yet?
use pulse stone for good luck
Have you checked all the Ultra Boots blocks?
maybe see if blacktiger forgot to turn off hints? lol
just got into randomizers and starting with Paper Mario! I am so excited and thank you for your item tracker!
Kappa do u want a hint?
the panel that is close to the king goomba
I forgot to hit it as well
I enter that room and said to myself hit the penal and I didnt hit it
I wonder what mode Bowser castle is in
I bet it's in go mode
this the 1st seed I didnt use I spy
Has.. had Mario always looked like that this seed?
I always forget about the chapter 6 penal near where u use the water stone
we did not get any bowser castle keys,so it probably is in boss rush mode
I dunno how you do this so dang fast PrideLaugh
I'm nearing 40 and I'm still at around 5 hours LOL
that's my problem. I need to understand how logic works more
yeah, I need to do that more then
you mostly got this seed due to bombette location and the fuzzies was just to good
like if I get "item A -> then this opens and it's telling you to go here" instead of like checking everything, ya know?
I hope the next gross seed I fine is way worst
oh definitely. I mean just like what I need for each part for each sphere, like understanding what's important. But of course, there are the item outliers too where you're just like, what?
oh yeah, the ending fights are easy honestly now lol
I basically just run on 10hp for the rando now so I can use mega rush here
JCog's current modification makes for a brutal ch8 though
Idk how I feel about 4 ss races
True, @icebound777. But a good change from this
starting at level 3 could help
mx_four also had the idea of giving hp+ and fp+ badges with guaranteed sub-3 bp on seed start when doing 4 chapters only
Stating 3/4, and also the difficulty of the however many chapters you need to do aren't 1-4 scaled or else rip
I mean, if we want lower race finish times we won't get around lowering spirits needed
finally decoupling progressive from capped xp, then scaling ch8 could also work
But also you or someone similarly skilled sub 2ing still may mean others are 3-4+ hours at least initially.
Yeah, I'm collecting ideas on that topic currently
God sub 2 would be wild
mx_four also mentioned an option for disabling bowser heals could help there
@Icebound777 you could skip the fight with the star and peach that will save some time
I have to go,my battery is dying.Bye
I mean, Kammy is a glorified cutscene, tiger
But even with literally no cutscenes the gain is not comparable to less chapters
Does Zootr start with a few key items?
just let me gen the seeds for the races Kappa
zootr don't do all dungeons, some open world settings turned on, and a strong hint system
and they still run 2:30 at times
They do have a baller hint system.
I really want to try a ww rando
pape is 2 small of a world to need hints
Area hints are bonkers though. Imagine if you found a hint in pape that's like "the desert is all junk"
what if pape hints said "there are 6 progression items in ch 3?
maybe it would be more important if the cards were also randomized
One advantage zelda has is ways of warping around more deeply into an area. Imagine a warp item that plops you down infront of crystal palace
If it like zelda the hints is like this area is a foolish choice but that doesnt mean the dudgeon is useless
add items to the pool to warp you to locations hand-picked by the community
@Icebound777 a pipe from shiver city to crystal palace and a pipe from dry dry ruins to dry dry outpost would make me so much more likely to play randomizer lol
I was playing with the idea of a warp whistle item where you can warp to a dungeon entrance of your choice if you've been there before
I like the idea of unlocking the warp in some way
But clover would probably strangle me lol
oh I was thinking of that weavile, but just use shrooms that act as songs from OoT
z3 you unlock all warps by getting the flute
I mean, z3 is probably less comparable to pape than oot is
do I have time to refill before you start?
oh I didn't realize you could load a GBI from TTYD
I don't get the cool screen like yours though 3:
Where your gba connected to the gcn controller port lol
I use my steam controller for crystal
I haven't gotten my wii u to work with gambatte yet
you can go to options before going to new game
what are you playing, normal extreme?
let's hope it's not a bird
just get squirtbottle and you have a free lv 20
Master Ball on route 1 OMEGALUL
I didn't actually understand PKMN mechanics until Gen 4
that's because they were bad until gen 4
tbf, Special was busted as HELL
Umbreon's up HELLA early in the day
but its only stats are def and sdef keizaW
good. because we don't want HM06
I am NOT a fan of the dark caves in Gen 2
I just woke up...to you catching an Ekans eith a master ball. wtf
too bad it didn't roar turn 1
roar turn 1 you could've tried kenya and eevee
not as nice as a lv 20, but it's also an ekans
I fell asleep at like 6ish. now I'm gonna be awake all night. fuck.
It'll be fine, kris. it's a weekend keizaW
I forgot it was the weekend. shoot me.
I had my alarm set for 430 tomorrow.
I have woken up and brought bad luck to the stream. l0l
not like it's a spin panel
I really want a pop now.
but don't want to drive to the gas station for one. ugh.
eh, cut isn't terrible to skip
I am over 40k points now. I'm pretty proud of myself.
I don't know the optimal way to dodge that guy
I was like 7 items off.
and you can't lie and say you didn't catch it with a master ball. I saw that shit.
easy return with kenya and red scale
ugh. it's still raining. been raining all day.
I like the rain too, when I'm working. because I work outside for a living. so when it rains we all just go hide in our job trailer. lmfao.
Uses milk drink to be a champ
'Is this even rando' metapod used earthquake!
another convert to the no-dex crew
ok. I was right. don't know why I doubted myself
the guy that lives next to the center
I return w/ Chicken Tacos and Horchata
yeah, repel because it's lv 40
nah, I missed the last one
sabrina prob wont have anything right
this bum of a Sailor only gave you 58cents for winning
can't be r44, blackthorn, misty, r1-4, viridian, pewter, mt moon, cinnabar
or r45, I missed that one
there's also the logical requirement that you can't double-dip boat
but one boat can be in logic
but there's so many items in there keizaMood
I think you can only get mortar basement and ladders
23 is correct. there's also lv 23 voltorb on this floor
you have to do 1 wild fight here if you have hidden items enabled
might be fun to do hidden items together some time
yo, I would love to do a co-op race 2v2
maybe. idk how good halq is these days
that's what I was meant for.
always need more revive strat friends
???? What are you doing here?
this guy is automatic, you just have to remember he's there
I always forget to go on the first frame and just wait for the first cycle
without spoiling, how was the seed?
only useful if jasmine is nice
crunch/surf is perfect coverage I think
worth if he gives clear bell and rwing
was playing some super metroid, learning some tricks beyond mock ball
there's some crazy tricks in that game
so what's our main goal for finding?
and 2/3 of squirtbottle, ss ticket, pass
technically could be just pass, but not likely
and what are we currently after
In this mode could be just pass anyway
don't want to deal with her whining?
how do you think your snake would've fared?
Hooh is even worse than Miltank lol
route is free if you hold down from the gatehouse
not the left side of the route, straight down the middle
look how well you did, kris keizaHope
I found it hilarious honestly. xD
yeah! idk about you phantom, but I did great.
oh, going north you want to hold the right fence
missed it, what did he give?
where did you not go yet?
could be anything except XCard and Lost Item now
Now I'm not completely useless! LETS GO!!!
you just wanted to talk to janine, didn't you
ah, probably better to boost surf
hell yeah you can! because I can dig!!
and no I did not use a gameshark
this level is taking so many lives keizaDeer
I missed the last shot keizaThump
chuckie is going to have something for sure keizaShrug
been hanging out with Bugsy and Brock lately keizaW
keizaLUL chuck's wife making fun of you
well, there's a bunch in VR
Mortar and VR are the only things for waterfall, right?
backwards whirl, but that's not in logic and also dumb
I don't mind going to whirl
I also like when glacierbadge is last, but if I have to do it, it's fine
I actually bet CKey is in VR
If I have to guess RCard, Erika has it keizaW
rules: get all 16 badges, all 3 PGear parts, and 2/3 Squirtbottle, SS Ticket, Pass. Beat Red in Mt. Silver.
what PokeGear parts do you need?
my friends in high school had a joke that I was a robot keizaBot
LET'S KEEP SPAMMING SAND-ATTACK DESPITE MIST PREVENTING THE EFFECT
Ah, the good ol' power of doping up your Mons until nothing can stand up to them
In one class I sat next to a wall outlet. one day I plugged my phone in during class, but kept it in my pocket. my friends walked into class and declared they knew I was a robot.
clear bell will be the nicest meme keizaW
does glacierbadge mean it's in the cave
so really it's HM05 we don't want
It's 11 and I'm not asleep. I knew I shouldn't have taken that nap.
well don't leave me dead!! there was a pokecenter right there!
I remember as a kid someone told me that the gen 1 bike sprite when facing down looks like the guy has his dong out and I've never been able to unsee it
have you considered not being a cringe 4 special moves charizxard?
gonna catch a level 40 weedle at the top of the tin tower
they didn't want to stress out the kids with overdesigned puzzles
how was I supposed to solve trick room without a guide
my brain was the size of a pea
I was literally 8 years old doing that shit and I didn't get on the family PC to look up the puzzles until the regis
just never find HM05 and you're fine, right?
nah, that was only a dream
does your route involve this entrance first?
this entrance first is ingrained into the collective unconscious of humanity
because it was the one you went in for lugia
this is a gross seed now
wait, did you do VR yet?
If ho-oh was moltres then lugia has to be a natu or xatu
there's 6 checks here, 6 checks in VR
one now equals zero, according to me after midnight
the silph co president gives you a ball too but gamers didnt complain then
and that's a lot longer dungeon
sunny day was a pp up I think
"here, have a pink bow" keizaMood
head of team rocket just gave you an earthbadge
I vote sacrifice pokemonday for prime
What type of pokemon does this gym leader use?
ez I take priority over kid Kappa
don't make me get panda, ch0m
this is a crystal hack. anything is possible. even a teenager could add megas to crystal at this point
Aw hell yeah back for snorlax
It got into the honey jar
JAMMING to the gen 2 viridian forest theme
actually swimming to cinnabar island in a rando
you would rather spend 3 minute per check on gym leaders than go to victory road?
gamers can't handle the annoy/support gyarados
TM Dig. that's GO mode keizaDerp
time for some gym leader sweeps
whirlpool item is TM Solarbeam IIRC
no, the whirlpool item is included
what else is left, rival 6 and e4? keizaThump
this trainer let his sandshrew get FAT
who made this seed? ban them
blue was giovanni this whole time WAYTOODANK
that persian was just loitering around the gym after giovanni left
keizaLuck please BKey in Mt Silver keizaLuck
Mt. moon has wild "what pokemon is that" in it
pick up all the items in Mt Silver so we can have BKey keizaDerp
sub 4 till you see Red's level 81 mewtwo he used as his main for postgame activities
Idk if you saw growlithe, arcanine, entei, or houndour
Ugh now I wanna do this rando
that's where BKey should be in every seed
Phew thank god you went online I was resorting to an apex stream lol
phantom I need help I've used 60 ultras and still haven't caught regice
I like how it's always 'I overslept!'
It could be 4 am and you still overslept
let's go old man phone number
just think of how useful it would be while surfing
My birthday is looking to be great this year, I'm very excited
If you die you can't be the starter so try not to die
Ive wanted to have a motorcycle since I was really toung so this is a good starting point
what were the other 2 starters I missed the beginning?
one day you'll get a rando with good tms
pallos is way easier to type than 1ststar
that boy doesn't make sense sometimes
I should trying making people call me gario-air-ee-oh
just cause I think it's funny
just stopping by to say hi gonna raid on destiny 2 soon
ngl, I keep reading your name as Goombario
@ohrocks So I'm not the only one
I'll change it to goombario for april fools
I have everything already just helping friends for hard mode
Phantom, lets see your Lunatone and Solrock tattoo KEKW
one day I'll get bttv and ffz to be able to see el wadafa yelpana
Its too long to spam here
what happens if I get 69?
@Axl_Sensei yo did u play the seed yet?
not yet, wanted to forget what I saw, luckily all I remember is 4 seeds in a few minutes
I don't even think it's possible to get all checks sub hour
ohrocks do any% on the mobile game
wtf I dont have it for gameboy
@blacktiger51 are panels, letters, and koot missions turned on?
What about Frogger: the great quest
I've only played kh3 and 3d dream drop
Ive never done gear shuffle either
"Never played any of the KH games" Good. Best case of self-care I've heard.
save yourself from the garbage story
I grinded ultima weapon in kh3 and got stuck in tron world in dream drop
I like KH1 BUT only the PS2 version... I just don't like some of the Final Mix features
so is 200 subs your price?
Plate KH1 then tried 2 can barely get through the tutorial phanto274Shrug
you have to implement some time limit to encourage the 200 subs
by end of the day plupBully
oh 2 is the best combat but lacklustre exploration
what if I do 1 a week for 200 weeks?
although I can't defend the busted options of KH2 but man it's satisfying
"Can you handle their; H U R T ?"
200 subs and Phantom will play Kingdom Hearts 2 PC Randomizer.
what else is new? *Pallos gets poisoned*
for the uninformed, 200 subs for a KH playthrough
Yeah I was a ways away still
you should do what Brett did
200 subs is enough to cover the game cost as well as the mental despair for one day
y0. another crystal rando! LETS GO!!
buy the remaster so you can/have to play all of them but 3
Off to work, hopefully Jhawk comes in clutch so you can revive off on your main phanto274Bless
If I do it I'm picking the mobile game :)
how've you never heard of that?
grilling a big ass ribeye right now. treating myself today fo sho.
@ohrocks I hear about KH. I don't keep up with it
so like you just know which badges go to which leader?
I hope your bike is not in Kanto lol.
I wish red had a check so it could be the bike
you think just how you think sabrina did not have anything that 1 time Kappa
now you get to earthquake everthing
this run already seems like it is doing better than last night's.
after 61 balls regice has been caught and named 'Stupid'
okay so they actually have full gameplay of KH V-cast and I'm shooketh
are his eyes not the head wing things?
I don't think those are his eye?
because the feathers aren't his eyes and his eyes are on the side of his head
wait, did you think the red spots were his eyes?
I'm glad that whenever I actually played this file I named my rayquaza boris
one of those was caterpie for sure.
this is why you don't count on Pallos
made a clip of SMO crashing and titled it "Switch said play a better game" OMEGALUL
I gave up trying to spell it
this loser has 4 pkmn this early in the game
there's a trainer with 6 pikachus in kanto (i think)
now I'm full and debating a nap. but I also don't want to repeat yesterday. ugh.
but then I'll be up until 2am again.
but a nap sounds soooooooo good.
bot was "doing" a sandslash. that's what I got from that...
that's a wonderful idea @buff00n and now I will feed the dog and nap probably. l0l.
I'm tempted to @ 1star on Twitter
If you're still on in a couple hrs, I will be back. gl on the run!!
@phantom5800 Good luck, hope your day is going good
rock smash is only 1 check in this mode, I think
I'm guessing you just turned in red scale
just hold up to dodge her
you go one space to the right after passing her to line up the next guy
did the two items in mortar?
back to my own seed phanto274Lurk
just caught a level 40 zapdos
moveset is ice punch, fire blast, drill peck, surf
and I have ice beam tm if I want to upgrade when out of pp
@1ststar__ you got benched cuz you threw too much
@1ststar__ check that quote tweet I made
Thats why you pinged me on twitter buff00n lol
I saw the clip, damn I suck
lv 23 mewtwo; lv 40 G keizaThink
I put my homemade pepperoni in my pasta
just get back to the west through dark cave blindly
you saved a minute ago keizaThink
nah, that's not one-way. it's the rock smash side
radio tower is only 1 check until you have CKey
have to go 1 step right after her to set up this guy
wife is going to give CKey and you're going to be sad keizaW
not every seed can have a legendary for you to switch to
I think I said that yesterday keizaW
somebody wanna gift me 15k points because boy do I have a seed for Phantom for PM64
can I redeem it and smallz give the seed?
Oh JK I've got a month for the seed before it expires
yeah no worries, I'll get it soon enough
Honestly it's just a standard race seed but I'm either playing this awfully or the logic here is just trolling tf outta me LUL
Give Phantom a sub, then I'll... "make up" a seed that happens to resemble your seed, @sma11zz
I wont do it for the seed, but I'
I'm coming for that 2nd place spot
I'm a Gengar? That's oddly on brand
@buff00n just make a rigged prediction and throw all your extra points in, it'll be totally legit  phanto274BLANKIES Kappa
I get to be destroyed for the rest of the run LUL
smallz you'll pull out a 6 mewtwo team in victory road and destroy him
I;m going to have a machamp, 4 Jumpluff's and a dunsparce
"Pass" w/ emphasis on the "ASS"
what pokemon did you fainy before nidoking?
WHAT GEN 2 POKEMON IS EXCLUSIVE TO THIS ROUTE?
you hold down straight out of the door, then bonk on the water
Kris looks so pissed in her sprite
I know you're in the worst pokemon game
you obviously haven't played enough pokemon games if you think this game is in any way bad
I was ABOUT TO TYPE RATATA
but hyper and super gang are a sick combo
on par with the mewtwo with the 13 level lead, not with added stat exp tho
I hate that I live in a world where I have to add a level 1 togepi to my team
yo @needaname37 ty for the ty for the glgl arie
You need to listen to the shinygold romhack version of this victory road theme
oh wait you have a point
Kris is too annoyed to organize her pack
when GO! WEAVILE! popped up on screen I was very confused
and then it all made sense
Imagine actually being one of the cool trainers hanging out on victory road
how do you do that and not be depressed
but you aren't depressed you're cool
flashcels be seething at dark cave chads
my rival is such a meme today
will replace with the level 40 ho oh that's a snorlax with cruse
starter was kakuna. rival 2 had two kakuna. rival 5 had weedle, beedrill, 2 exeggcute, mewtwo
Oh! You got KEKW , excellent!
one day I'll figure out this gen
chat, is NiceSoftlock or KEKW better
just wait until we do a hidden item seed
I can't figure out how to get to mt moon or any of the towns on the left side of kanto
I fixed the power plant and grabbed the expn card and now I have to find digletts cave
If they made a baby pokemon for lickitung
huh, this WEAVILE pokemon seems pretty decent. never heard of it
moltres literally looks like a flaming rubber chicken in this game LOL
The green sprite for moltres was art
you kids just can't appreciate it
looks like it would be on some european familiie's crest
In yellow they made it actually look like moltres
lol the music cutting off any time a pokemon screeches is so jarring
your WEAVILE sure looks a lot like that MEWTWO....
I mean mewtwo does live just down the road
what the Hell is G1 sprite that's alleging to be Moltres
too bad you didn't grab that before clair
Do a map exit rando instead and force yourself to fight them all instead
red will have a level 81 marowak with the bone club and bonk you
I miss this game so much I wish I could have it again.
I just got a gameboy color from my boy I just need to find the original crystal game
was I worst than Pallos  /  1star
got your 18k steps in for the day(in pokemon)
we could do something less competitive if you prefer
get chat to help you out
map rando isn't ready for public consumption
damn 360chrism keeping the good stuff to himself
but your seeds are all poopy keizaWut
sure. if you're interested in racing, send one my way
I'm not going to go live, but I'll vc
and then phantom add the screenshare to the stream
email it to me at darkfang23@candice.nut
I don't want to change everything up for you if you weren't planning on this
You can literally teach yourself how to write your own gameboy emulator over a weekend and here u are using an ever drive.
add me on discord to race in pokemon
I wish to be redeemed as the starter.
so by default, you HAVE to name your Rival "Weavile", right?
weavile which pokemon was designed first
what if I'm not able to be smart tho... Kappa
Phantom knows me, he knows my IQ's in the lower single digits
WHAT TYPE OF POKEMON IS THAT
Offensive blissey is pog though phantom just slept on it
Does the old man have a check?
phantom is talking to the professor
humidity is evil. it lowers the diatomic oxygen in the air, and thus your brain function
Flashcels be seething at dark cave chads
pape has the coin turn ins
grinded coins in DSE yet? empero125Thamz
It's in sprout tower btw weavile
If you need to get the pokedex entry
bic drago vs. big wotah chad
we're going to have to be cringe mixnite huh
you died to Paralysis, not rollout
A scyther using rollout is terrifying. Whirling dervish of blades.
Oh look, found all 16 badges right away.
What a silly path that you get to take now.
The sudowoodo is a straight downgrade even with the level difference.
I'll take it if it means I can listen to [OMITTED]'s music
They call it pokemon crystal version because it makes you stream on Twitch for 8 hours straight.
So, what's the like.. algorithm for the nonsense that the bot says?
I'm glad PhantomGamesBot stopped channeling my "energy", for lack of a better word
get your dragonite a hair cut! his antenna look a bit long
Do you care to know the move levels?
I'm gonna go snag some more leftover Chinese food.
I have like.. two more meals worth.
oh shit I have leftover chinese
you haven't had my homemade fried rice then
now I want some Chinese food
Gligar is a strong forest pokemon
It would definitely live in a fallen tree
steelix is a strong forest pokemon
It could be an ossified tree
In a particular metallic soiled area
one of the trainers in the slowpoke well has a wooper if you're looking to main switch
Is it a [OMITTED] seed, again?
put that thing back at the shrine
Weavile was griping about a critical, I think?
the only messages I will post from this point will be "What pokemon is that?" when a Rhydon shows up on screen.
sometimes, races call for desperate maneuvers
I mean, your race opponent can't overhear what you have if they're dead, right? Just say the word, boss.
Balls as far as the eye can see.
This seeds earthquake or zap cannon
The items I found tell me to turn off the game and watch anime instead
what pokemon does that evolve into
You're really trying for it need, aren't ya?
It's practically automatic at this point
It'll happen when you least expect it
I've never played this game before :)
flashcels be seething at dark cave chads
how tf you tell the mon to use [OMITTED] when you can [OMITTED] the bloody thing
[This comment has OMITTED for Weavile]
Go, Viki! Fuck up Jill for challenging Phantom
I CAN'T BE AN INVOLVED MEMBER OF THE CHAT COMMUNITY
I blizzard freeze people all the time with the serene grace max special attack blissey
I'd so lose, but, do you wanna do some Showdown or PTCGO shenanigans some time?
It's been a while for me, but it's fun
I'm considering getting into VGC in gen 9
This trainer gives their ledian dragonbreath but you don't give your dragonite dragonbreath
Weavile, I hope you enjoy your time in [OMITTED]
Phantom won't dignify the PTCGO thing with a response. :(
similar to Magic? Sounds toxic af
I think PTCGO might technically have been the first Pokemon game I played
I was on the ground floor at the age of 3/4
My first real Pokemon game was Brilliant Diamond YEP
And my first run was a Nuzlocke YEP
I got a copy of red version that somehow already had a dead battery that early
and my cousin didn't want it any more
I'll challenge you to Yugioh Legacy of the Duelist Link Evolution duels on the switch though. KEKW
If they remade DP like SwSh, I'd probably have got it
HGSS would've been the best remakes if they were Gen 5 remakes
didn't wii u already have some DS games
game freak just wasn't willing to make their old classics worthless
They put way too much effort into making romhacks of D/P for the Switch, basically.
you should've bought brain age if you had a wii u
two randos in one day and gamer headphones?
head to square need to squeeze it out
You're asking a lot of me. NotLikeThis
Let me just crit 20 times in a row, then.
No. I need to overkill too. >:I
whomever devised "rotating trainers", I hope they got a pay deduction
that crit would've been helpful sooner, but good job regardless
or you could've used the rare candy to revive
WHY'S EVERYTHING BUILT TO MURDER VIKI
What pokemon does that evolve into?
It's kill or be killed, sport
I'LL GIVE YOU SOMETHING TO BE SCARED ABOUT *sends out Rattata*
Emulators in general tend to have a hard time with these games' sprites.
I dunno. They might have Icebeam.
what pokemon did that last one evolve into?
someone post the phantom jam emote right now
I'm back from eating leftover chinese
did I get named after an hm slave
yea I still got some fried rice and general's
I'm wanted in 48 states now!
Moltres was hot. Wanted to find a place to chill
what pokemon cry did entei have?
Also, better fire Move? I don't know who Move is or why we're firing them, but okay.
"When the boss becomes playable" except even before that
he's in dark cave right now
I've met the enemy. They're Viki.
Now I feel targeted for going to lay back down
that sounds like a time loss, Weavile
how many rhydons/rhyhorns did I miss while AFK?
Is there a link anywhere for how to do water staircase skip in koopa fortress
lol time to learn all the skip mechanics then
Mx does water staircase skip on like every rando
Alright, Bedge time, gl with the rest of the race
I'VE COME TO MAKE AN ANNOUNCEMENT
Oh darn, you're the one running out of things to do
"why do you have sweet kiss, god?!"
sweet kiss was on some event mons
Imagine sweet kiss nidoking in gen 3
Yay now I'm at full health passed out in your party
did weavile just go into the escape rope room?
shit I have to clip to see what happened I was looking at google maps
do we even have silver wing wasn't paying attention
Didnt teleport w abra at the same time as you got a trainer battle
these pokemon kids seriously don't realize they're being scammed when they pick a chikorita and purchase a porygon 2
Aw yeah not being used for HMs
I dunno, red could have lots of ice
we know that boy likes lapras
dragonite is just a fat jumbo marowak
WEAVILE WE GAVE YOU LIKE 20 CHEATING SPOILER HINTS?!?!?!
I got 9th outta 100 something at the arcadian
I got to play the falco from 2dcon again both in singles and doubles lol
yo good luck on the race
Man I can't wait for Bootless/Hammerless mode to eventually happen.
how was the crystal rando yesterday?
No I mean doing bootless AND hammerless at the same time
I play a lot of randomizers, so I like to experiment with different settings.
He got top 8 with solo sora
Is bootless even a thing LOL,this is so dumb
I was farming channel points I seen a little had sounds on mute
Well that would mean with logic seeds you'd have to find boots before coming to an obstacle that requires you to jump
Parakarry can become a temporary pseudo-boots like Bombette is a temporary pseudo-hammer
An interesting take on bootless would be you can't jump in battle but can jump in the overworld
so you will not be able to open doors?
Won't have to worry about accidentally jumping into doors YEP
w000. paper mario rando! LETS GO! GLGL!
I'm still waiting on traps in shops
Traps in shops sounds like pain
It is called star rod since it can grant all your wishes
I wonder if we'll eventually get a music shuffle feature
music shuffle is already half done. but the general consensus is slowing down development now
random music would be just annoying,really
we've been burning through feature request too much
Imo custom music in N64 games tend to be more miss than hit, at least the music's that's made from scratch
I would like star spirits anyway and  star spirits can be anything
Fight Bowser to Tayce T music catJAM
star spirit shuffle has many ifs and whens
beating chapter 1 and get a mushroom
I can't wait to try music shuffle if it eventually happens. I'd be waiting for the seed where I get Bowsers overworld theme for Toad Town. I'd just be sitting in Toad Town jamming out lol
I really don't want to have 6 spirits for sale, one in a bush and now you have to do ch8. like wut
It could work like the item that replaces the star spirits is still linked to the star spirit by giving you the power when you get the item, so getting a mushroom from Koopa Bros would also give you Refresh
what the odds of that happening?
don't the star spirits end the chapter,how would that even work?
I would re roll the seed at that point
where the MW 2 beta at.. lol
make it so you need the cards to get to chapter 8
that's the unused smash charge badge that only gives +1. literally useless lol
What if it's a condition where you find the star spirit, then talk to an npc to finish the run like ALttP's Triforce Hunt?
u housing MvD for port priority
just equip the 2 power plus,LOL
an air mattress can fit in a suitcase???
at that point just add triforce to pape rando @buff00n
gl on the race! sun 1 hr incoming!!
nothing is impossible for you! you got this!!
Sub 1-hour if Star Spirits are shuffled and everything is in the first shop YEP
that would require some crazy RNG
Cheer100 Good luck on the run man, first time I got here while the rando is live
when the Hell did they build a Culver's within walking distance of my house
that's why you don't gamble, kids
we're done gambling. Now we're grumbling about our gambling losses
so you know if you can just ignore star pieces or not
hopefully something not on 60 star pieces
I say let's have something hard-required on 60, so people vote for lowering Merlow costs for race seeds. then again I'm also a mean person lol
what if power rush was 60 star pieces LOL
does someone make these seeds for you guys for race days? or is it completely random?
12 minute boot upgrade is pretty good.
I'm wondering, who else is competing in the race? I guess Jcog, because I remember that you mentioned him once
I was thinking about joining but I wanted to watch
I need to get my times a little better
my bad, logging into twitch on desktop took longer than it took sma11zz to post the link lol
join the race or watch phantom that a hard choice
Does the bot have arbitrary commands that output defined strings?
@Icebound777 You're good, I have it in my browser since I'm watching the multi stream
what was in the rewards? I got distracted.
Merlow rewards, 3 out of 5, not great not terrible (YELP)
Sub 1 hour star spirit inc?
and we get to see lp for once
too bad c5 drags on for so long with cutscenes lol
thats what I get for not paying attention LUL its going to be c7 scale, RIP
Ima just go all out. this gonna be ch7
can it be 3 of any letter?
Phantom, lemme know when you want me to time out Kris. Ready when you are.
logic said bamHappy first chapter, hardest chapter
crossing fingers for a snowman doll or two
H O P I U M
@Icebound777 so when we changing the rules to allowed lp skip?
It's a community decision I am not involved in
since lp skip is not allowed if you able to beat lp now that put you in a good spot that other people cant do
be back soonish. I gotta do some laundry.
and at c7 thats so much damage
Did they change it? Vanilla is still an option
Yeah custom presets break every now and then when we add or change features
That's my second favorite Watt's Palette, just behind light blue
You will GIVE ME an AGG
You don't need 50 star pieces this time, right?
Love your title for that VOD BTW
SHEESH These badges are garbage today
Can we at least have a half decent Power Bomb
you can still get a 1 BP power plus tough
getting high costs now means more chance to get low costs later
If your PMRando race can get into AGDQ, this year's Rando block has the potential to be super stacked. Metroid Prime 1/2 Crossgame Multiworld and Metroid Dread Rando are submissions too.
oh, where was bow? I missed it
That might be my new favorite Bow color. Even over pink Bow.
damn I just got back miss alot
Like, I vibe with goth Bow so much.
I thought you picked up a cake though. I was just kidding about the lemon. lmao.
I did not know that. 0.0.
like,how do you know that,does a NPC tell you?
I might join next week's race if I am not busy
I am a Pro mode refugee lol
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on mountviewers. com (mountviewers. com)!
Is there a table to tell which scale each ch is at based on enemy hp?
oh cmon not these bots again
I Wana become famous! tell me all about it! ... not!
fuck verizon, and at&t, and t-mobile, and also bell and rogers while we are at it
rogers internet, mobile, tv, EVERYTHING was down for like a full day, nationwide, a couple months ago
and our national inter-bank money transfer system was down too because of it
That nasty outage Canada had a month or two ago did actually cause one of our Tournament races to get delayed
I was WFH that day, but my internet and mobile were down...
my internet was down 1 day and we couldn't even use debit in all of canada anywhere had to go to the bank to get money
That was the day that I went out to buy my bicycle. ; _;
I had to play on my mobile  hotspot was not fun
do you even have any coin rn?
how much BP is fire shield?
the thing the yoshi leader does her elooks... inappropriate
I always think of Austin Powers Goldmember when he turns around and pulls the key out of his pants.
yeah this seed looks pretty tough
For that bit with the Yoshi.
And the fact that power badges STINK
I expect the Yoshi to turn around and go "Looook everybody! My winky was a keeeeeey!"
and this is supposed to be glitchless, right?
so you cant skip this fight...
water block is 2 defense against fire attacks,right?
also fire shield if it as a low BP cost
To be fair, it's one of the harder casual bosses.
these are rando and not plando, right?
I mean, the current gear settings force early ch5 pretty regularly. Should be pretty common to run into early high scaled volcano
I gave up in this race because I wasted 30 min dying to lp
yeah lp's dpt is pretty high on phase 1, it's a gimmick fight annoyingly. If you survive phase 1 and have means to stunlock p2 it's a non-issue
I had a fight that would have worked I just needed to do like 10 blocks in a row
How would you rank the bosses in difficulty at Ch7 difficulty?
you need 9 items if you count partners for c2 boss
I'm talking about tubba not the heart lol
you gonnna take off Ice Power??
everything else is just way too expensive LOL
Hm. Still no pulse stone or pedestal keys for Ch2.
Oh, how would you handle final bowser in rando if Power Jump and S Jump Charge were stupidly expensive?
damn. you still need all the stones for ch2.
Idea for a plando give phantom alot of snowman dolls
I wonder what the odds are of the three stone keys being inside the ruins.
So we just need Portrait, Train...and the entire Chapter 2 Stone Cache
phantom what do I do after I die on ttyd pit floor 96?
contemplate snapping the disc in half (don't)
learn super guarding out of pure spite
I would've loved but I got immobilized
my gamecube will be yeeted out the window
you have pretty much everything except the stones LOL
I wonder who the real koopa is
snowman doll is literally useless against ice king
at this point ruins holds all the stones, the way this seed has been going
645 and I'm in bed already. yay.
Hmm. Is it possible to get all 80 badges in rando? Or do seeds sometimes not have certain badges?
don't forget you have the crystal berry check if it comes down to it.
cmon, stones could still be all in here
Yo phantom! how goes the run?
I'm just happy you're feeding gourmet guy. he's my favorite.
I didn't even know you could fall there
Man this game wild when drunk LUL
good luck with the race x4lyssDog
do you usually have mega rush equipped just in case a peril presents itself?
I think you have a couple repels.
head banging to the hardest metal
seems you are quite in peril rn
my dog is hogging ALL of my blanket. wtf...he's 45lbs. like why?
Oops all Key Items. There's your VOD title
and I see we had a near 100% location seed again
ah fair. but it is a full tracker
ah, yeah that would take time
does skipping ultra boots that much time? I guess, 2 additional dpt is nice, but then again the remaining chapters scale so low ...
stepping out for a sec to "Huff N' Puff"
there is another? I gotta check that
I recently learned the underwater gravity jump in super metroid. depending on where used, it's very precise
basically it lets me do a massive jump underwater without needing space jump
oh, supreme submitted the other rando run
a buddy of mine farmed the pianta parlor, and has like 40 power rush badges
what's your plan after the race?
me and a buddy used to do triforce hunt races with lttpr
prob cant catch that stream my game come out Tuesday so gonna be playing it
So you wanna play some xrd next month
I can play millia again :)
Who needs to wait for strive to fix her when I can play a version where she has the tools she actually needs
m4 just got last star spirit, I think
he's gonna take hammer just watch
If you had feeling fine then claw would be good :)
Deb's chat is currently talking about not being excited to going back to a game where Faust is top tier
I'm not disappointed in you now
harsh seed, but less bad time than I would've expected giving the badges and such
I wonder where was power rush
rip cheeto post item 6 maybe
does race seeds get a log after awhile?
god you had a much better ch8 than I did
bowser 3 capped him 4 times
Some seeds require Sewers boots first
Light won glitch who woulda thought
I forgot that shit was even happening nobody fucking went to that LOL
Hellish seed ... I 100% missed something. I had to go on Volcano lv7 for my first star, and even with it, I can't make any progress ...
I started in bizhawk, lagged too much once I got going, swapped to PJ64, reloaded once I got the raven because that lags for me with the needed settings.
yes, I had a lot of issues tonight XD
What was your 2nd star then ?
You found the 4th Key ?
I'm missing a Fort Key for 1, the Fertile Soil for 6, and I don't have bombette or bow to progress elsewhere ...
desert 3 block is where bomb was.
omg I'm stupid nvm ... I have 2nd hammer and forgot to go back under toadville -_-
It do be a tuesday, in office days are good and bad
yaaaa, Monday and Friday. Agreed, I like hybrid, but having to wake up earlier and actually leave my house is meh
If I only WFH I would lose all motivation to do my job XD
exactly, it just begins to feel so pointless
I also have to switch between my stuff when I WFH, but thats because I watch too much twitch LUL
I bet your room was toasty
that's super nice then, helps with venting
my room is the last room in the vent system, plus an i9 and a 2070super, its constantly 80 degrees in my room
yuuuuup its lovely LUL we love it here
this winter I feel like is going to be so bad
true, contracting work is expensive to just pay for too
this is how network traffic works, time to start taking notes
sounds slightly quiter than you, slightly louder than the game
BN3 was the one I had when I was younger, I would say it's my favorite but I never played any of the others
this isn't my grandpas mega man
OH?!? that's nuts, I also never knew that
neat what a classic. I love this game
phanto274Smile  give me all the phantokens
closer and closer to giving a seed LUL
I dont even want to try and generate a crazy seed, I just want to see how you would play through a seed I just finished. It felt so rude to me LUL
twitch said it was implemented td anyways
cool I have it too it seems
lurking while working (ie, until everyone clears out so I can put on my headphones
well well well, my favorite part of the day.. time to head back home phanto274BLANKIES  gl Phantom and Ice, probably be back in a bit
hope you get zapring 2B 1st try
the old guy could at least teach Lan how to chop down trees with his hands
BN games would end so much faster if Lan would shatter a World 3/Nebula's criminal femur
In BCC and BN2 he is, not so much in the rest of the games
^ Mario is looking a little blue today. He must have failed to rescue the princess.
GL w the race and stuff! I'm gonna pass out bc I've been walking around Toronto all day fourthgenSHY
yo just stopping by to say hi and good luck
I need you fill me in
wind fan gutsman is GUTTER KEKW
this game is so weird in english
thats a weird trigger, I tap the wall to miss it
there is a reg up in the bear
Is this a blind race? *sees "race"* nevermind
Lan is jacking into Men? no wonder Maylu has such a difficult time getting his attention
@cyber_elf_elpizo Your name triggers PTSD for me.
this is gonna be more fun to not backseat LUL
I'm down for specific questions tho
@Axl_Sensei How does one succeed in life?
I love that there are NPCs in this game that you didn't even know existed. KEKW
when I did drop the bass I ran into airman3, and I top decked HeavyStamp! Quake123, does 800dmg, airman had 700hp KEKW
didnt you know phantom? If you jack into a dusty port itll ruin your PET
@Axl_Sensei but throwing your wireless adapter througha wall of fire is fine
cant wait to see this zenny route
so what events led up to this "race" happening?
also throwing the PET hard to the floor is fine, as is having it submerged in the ocean
so this is kind of like a card game mix with mega man
dont let komari hear those words
I have never seen this game before
@blacktiger51 turn based, real time, deck building RPG?
BN 3 "actually blinded" run where you have someone else on Discord watching your screen and guiding you.
@Axl_Sensei yeah that what it look like
It'd be neat to see how far a pair could make it.
@blacktiger51 I ran bn2 for like 4 years lol
phantom, convince iceblue to do bn2 hard mode race next time
@Axl_Sensei damn that a long time
axl played that seed I gave you yesterday it was fun to watch him do it
I did water block skip, and tornado jump ruins entry
then in ch7 the very last check was pulse stone... fuck off game!
2 power ups equiped and 200HP
@Axl_Sensei I forgot that was there
Yes, hello, officer? There's a couple of weirdos jacking into our coffee machine.
I checked the spoiler log for that pape race u did on sunday for power rush
toad town tunnel room b2 with spikes
HP memory increases level by 1, power up increases by 4, and I wanna say your first style change adds 6
or the block before the chapter 7 room I dont know what the log meant there
shout outs the the people who decided that Life Sword can be one PA instead of 3
Idk what b2 is for that
I'm expecting to see cats4eWiggle movement
@Axl_Sensei the battle collection come with this right?
yeah I will prob pick it up when it come out
damn, you never added my Timebomb F emote to your FFZ FeelsBadMan
that mega man collection have 10 games holy shit
tell 'em he has to give a sub for that information
I mean.. For the collection, will BN6 have renewed internet support?
I cant wait to see iceblue do the axlsenWut fight
shame about the lack of Network Transmission
to be fair, the japanese title is "Advanced Collection" so NT wouldnt make sense there
not enough chips with the same code?
I'm surprised you still have recovs, in case you forgot bn2 doesnt have beast out OMEGALUL
hope to see you run my favorite PA
I need to flood iceblue with bn pastas
Nice of you letting Ice stay in the race
you should put your power ups on speed KEKW
Eh License? Isn't that just a Canadian citizenship?
cant wait to see you die to cutman
dalus clipped me dying to him 4 years ago LMFAO
In the words of our lord and savior Neil Patrick Harris- Challenge accepted.
only a couple hours late. LETS GO!! Gl on the run!
Imagine getting through Quickman, but struggling with Cutman
now you can learn the origins of my emotes axlsenDab
I caught a Mega Man stream. PogChamp
@axl_sensei you staying dry down there or has Ian not hit you yet?
hasnt hit yet, thanks for asking
I'll post updates in phantoms discord
If you get shield style I'll gift 5 subs KEKW
I was wondering if you didnt know that was a cutscene or if you needed context on where to go next
Yum Land = North Korea confirmed?
this game has very few "talk to everyone" but that was one of them
THAT NPC IS STILL WAITING THERE IN BN3!!!!!!!
Yumland wasn't just your regular genocide: it was CYBER-genocide
I will sadly admit, I've never played or watched any mega man.
to this day i've only ever finished mm2
Could you ever be convinced to play the Mega Man Zero games on stream?
yeah, just get shield style first LUL
I wanna do the pity gifts
when metaruler did his casual bn3 stream I predictedd his style and got a free sub out of it LUL
strats is with gutsman 1 and 2 set folder to reverse MB and hope you draw gutsman with atk+ and navi+
rank 9 is 3.125% for B code
Ice caught up to you LMAO
den area 2 has a white ice fight with 3 tuffbunnys if you need the backup
Besides manipulating the to get the style,m you want, can you manipulate the element of the style change too?
frame perfect, but there are windows
like aqua has a 5 frame window
I dont know these passwords, just the movement lol
some have protoman splits but its so close to knightman I couldnt justify it
It was at this point in the series Lan became an official in Netopia Kappa
'The chip I know but what is the wireless for Mayl? Your horoscope says you need it.' LUL
wait, Lan got a passport BEFORE his got permission to travel overseas???
Our boy Jim and his need for the legendary guard asterisk LUL
love Jim's quote "Who the hell are you? I dont speak to strangers"
Is it time to get bullied?
first time I played this as a kid, I got aqua, then I got to thunderman unable to edit my folder
phantom swapped to megaman instead of pokemon so that I can't ask what a certain rock plated rhinoceros is named.
they were both at 10 HP LUL
you have area grab in the folder from famous
Its S code for what thats worth lol
tuffbunny does show up in Raoul'S HP and in netopia areas
dash attack has break element? I never knew that
missed it, I was cursing iceblues run
Ms millions? More like Ms cougar Kappa
Seems iceblue is dissing our boy Jim LUL
are you guys gonna do a whiskey rap duet?
this is the content I signed up for
I was today years old when I realized that @Axl_Sensei 's profile picture was not a stylized Virizion head
Yooo battle network hell yeah triSMILERS
Its fishy from this very game
look it up and you will understand how I thought that
that poke looks weird as fuck
How are the battle network games as speedruns?
Is this the part of the stream where phantom rants about rng?
Like as an rpg speedrun I know most are annoying lol
did you remember the HP memory at the hotel fridge?
dr ironfist? theres a joke in here but I'm gonna stop right now
I found 2 battle network games for DS at GameStop yesterday
One was starforce and the other was battle network 5: Double Team
talking to red and blue screens rests your step counter too
How long is this run typically?
Is this a blind run LUL
Do you run the game Axl?
I do it rarely from time to time
I had WR for a whole week!!
you can easily get through here with 4 sneakruns
hell you could do 3 with only 2 encounters
For a wr holder I'm sure Kappa
gl on the rest of the run phanto274Bless gotta lurk for now spaget3Wave
phantom hurry up you can still get wr
Coneys wife stole his slide whistle because he kept waking up his daughter
when I was a kid all the maps were text on gamefaqs lol
just wait til null and void axlsenH
just say the word if you want direction
check your email, you should have a freepass
fullcust is busted only beeing 10 reg
@axl_sensei and you can have 4 of em in your folder
you can up to 5 of the same chip
cause this game had omega PAs
this just looks like a maze
this seems like it's super fun and great to play
Its great if you know where to go
"step sword, what are you doing?" - IceBlue
can I join salty run back? I'll do hard mode to balance
hope you did the trigger for this
Is ElecStyle bad in BN2, specifically, or in general
I took whatever wasn't Aqua cuz my brother ran a Flashman folder
also, I don't really use buster
I forget how painful this is cause I know the route
gotta find the key maker lol
brb, need to take hikari out
firin_bot: Alright, I'mma hop off for me feel all LavaBall people. There's just a product like BNLC just reg areagrab for some kind of navi would be fine man is tight
next you trigger a cutscene in under 3
this Wendys4for4 goes to the winner
If you are level 51 you can sneakrun apartment comps
go to kotobuki talk to friends, go back to real world mother comp room and there is a hidden prog in a copy bot
fridge HP in the hotel is free
talk to it, dont jack in
man, you're gonna get SO many golds next run
guessing that was the final boss
Battle Network runs sound like PAIN
thanks for the race, it was a good time
coaching stream is off the table I guess lol
I'll keep you posted with weather here, have a good night.
hiiiii how is the game? been on the fence on it tbh
been seeing other struggling with this a bit, but what's the focus of the game?
like really been trying to know what it's trying
wdym octopath? cause I didn't get that vibe from checking things
oh also, I uncovered one of the most broken glitch in bug fables and it's still in since 1.1.0
It can softlock, redirect to a wrong dialogue AND give you key items you shouldn't have
not really because people have been running into it by accident
and got softlocks or it fucked their saves
like it's the kind of bug you have to patch
fyi, it involved chompy's ribbon change and a previously known similar issue that was fixed in 1.1.1
damn only if you could use yourself in fights
I feel like the loop logic went bad or something?
so....how do you...die in this game? you're dead already no?
so it's basically a mini persona game :)
but are they like medals? 0_o
does the game have a spy system? (screw pm terminology, bf is better :) )
bf's let's be honest, most of the time you did it for the dialogues
Idk I wasn't impressed by what I seen like the characters look nice...not sure about the maps
there's just something that doesn't vibe with me
I mean that doesn't really tell me much because bf def had that and I wouldn't even say was the focus of the game
Inb4 they did the same mistake than bf and every battle action was in one function so it took a while to load the first time :)
cause it had to copy into memory
the wording implies battle can go OVER 99 turns lol
It's like in bf, if you had eternal venom with poison, it's actually a poison for like 999999999 turns :)
99 though, that sounds dosable to do lol
bf has a setup that was insanely bad and boring to play, but was op because you couldn't die in theory
this song got Saturn Valley vibes
YO BIG MAN IS IN THIS GAME?
It's not massive man from yakuza :)
yo a dropplet, can you freeze it?
even this game figured out the ttyd backtracking problem lol
look, it's not pineapple on pizza, it could have been worse
bug fables could never be ":)"
wow sponsored by linda dot com!
this is a weird sfx btw
So Phantom just rejested a rando seed for Pape. He doesnt acknowledge an agreement nor disagree. Phantom doesnt think it's appropriate to discuss glitchless seeds or starting with Goombario. Feel free to disagree but Phantom will reject your seed. Feel free to resubmit without your message. ManILoveRNG Cheer100 Cheer100
moderate wind with rain off and on
I tried a rando earlier but twitch miami severs crashed
sushie in prologue to ultra hammer in volcano giving me panel checks
wait so if I made a goombario start  seed phantom will reject it oh no
I need that : D one as an emote.
what the heck, is this a paperverse game
Not that I don't enjoy this (I do enjoy this, it's neat), but, are you running this the whole stream or do you have mixed plans?
Squid1 propokEL propokER Squid4 propokJ hi
Nm. Just finished this game propokH
this game is great. Imma be randomizing it for sure
Says something if it's worth finishing
@MarioManTAW I also play hardmode nuzlockes, soooo I finish things I despise Kappa
how long was your blacktiger seed?
Don't worry. I did and it's still somewhat irrelevant....kinda. I also played on Hard, so
I gave it to rigby so he was asking lol
oh snap outbound gameplay. how is it?
THE person to talk to about it hahaha
also ppn congrats on beating the game
I beat one thing post-game then quit on the next one because yeaaaaaah Kappa
Put it on Hard and you will stare with hopelessness :)
How's the Crystal FIR running going btw?
I've had Sprout wall me before and by the time I was strong enough to win, I was so far away...it was Bicycle propokH
I play Crazy FIR. I understand the gauntlet hahah
Pokemon is weird because as much as there is logic, it's a rush of checks
I play without hidden items usually
It's not thaaaaat bad, but they're mostly annoying
propokT lemme check. Maybe I'm saying the wrong one
Crazy adds the time items and berry trees
they're ez. Just 7 extra checks hahah
berry trees change a few movements. Otherwise, they're just along the way, so more chaos \o/
The best is Tuscany requires Zephyrbadge and he's back on Route 29, so getting that super late to run back for something required is rough haha
dirt is the 2nd most important item in the speedrun lol
they do if you press pause
they game has a safe system to where you pause enemies stop chasing you
It has the same effect as a Bush to put it in better terms
should have grabbed power rush in peach cutscene :tf:
everything today hell yeah gonna be fun
Hello, first stream I'm catching live!
So does that mean there can be like 2 power rush's but no Last stand?
you should buy that coin. it only costs 1 coin
traps on high is the best
I'm removing the context on that @lewisandspark
Hmm, we have a situation here
I want a prediction for which is a trap
oh crap kootsanity just dawned on me
Ok game, we can really use a Koopa Leaf
pretty good deal for a hammer
Koopa Leaf and Sleepy Sheep in Boo shop, don't forget
how did you break the boots panel without boots?
Not right now, but always good to remember where they are for when you need them
Super Hammer just makes you fight Blooper
Isn't another trap a kill on you?
You kinda need to buy one later anyway
...did you forget to turn on chapter scaling? Kappa
when was hustle drink added to rando?
can chapter scaling scale every chapter to vanilla?
I think there are ~3 checks over there? iirc
I looked at the streamer/esports awards thing because jwongg rt'd it and I hate most people on there and they also have a vote on which sponsor is best LOL
Redbull gonna sweep I see that shit everywhere
You can also check Odd Key early now
(rip cheato is why i'm grinding coins in ch7 and I hate him for it)
I think full item shuffle should eventually give you a lot of money items
Last week's extreme async had /several/ Jelly Ultras
damn I step away for 1 min and you got 2 more partners
I was about to say "Chapter 3 time" but I guess not necessarily
but you have to fight jr if u go back to chapter 3
Boots also block 2 checks in Tubba's Castle and give you a lot in the mansion
the rest of the chapters are more likely to be vanilla now
Buying EVERYTHING in desert shop for once
Ooo, you turned everything on for this rando.
What was in DDO shop? Blue and Red Berry?
Frying pan in the desert. LUL
Fire shield in the desert. fitting
what if the hammer is in ch2 panel
If that letter on 50 star peices is something that will be gross
188 coins for the full buyout
doesn't rip cheato have like 20 buys in vanilla?
lfg dried shrooms are a bargain at rip's
bowless green station for the fans?
technically that dried fruit is 20 coins
avoided that gold credit like the plague.
I always forget this game doesn't have a pit
literally the only one you couldn't hit
LUL you do not like that fight
1 fp mega bomb is almost TOO good. lol
we gonna use that on lp?
chapter 5 doesnt have a boss
@blacktiger51 yeah it does it was called' oh crap it doesn't
nintendo needs to release a patch in this game that fixes the ch5 boss
there about 20 years too late. LUL
and you was thinking about skipping that LUL
laki is the master key anyway
I like more gooder ty bot
You talking smack about Power Bounce Bot?
We saw cookbook. That's a green light for Anti-Guy?
I didn't see or hear anything. Totally unrelated and random note, I don't maintain the limited item list
Hustle drink is in randos now?
So apparently because minion parry is guard crush and not normal + frames
wonder how much hustle drink is worth
I can super someone who hits parry
can you not turn in vase until chapter ends?
Wow, 15 FP over 6 BP
wow another '1 time' hustle drink
tbf, hustle is only great with very specific badge combos
now you know the block order!
I started S License, then decided to get protoman3 chips but didnt even get to chaud. Kinda exausted
how dumb does hard mode look to you? LUL
that final boss tho @Axl_Sensei you fucked him up
It is dumb, dumb fun lol
like I get do do PAs you dont see in single segment
@blacktiger51 stomping on his face was great!
Very innocent and non-ominous question: do you take bps files for channel point rando seeds?
I bet ice coded a plando that why he asked LUL
there's no item placement I could come up with that's more ridiculous than some stuff we've seen already
This rando is shop heavy huh?
@Icebound777 I have a few ideas Kappa
I did a 5 paragraph essay on why SMG2 is my favorite video game
could you please post the essay in chat lol
I seen a plando for zelda mm and it was the most dumb thing ever LUL the stuff he made you do
@Garioairio Uhh its over 1000 words
2-4 chat messages is all you need
Its for game design, my teacher just said, type abt your favorite game
damn phantom what's wrong with smg2
you left your friend on the roof
1k? mwh I can write 10x that about bf :)
I don't even know what my favorite game is
fav game impossble to pick but fav game series easy
I told him to put the skittles back and now look what happened
Hang on, don't you have Melody?
does ultra hammer open panels in vanilla?
Honestly though, for 90 minutes, this is pretty good
5 scaled to 7 first MonkaS
youre just gonna do LP skip
I call lp cause I dont know how to spell it LUL
Aloha! Buy viewers, followers and primes   on mystrm. store
Aloha! Buy viewers, followers and primes on mystrm. store
Aloha! Buy viewers, followers and primes   on mystrm. store
so I got distracted with my words comment and I forgot to put my plate in the microwave BEFORE putting the ketchup....
I think that bot is from Jamaica Kappa
so you microwaved a plate with ketchup on it @aldelaro5 ?
@Garioairio yeah, it's fine, but it's less tasty
gotta say, I'm disappointed the post game exams are all the same
I just wanna lab my new blockstrings but nobody is fucking blocking
maybe you don't actually have kooper and now you can get him
you remind me, I did ended up watching the 1.5 hours gdq panel on rando, very informative, I learned a lot, but a bf rando is still a 3+ years project lol
why walk around instead of just hammering the block?
well... at least it's not Goombario
I actually plan on starting the SetText doc today and the way I'll desrcribe this one is my words joke earlier...that might happen here
made it! hello phantom and chat!! (:
jugoomba probably saves times on anyone except light cause light is very fast
how's the run going? were you streaming yesterday? if so, I'm sorry I didn't make it. busy with issues. lol
I wanna see supreme get his 5 star spirit run rejected LMAO
jcog said the 10th but I may have that mixed up
oooo. happy almost birthday to axl!!
Is calling him red yoshi racist?
you know rewatching a rando run makes me realise....holy crap the logic in the pm64 one is complicated lol
cause in the panel, they were talking about keys specifically being an issue because if you have 2 locked doors, one guards a required item, you have to assume either doors requires 2 keys
cause you can't know what the player will open first
yeah but then what happens if I want keysanity in bug fables?
almost time to make phantom do a seed
tbh bf might not that that issue because the only dungeon with this logic is rubber prison
cause it has one more key than you need
what do you guys think about me sending in a DK64 rando? Phantom can glitch the fuck out of tthat!!
considering this is max settings, this is going really well
all we need now is the star stone and the red key.
oh wow it's a hustle drink
just got back from a walk. where was sushie?
someone asked How'd you get 140K zenny? Said "Just get lucky" in my head thats the same thing as RNG manip KEKW
you think I'm gonna explain rng manip? GTFO
Might even be able to untime quake
I read the last part of bots message as 'fast food' lol
kolorado giving you a mystery is very fitting
that was clefts plan all along
I know somebody named Dane T
everybody is pretending to be koopa koot today
handing out 1 coin like it's some great prize
on a random note. I smashed my poor finger at work today. ):
now I gots a hematoma. ):
yeah. I'll lose the finger nail eventually, but there's just a lot of pressure there. lol.
I'll be alright. just the initial smash was painful. l0l
Oh look more pasta copyThis pastaThat
you are crusin through this seed
2 hours in and only lvl 2
Couldn't you have done Power Quake->Bombette normal attack?
allsanity should randomize star rod imo
I wondered "what if" and then it happened
he give you the type just to give it back lmao
randomize star rod. start the game, go to shop, it costs 500 coins, roll credits
he wants to obviously watch the tape
@phantom5800 good luck hope your day and stream have been great songof8Wave
It's time to take notes for bn2 and get you to learn more with me
I routed in some extra HP mems
Since I got heat cust LUL
I didn't want freeze man to take me out back
So we know who Miss T's fan was now, ig
So I was gonna go watch one of the 2:30 runs that's in US
And route out Regs, route out HP Mems
Man, Verizon does NOT like me lurking while walking under steel beams
And get a simplified route typed up for us
I think you have like 4fp
ohhhh peril. that makes sense now.
Outta Sight was unnecessary, that was just a free win as long as you didn't miss the action command LUL
I just finished a lttpr seed. needed mirror to get hammer, and flute was vanilla
You're gonna make me actually type these notes up with care
did I ever mention how much I hate turtle rock's boss fight
you need ice rod and fire rod for it
best part, I didn't have double magic, nor did I have potions. so lots of magic mirror resetting to get magic
If you have tempered or butter, with boots
You can quickly 0 cycle trinexx
Required Fortress double dip, for Koot of all things OMEGALUL
You have to do 15 pushups
but yeah, i've been doing glitchless lttpr runs
I think sign is before Life Shroom
At the top of the Fortress YEP
Laki said you're forced to work this seed
You've basically already done everything you can skip with Laki
wait a minute. goombario ISN'T required to beat this game?
You should probably do Water Stone soon then
Or check 6 first in case it's a Tubba Key
Doesn't matter too much when you check 6 unless it's Laki
Koopa Leaves are also in Boo shop but money
there are worse female yellow circles with eyes in mario rps
You can check that on the way out
Anything else you want to buy while you're here? Kappa
loops koot had watt hostage? that monster
why did the old man have a small child in his pocket?
And save the Yoshis bc why not
I think it also technically means Watt is out of logic though now that I think about it
I believe logic expects you to cook the Life Shroom, yeah
Especially if the ones you have weren't from shops
I don't even know the recipe for a life shroom keizaThink
Yo why are all these chapters vanilla so far lol
we know phantom has bad seed luck keizaW
Phantom is mad at me today. I don't get a hi Viki.. :(
Hustle makes turn order really weird
Gotta say, you're on a pretty good pace with those settings.
Did you see the BN merch phantom?
Don't worry, you can use hustle strats on Bowser
What if Goomnut is Pebble though
Dark Koopas 3 hours in, what is this seed
so I started a windows update to my vm and it's taking forever, but I need to wait it's done so I can free up my hardware :(
It's a new version of windows 11!
well it's a vm for a reason: I deal with windows the minimum I need and then do linux stuff for the rest
I'll puke in my own mouth, before I download windows 11
tbh the only reason I put 11 on it is cause it's a dev vm
so it make sense to upgrade it
but other than that. 11 is shit
my main is a arch linux
that store looks like he emptied out his pockets and put it all on display
You have to find both shoes
the timing for that last tubba key was legendary
I think somebody suggested splitting the shoes before keizaThink
that cleft is very excited to see you!
he's like a cat trying to get attention
fun fact: most star pieces are vanilla. Kappa
lot of guards on that treasure trove keizaScam
Vanilla Red AND Blue Key Kappa
the flying turtle on a cloud
@MarioManTAW I like the way you think
Would probably be wise to do 7 soon
Dojo or Yoshis, that's about it
I had the 1st 30k for awhile I was waiting for after your marathon to redeem the 1st 1
Chapter 5 scale is 45 isn't it?
yeah, imagine not having Goombario at the start. Kappa
Of course you want to save the yoshis.
You always want to save the yoshis.
7 has a lot of checks that aren't too bad
There's no telling what you may find in 7 tbh
Could be everything, could just be a Goomnut YEP
Maybe also go check Merlee at some point
Inb4 anti guy has the red jar
This has probably been in logic a while, yeah
You got Scarf later but it was on the way to the Fortress
So Goomnut is probably in Star Haven? I think
Unless they made Yellow Yoshi replenishable
Laki go mode with glitch logic YEP
Where oh where is the cloud koopa
Laki in Palace Key check Kappa
Should maybe consider picking up Double Dip with all those Hustles
Have you turned in all your letters?
Good thing you realized before you left 7 though tbh
Could've been on a random letter you had this whole time YEP
Surely faster to do Frost T after this chapter than later right?
Nice Blue Key behind Red Key OMEGALUL
Assuming you checked the panels already?
I think there were talks of making Yellow Yoshi replenishable but I don't know if that was ever implemented
this is the quickest max rando seed I've ever seen
If not, either it's in Star Haven or you just missed it
Where else can Laki be at this point?
Did you ever fight Lantern Ghost?
They have signs warning about Koopas here? Weird, I've only ever seen Goombas.
Could have just used Sky Dive LUL
Just don't try to shell shot the tree
honestly I think ironmon is fading out
I'll still try to beat it
but yeah, we were a bit off on the timing Sadge
gotta maintain those partner numbers shiruCOPIUM
yeah, I had to do commentary for a tournament race earlier
yeah, FM fans are all degens 4Head
yeah... I was talking to axl about it
maybe the collection will make things better for BN shiruCOPIUM
made him something good and he blow you up? wow
oh yeah btw, axl said he'd be more inclined to do ironmon than FM KEKW
I don't know what you guys are talking about YEP
which one would you rather do? Kappa
yeah, but what about 300 oak's lab resets? LUL
game i've never played  vs not fun challenge hmm
at least you get to play the game, kinda
I could never beat the final boss in fm
I'd play FM i've never played it so it could be fun
nah, I'll go back to vanilla eventually
but I'm currently focusing on 15 card
there's the tourney going on and all
just beat what his face with a s rank and get a mb dragon easy
mb dragon have 3500 atk tho
thunder dragon u can just fuse
can u even beat master 3
I'm saying that I hope power bounce is on moles
And you don't have any more letters, right?
Nothing comes to mind unless you just missed a panel somewhere
Then again, I missed a lot of the middle of the run
Did you have Ultra Hammer when you beat 5?
I love seeing the flower motion towards you and then you explode
did u hit the tree after  u beat 2?
Phantom I'm pretty sure you missed a check a long time ago
I'll tell you where after you beat master
are you doing the shirt technique?
you know a fight is tough when you say 'only' to 20 a turn
so i'm guessing master 3 is off the table if 2 is like this
Would have been nice if you had landed the first jump :/
the first miss was just an rng manip
yeah, definitely rng manip for double close call
You had no right to win that. KEKW
okay there was a tree on the beach that you completely walked past
You're about out of other options anyway, right?
Have you checked every panel? Hmm
did u buy the latter in chapter 1
you've checked like everything how no goomnut
Did you complete everything that you could in Ch. 3?
I don't think I was here when you got the ability to flip panels so I don't know if there's one you missed
Did you get both in 1?
this is a tough fight phantom be careful
do you have extra tricks on
the puzzle you need laki for, can you get the items underneath without laki?
and did you do that already?
I assume you got all 3 panels in 6
I predict he is somewhere in FF
what if laki's in toad town gate shop
I want to find goombario but I wouldn't wish finding him over laki on anyone
There's a bunch more checks YEP
or the radio thing I guess
I'm about it red jar or bust
I'm sure youve come across one theres like 8 coconuts
Merlon paid you a 1950's delivery person wage. 1 coin.
Cake Mix is in 5 shop iirc unless it's both
where do all these roads and people get literal shards of stars
Is that new I have played in like a month
yes you can jump on his tail?
give a cake, get struck by lightning
was that shop goomnut in logic?
Losing an hour bc you forgot Goomnut was in a Toad Town shop smh
damn it phantom you played the seed I gonna send in Kappa
I guess you just don't play with Koot enough
If you play with Koot more than once or twice, you make sure to make mental notes of locations for Koopa Leaf and Goomnut at least
why hit right then left on the machine?
I know at least once you let the HS animation play out
It normally would have crashed right as you got on
Power Bounce behind Red Jar Kappa
I didn't even know what hp drain did till you said it just now
P-down D-up sounds pretty good too, you seem a little low on HP Kappa
I was setting up food in the oven. Where was Laki?
blue eyes white huff is always good
Yeah that animation takes so long I always save after planting LUL
casually speedrunning rando. by cheating with danger
I hope it doesn't crash and you have to redo all that badge equipping
middle cutscene when going up should be skipped too
sadly I must go hopefully I get to see the huff kill
gl with the rest of the rando
So you just had to equip Damage Dodge to win?
power bounce in chapter 8 shop maybe
pour goombario waiting this long for u to buy him
It could be on koot or the trading quest tho
You could always eat the Kooky Cookie
Going to check what? The log?
2-minute cutscene in the final boss battle YEP
hardest fight in the game. nice work
hope the stream has been good!
metroid fusion rando makes me cry. I keep getting power bomb tanks, but not the actual upgrade
I think Verizon doesn't like me watching streams on mobile data
why is he allowed to do that lmfao
Is jammin jelly a jam, or a jelly?
or is it jam in jelly?
If it not on trading quest its on koot
good, I missed this one I would like to see one
I'm here for another master 3 fight
I lurked your seed last night that was rough
I watch your weight rando you had my god that was bad luck
I 2rd that master 3 or we riot
how'd Taco do in his Y nuzlocke?
I havent even bothered learning how to escape early storage room
learning escape I havent even learn how to get in there
just fly into the corner 4Head
once youre in the corner you wait for cam change and go right
I will try it next time I do a rando
I thought dojo isnt in logic until after 1 spirit
@know15 good to see your power is still on
I always thought first 2 were insta checks plupHmm
oh yeah I never knew when masters actually kicked in
Yeah power is still on it's getting progressively windier out so it's only a matter of time
60 star pieces for a latter oh god
I think the rain is coming my way Sunday afternoon, and I'm in Connecticut.
I dunno, the room where vanilla record is had Bow for me today
stepping away for a min so calling fuzzies now 321
Oh psykitHeck it'll be restreamed? I may have to take a look at that. I wonder if they accept volunteers
Rando bingo sounds kinda fire actually
Oh wow, didn't notice all the doctor
Found your randomizers recently and have been loving them to be my background while I do some work
I'm currently enjoying while at work EZ
If it wasnt for youtube I wouldnt know about you
funny enough I'm pretty sure I watched a rando you did before finding your twitch
You're at 630 subs rn, you're getting close
I didnt really connect it at first
hell yeah I am! ZFGs zelda randomizers in my algorithm brought me to you. super pumped I found you I didnt even know PM could be randomized
I use to watch a lot of zelda rando 1 day a pape rando from fatguy show up in my feed
that was the one that hit my algo lol
Ive watched so much oot randos
this is the best zfg arc
andy laso he does alttp rando
zelda and pokemon are the only games I know well enough to randomize, but now I wanna learn Paper mario
I cant find anyone doing zelda mm randos anymore
I only know one person who does mm no logic and they started running tp now
Yeah, right now MMR is busy with the Seadon 3 tourney brackets
either gliched or no logic for me
and sundays the only day where I watch glitchless
only other glitchless rando I watch is resident evil randos
How goes the start of the seed?
I kinda sort of figured out a lure for this guy but it only works if you dont have to pick up any of the items that drop in that corner
Idk if ive ever seen them
time to jump on some trees
I'm surprised the jade raven statue isnt glitchier
I feel like there should be an easy way in
good thing we swapped sushie out for sushie
Isn't there a hard glitch with the fish that let u clio pass there
OMG! I'm here. also. this is your first time having drunk Kris on the stream. LETS GO!!
prob what I'm talking about its hard
sushie glitch is the swimming on land thing right?
All the homies hate tree climb
I vote that attack fx e is something
how's the run going so far?
just so everyone knows. my dog pooped.
make a mental note phantom '2 star pieces in shiver shop'
I found the video where u clip pass the statue yeah way too hard
no shovel jump and get the coin back Sadge
hey! you got the coin back!
can I post a link for joke?
oh wait I remember this lol
up to 45k points now. idk what to do with them. l0l
yeah it looks really easy :tf:
If I wanted to get into doing Paper Mario Randomizers semi quickly, other than tight movement are their any like very difficult tricks to learn?
why don't I just mash c-down until I get it
cant wait to add reverse prologue to my logic
ope. have to pee already. BRB. beers are going down too fast/easy.
Seed in chapter 6, seems legit
Who could have guessed that seed was fake? LUL
My teacher said lets watch a documentary and then take a full on test with 7 minutes left in class
I'm trying to convince some friends to go to karaoke lol. I doubt it.
the walk off method is so scuffed
sold in his own town. rough
10 exp for a bullet bill time to farm
laki is gonna be top right room in temple :tf:
You can also do Rip :)
Bubble berry for laki check phanto274BLANKIES
Oh hey, you have the BEEP BEEP YEP
Coming back for the panel later?
do you have random consumables on?
you forgot to pick up that frying pan Kappa
oh not even balanced random for it
If you do all mysterys you also gotta make them completly random
thats traps in this seed are kinda crazy
I think hp is 3 in vanilla
hey hey ninjin sucker!! "whats up people!?" is on spotify now phanto274Jam
I see, Cleft HP is 2 in vanilla but buffed to 3 in rando when 2-scaled
that song was such a throw back
came home and napped for 2 and a half hours and some unlist number woke me up
I wonder if anyone will ever get 6 upgrades blocks in this room
You might be able to farm money off Snowman Dolls if they're cheap
you can buy dried shrooms to resell in toad town :)
Is that a Package where there's normally a Letter?
If it wasnt for your map of the desert I'd guaranteed miss like 4checks every seed
But only once, not sure how to feel about that
how badly do you want to ultra hammer skip
Not sure how I feel about that 7TV emote tbh
hey joke, howd your seed go?
I actually finished it for once so pretty good
I think the more glitched logic that gets added the more hooked I'm gonna be eventually
I might do one tonight tbh
hard mode didnt seem that bad, kinda wanna finish routing it now
I'm really enjoying picking up random niche tricks for rando
Goombario is the bomb literally LUL
I learned that one where you get the right jail cell without bombette this week
some of them are way more free than I thought
Bombette being bad with FP means we need the Goom to tell us how to manage it Kappa
ooo this is gonna be fun
now go check if crystal berry is laki first
Is it faster to just burn there
Rip Cheato trolled you at first but was actually loaded
Is it only me who thinks that Goombario was seductive enough to talk his way into Mario's pocket as being useful?
Half the partners are just here because they wouldn't take no for an answer
Bow does, but only after you beat 3
If you decline bow she laughs at you and joins anyways
Don't forget to grab the Frying Pan Kappa
Good news, you'll never have to come back this way
Or at least not farther than the Ultra Block, so you'll never need to fight the Duplighosts
whats star piece count looking like
Oh look, you know how to get past Green Station now Kappa
I still think the boxes should be rng
also these bombettes should be rng
An item that loses 1 second if you collect it before the Dictionary YEP
I guess it worked out anyway
It's fine, you can just go Danger after this fight YEP
Hey, you saved a second by dodging the Mystery Note YEP
whenever you head to ch3 dont forget the letter
I'm so invested in what it could be
Oh wow, nice shop Merlow OMEGALUL
was that a game softlock? idk if ive ever heard of that
Not quite a normal softlock though, more of a freeze or hardlock
what even happened I was afk
Will send in the Discord especially if it happens again
So, another four hours until Laki, right?
letter is scarf which gets soil and laki on cloud EZ
You had a great streak of starting with Laki for a while there.
I always forget about machine fight
Now Laki is continuously the last thing that you find.
I didnt realize the second was fake Sadge
"love" = couldn't care less lmao
Is that chest a trap? ive never seen what happens when you open it
Oh look, you can feed Anti Guy now
Imagine Anti Guy has the Train
laki last in glitched logic pepeW
@jokehow Last time he didn't get to do any Laki glitches, this time he still might
Laki and Train may be go mode but if it's anything like last seed, you'll find 2 Ruins Keys and a Fortress Key first YEP
Ultra Bow would have won pepeW
You can also give away a Nutty Cake
I believe it's after 1, 3, and 5 chapters
Yes, you also put it on your tracker if you forget LUL
You can turn in the Nutty Cake if you go to 2
I think twitch is broken my channel points are not going up
I restarted my pc and nothing
Its whatever prob be fix next stream
Choice to come here definitely worth
Inb4 Laki at top of Fortress
bow start and laki go mode again
laki prob in koot pants again
maybe joke will get his wish and master 3 have laki
Yeah, there's so much in 4, you'll probably find everything there
The blue Kami dropped two round blue things... HMMMMM
If you didn't check right side, I don't suppose you checked the panel either, right?
Kami, come back, you forgot your nuts.
Guess it only mattered for star pieces though
Shoulda just come here instead of Quizmo farming YEP
New item settings make Life Shrooms pretty hard to come by
Is this even worth if you have Cake?
I can see using the Laki one but Parakarry just seems needlessly slow
It's gonna be a long one. LuL
Do you want some snacks? KEKW
I dunno. Popcorn, chips, fruit, veggies.
Don't finish the rando in that time.
Didn't even need to Power Bounce OMEGALUL
In both max randos in a row, we're missing Laki at the very end
@ScrambledDragons and both was a bow start
I asked Morph, "are we gonna see ch6 bomb pushing?" Hell no! We LZS that shit. I learned LZS so I dont have to do bomb push!" KEKW
you're missing the most important partner still
and it's not the one in the cloud
I really want that mozzarella stick burger ngl
I have no idea if it will be good
Fortress Key on Master 3 :tf:
Plot Twist: he's immune to fire
and laki was in someone pants again
Randomized HP, Atk, & Def when? Kappa
Now all we need is defense
Could be interesting to see Defense changed
Yes. Make D-Down Jump the standard.
Well, you'll be able to turn off jumping soon YEP
You can do most of 5 I believe
So it doesn't matter then, right?
@RuneRavenFP Currently they can't for technical reasons Sadge
@RuneRavenFP That would be savage. LUL
was just looking at drop tables, to get a 2nd GutsPnch B its only a 25% drop at rank 5 Gutsman3 axlsenS
you get a free one from Dex HP
you can get D code as a gmd, which also lets you do the PA but D axlsenWut
double dip hustle drink then repel gal
I was scared you was gonna make me a fucking hypno again
Phantom's gonna sell me off to Team Rocket
I saw finally but red himself was first try
I love coming into chat with random questions
@Garioairio cc w/ peanuts is pretty good
not my favorite, but it's decent
wait wait wait buffing my attack won't help my spatk move?
Bird man is unable to properly wield a pokemon that isn't a bird
randon option: choose between red/blue Kris/Ethan
change your character's palette to red instead of blue
you can pick the random trainer name pool?
why is it named Golduck if it's blue
Nice Tyranitar! Hey what's another rock type pokemon that stands on two legs and looks like a dinosaur.
It's got wings just like some bugs do so it's a bug imo
@needaname37 the one that looks like a t-rex?
Your ace is looking pretty solid
girl get you a fire blast TM
Celestial reset so every time I get up there it's only the people that got to stay from last season
So I've gotten shit on by the best axl in the world 3 times :)
I took rounds tho corner jailing him
mx_four: TacoGuyy: yo m4 you died
mx_four: TacoGuyy: yo m4 you died
I also get confused when someone has a flamethrower
Teach it to them they needs to eat
yo @mx_four the bingo seemed really cool!
I played the last one awful but I think i'm getting a grasp on the average card length and it's in a good place rn
excited to see more of it! jcogEyes
yeah the speed seems perfect for a couple of quick runs
bingo being a little over an hour is actually so good
so it's nice to have something more bite-sized
maybe I will become a pape bingo streamer
It's certainly fun enough for me to do so and it'll keep me fresh enough that I could maybe still do runs sometimes if I want
the execution ceiling is very very high
when's phantom joining the bingo revolution
I am now officially in month 2 of Jacko
And I already took one of our top player to g5 last hit Flushed
yo mx-four is a tyranitar?? that's sick
month 2 jacko boutta go crazy
those stalactites need to get trimmed
phanto274Facepalm  I forgot to say hi earlier, phanto274BLANKIES  hi Phantom, hi chat!
whitney could also give you an elixir and a repel
hows the weekend been so far?
Yo he got that good shit
Phantom5800: this time, m4 is gonna fuck
mx_four: Phantom5800: this time, m4 is gonna fuck
Is there a way to turn off the sound on one bonking? I'd probably play this if I didn't have to hear it every time
TacoGuyy: mx_four: Phantom5800: this time, m4 is gonna fuck
It's a Pok'mon game, I will bonk often.
getting off the bike before entering the door is just too much work
It's faster this way I swear
I like how every single rando you get to pick which person you shit on the whole game
wait I tabbed out why are you coming for me
At least you don't have to bike all the way around again
I'm the starter and you're the rival
pokemon are tools to be used
@Starry_Arie WOW, that 180 into owning being the rival
I don't talk to the weak
thought you'd won, huh? I just installed this trapdoor...
I think it was suicune entei and raikou
full heal? or did you use it already?
wait, maybe you do know a thing or two about raising pokemon
wtf the overworld ampharos isn't randomized?
Does anyone else hear the word "professor" being spoken in the super effective hit sound effect?
If you need flash to get to lugia it's over
I wish lugia could be a bagon
you needed fire blast tm for this
nasty sick fire blast from a slowking
We can replace focus energy with items
Well, the girls gave you A move
If you randomly started to learn Sketch would you take it?
this slowking is better than me
You're learning why Tyranitar is always MID OU and not the top of the board.
what's the pre-evolution of that pokemon?
buffoon will help whether they like it or not
You can find the cut HM on wild farfetch'd
women will be impressed by your slowking's power and will want his contact information
now you must scour all of k*nto
yo cut on the ss anne
cerulean city cuts down annoying trees but surge doesn't cut his lawn
If you haven't already done so, click the follow button! Every follower is greatly appreciated! There are no follow alerts, so if you want to just lurk, there's no need to worry about your name showing up on stream.
bake a pie, and finish the run before it burns, you pb you get pie!
just go fast so your house don't burn down
most medium sized household ovens are fire safe for the amount of food you could realistically put into them.
are gym leaders randomized? like a random swimmer is pryce?
a small toaster oven fire could actually spread though
walk up to zapdos, oh it's Marty LUL
yo, imagine random trainers are actually wild encounters
zapdos is rotting in Red's PC
When the time comes, Vanilla snorlax again pls. I need to make a reappearance
words of wisdom from the bot
mx-four is just trying to live through the rando so they can stream metal gear rising after this
hey uh what pokemon are those gym statues based off of?
kangaskhan uses a lot of fighting moves
I still have PTSD from it
a power woman's stomping on me. This is EXACTLY how I wanna go out
murkrow. a powerful kanto native pokemon
kanto sure has changed a lot in five years
I saw you were unable to use crunch... here, have a max ether
If you have to go do more johto gym leaders, rip them
pidgeot's hair is super stylish in this game, damn
It's xp to make Sabrina and surge easier
no bike music is a Godsend, holy moly
This is the silver lining of getting all the max revives instead of the progression key items
buffoon needed redemption after that earlier showing
I got a W, so whateverz
that's a psychic type pokemon for the psychic gym leader
They really pulled the bridge up to that 16th of an acre of woods
buffoon will defeat a What pokemon is that with a powerful surf
WHY'S IT CHILLIN IN THE MIDDLE OF THE LAKE
If they look gray get checked out pls
It's the chuckle with no follow up for me that's so good
Also god the mobile delay tonight is rough
Each electrode will be a dope poke
I stg, when I watch on mobile data, I can see stream but people can't see my comments
then Arie shows up just to shove you
And owl tree and kobra walk into a room..
how many of these have you done?
Trigger misty? What, are you stealing her bike?
my channel points were bugged yesterday but they're working now
this asshole has TWO Johto starters
Fought Lugia and hooh this seed wild
are there several settings you can randomize like in pape?
they should include shinies for that
I have 3 silver carts that need battery replacements clintWeeb they won't save
I'm gonna lurk while I finish binging the lord of the rings movies. gl on the rest
Have you ever ran into a shiny during a rando?
Is that how you spell it?
These people I'm serving are very drunk so I'm refilling their water real quick
Our bartender made me an espresso martini let's gooo
damn I miss so much of this
so where was like everything lol LUL
just in time to miss the entire stream I guess, but wanted to say hi anyway
hope you had a good time
yeah, we're still like 30 minutes out from starting. Restream is just setting up
found a decently priced everdrive glennj5COOL
I may have two GB X7's from when they were first back up btw ...
that's what I've been using for crystal on gamecube
we gotta do something together sooner than later, if only I wasnt working when you do streams glennj5BONK
Is there an eta on when it starts?
should be in the next 10 minutes
ah, it's not that your mic is broken or you hate us
this is probably going to be every other week, and I'll do another seed on my own after on days like today
Is this a vanilla pape race? Or just rando race with commentary?
rando with commentary from (probably) Arie and dreaded
do you know who today's competitors are?
Hello! I've made it. How is everyone?
whelp, I probably can't win now
I'm gonna do a glitch logic seed after a break
you need one after that lol
put dojo on so we can see master 3
you did a good run my friend
I want to watch the race vod later to hear the commentary
It was a lot of "oh no they didn't go this way ahhhh"
was just waiting for them to cut my feed, I'll be back in a couple minutes
I over slept and missed the race lol
so its not an axl sub 4 LUL
Dream looks like a normal ass dude
you were doing all kinds of bad checks early but were still first to lantern ghost
tiger I returned the futon that got delivered to my house
still cant believe they dropped it off like that
Are you able to find the hammer or is this just no hammer period?
It was delivered by another company so not sure if they could do anything
I didnt watch the race with plans to play it myself but I may watch it now
was it tiger seed bad? LUL
Boots + Bomb = 3 soon?
Fighting Blooper? Bet you could use a Goomba soon Kappa
I think mario lost his hammer in the water and it froze
"hammer" hello i'm under the water sombody help me
tomorrow is Full Metal Alchemist Don't Forget
If this is anything like the race seed, it could be useful :)
I dont know abt that one
also, good job on the race man
hey did you know you're still in race chat in discorD?
I think the only reason you're not talking to adam rn is bc he is deafened
but when I saw what I wasn't supposed to, I needed the last fortress key
It just took me a couple mins to process it since it wasn't like direct info
shit happens though i'm pretty mad at myself for reflexively checking staff chat
that explains the weird ch4 end
we were all like "who bails on the ch4 card?"
Did she just walk up the tree
I saw 'rigby has 4 keys' and 'rigby is fighting general guy'
and didn't put it together immediately
but it did remind me of the parakarry check at green station
and I didn't wanna leave it behind
and then it happened to be the last key
I finished ch1 and then was like 'i think I should dnf'
Won't you need hammer to clear here?
I mean, you don't have to do any of this
I forgot to check the hidden block in the SW side of the desert jcogSmile
I looked for over 30-40 minutes and even made shit to give to Tayce T
I gave up because I game overed to final three times
I gambled on green station over yoshis
and died to hallwayas well and forgot to save before jr so I had to redo that to
oh I didn't know you could laki clip here
he will get us bad luck
oh no hammer so fighting lp
Fighting LP unless you find a hammer here
I think I'm gonna go watch the vod back to see
oh wait, is there a way to do LP skip without hammer?
maybe a laki teleport similar to how you do flarakarry?
try talking to him to get pushed in the wall
like the hammerless npc lure glitches
no idea if its actually possible
can you do a spin jump behind him to get pushed?
can buffer with a spin to avoid talking
I would try coming from the top
you could bombette push him just a bit closer to the wall
Now you can always beat 5 w/o a hammer YEP
you're a glitch hunter now wideVIBE
Updated minimal requirements for 5 completion: Laki + Bombette and that's it YEP
Laki + Bombette also gets you into 5 to begin with though
yeah idk what I called it
that's pretty easy too, as long as you're not trying to hit the switch without fighting blooper
Its called " Island Pipe Blooper Skip" on the rando website but jcog gave it a different name iirc
yeah that works for me LUL
LOL the koopa chillin in there
that one's more annoying than hard
Something I don't know if it's good but I'm curious to try to time: blowing up the wall before talking to Bombette
"OOH, we can get out via this... massive.... hole in the wall....." - Bombette
You don't have a hammer though
might get to hear the whole banger jcogBanger
pow probably would've been better to keep them knocked over
Pretty sure Kooper Puzzle is the only remaining required hammer
Hammerless finish would require reverse Toybox, Raph skip, and Kooper Puzzle skip
The only reason Kooper and Hammer are still hard required
at least it was only 10 coins
Do you not remember if it's enabled?
The way spheres work, it expects you to be everywhere at once YEP
Well, you're about to buy one Kappa
what if ... dusty hammer in inventory allowed hammering once before breaking
don't mind me, just stocking up on some dusty ultra hammers
More useful than they are right now NiceSoftlock
Well, I'm not actually sure how much logic would even change
You already need Bombette/Super Hammer to get to Outpost unless you have random consumables
you want me to spend my 30k channel points to give you a truely atrocious one so you can feel better about all the others
hiiii more SetText docs today I am FINALLY ready to start commands docs, and do it 217 times :)
so I have a question, these traps stuff, they obviously didn't used to exist so...where do they come from in the pool? did they ADDED items in thge game?
what do you define as junk?
but if the consumable is useful, but not needed, is it removed?
In theory traps could remove all life shrooms and repel gels, yup. We randomly pick from all consumables
oh if it's just a random amount with a random selected checks, that's better
It's just I was wondering like where the heck did they came from
We coded them from scratch. Same with homeward shroom. If that's what you're wondering
oh ik that part, but what I mean is me seeing so much of them meant they had to replace SOMETHING from vanilla
your bot keeps encouraging me to unfollow, should I listen to it?
I hate jack in the box
should be "smooth sailing" from here, right? lol
It's not going to be easy, and don't call me Shirley
Hey Phantom phanto274BLANKIES hope you're having a good weekend, and good luck on the run phanto274Hype
hiding under the panel I see, what a place to hide phanto274Shrug
would you be against a Metroidvania rando for this 200K
win the rando and come join jackbox
I can shit post liek a pape enjoyer again
I got chicken and its tasty
"You are illegal now. Your entire existence is illegal now. Enjoy."
You have goombario why are you going slow smh
It's designed to kill you if you don't use bow's ability
were you in the race earlier today
I struggled so much as a dtupid little kid
because I was too stupid to use bow lol
so, why do those goombas appear sometimes and not appear at other times?
the one with bombette in boo shop was a bad one lol
the one with goombario in the ultra hammer chest was a good one
twitchRaid  twitchRaid   Someone call for a Doctor? MD is in house!!  twitchRaid    twitchRaid
Good. Had a really rough midday so relaxed with some Ori 2 Rando.
And you're missing your little sparky
there's gotta be an able somewhere you can clip in 4
Why is exo RT'ing ass 'n' tiddy mousepads
I have a better one :)
did you look at the settings?
It's everything except panels and trading event
did you download the spoiler log? I have it just in case
be prepared for at least 4-5 hours
It's glitchless logic but I'll let you use glitches if they save time
so you can do lp skip for example but nothing like ruins skips
It's fun I played it twice. might play it again tomorrow before you do
It's always goomba king, even when it's not
And now Pyramid Stone can be literally anywhere
There's literally only one spot it can't be in
jump on lava guy 4 times
Oh yeah, I caught that for a second before I went on air. You looked like you were doing pretty respectable
are there any ultra boost checks you haven't gotten?
now that's what they call a next level strat
at gdq " and for this next trick I'm gonna need you to turn out all the lights"
I dont remember the flower names well lol
no mercy for the dino shits
game over Kolorado confirmed to be a piece of shit
It has to be koops shell right?
well, not useful for the first two hours
TWINK, you had one job and it was to match with Peach and Kami.
can you kill in phase one if you super charge enough?
because this seed was not long enough already
all or nothing ruins everything again
the colors are random on every load. sorry if you don't like it
Headed home, but I'm calling 3-1-4 for fuzzies ahead of time LUL
Oh god, panels in logic earlyyyy
calling it now something on 60 star pieces
axl I think you need to check your math a bit
I heard that merlow has a crap ton of stuff
did you watch all of jokehow rando last night?
where was bombette did u see that?
try not to do anything that might break logic
@blacktiger51 no, I was watching iceblue and risch
that being said you're gonna hate the logic :)
damn yeah it was 4am for me yesterday after he got hammer
oh nice, sub 3 is a great time for a new runner
why was picking up slow go a bad thing?
would of been funny if slow go was a trap
I love the palette swap rando.
@vikihexen I believe plando still isn't in yet so no but don't quote me
random on every load is pretty cool
I hope it soon gonna use points to give you a fun plando
I would've put turn in items in bowser castle and make you go back for a key
hey you don't have to white logic for it
Bow is like a mood ring right now. It's great.
either level a little or find out some op thing
It looks fine, I just dont have any interest in it
an item that lets you carry more items. it's item-ception
I always have them on too lazy to turn them off
Koot is on, sorry I did not notice
you cant he said no cheating allowed
you can skip the cutscene once you get the pulse stone
does Merlow have anything we need?
at that point I would just put the stone in
I don't know why she did not see that lol
Parakarry's looking a bit fried rn
"Hello yes I would like to buy one coin for 1 coin" - phrases uttered by the DERANGED
I do not like your name, Goatse_Gaming
@abootoo well there's no need to be rude about it :/
It's an image I will never purge from my brain
apologize in lojban and i'll forgive
just got back where was bombette?
guess I'm blind I watch you go in there and do desert lmao
oh right you know glitches LUL
Is there any chance of this becoming a speedrun category? Seems unlikely given all the settings
I had to get an ingrown toenail removed D:
does the input display mean this is a TAS Kappa
I think you forgot to check the one from the pleasant path
there was one in the desert
wait, does Mario's colors change every loading zone?
I never knew that was a thing, I thought I was going crazy for a second
I'm finally gonna be doing a paperando stream soon
I haven't touched paperando in a hot minute, so i'll be quite rusty
Hey! Hope you are doing well homie!
pretty good, felt productive at least lmao
can at least see whats in the shop
ooooh, I just noticed the random on load colors
It's fun to my brain- This is the best way that I can describe it.
but ye, the run i'm gonna stream will just be a standard run
pretty much, yeah. it'll be saturday
Yo. All sanity but events are gone?
Also, one hour in and you already have the ultra upgrades. Nice~
lp skip and water puzzle skip are the ones I mainly do
why fight a boss when I can just.. get the star spirit
mario movie trailer drops on thursday
my only concern is cause it's illumination doing the animating
the poster looks pristine as hell
You secretly like going there though. Kappa
Oh your colors don't stay the same. They change with each new area. PogChamp
Also, Koopa Koot had the Water Stone. LUL
All these grandfathers having all the items. LUL
man, the old folks got the goods
Dang, you got a lot done in an hour.
I'll let you do laki jump just this once for bubble berry
can you test bombing the machine for me
how do the random be goin
Ch. 4 is next on the list
so hammerless 6 ss seeds are possible
If I patched rando to a jpn file does that work
time to learn kooper puzzle skip
or someone find English kooper puzzle skip
are we sure you cant just jump on them
@jokehow next seed u do u turning on English raph skip right?
I'll probably mess with it a bit next couple nights and decide
trying to just do it last night kinda sucked lol
you was so close last night too lol
I was top of the tree twice and accidentally walked before jumping YEP
just get laki easy raph skip
I remember all I had was english for runs jokehoDespair
Why did Tayce T. have the blue key. LUL
blue key checks are soil and water and red key is cloud PLEASE
I have a feeling u dipping crystal palace with blue key
I shall call her "Goth Kammy"
since adding gourmet guy skip I havent given a cake
Gourmet Guy is gonna have to cook for himself. LUL
feeling fine think u coming back for that
Where oh where is the flying mail koopa
I made it. hello phantom. hello chat. (: phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
sorry I've been non existent for a few days. just been pretty exhausted
how is this seed so far?
yep the seed is straightforward but you routing is also perfect so far
I was 3 hours in at this point
I always encounter this shy guy
Did Merlow end up having anything important
baited by the early super boots
LUL 50 stars for ultimately a trap, FeelsBadMan
phantom should I get fp or bp (ttyd)
I already have like 15 power rush lol
kooper shall was a trap? and I miss it
my bp has gone from 57 to 60 now
so just a sub goal with no time limit?
just have a static sub goal of 68/69
I didn't know it was static when I followed him lol I don't regret the follow though
dont worry I'm changing back to my original username as soon as I cam
all I hared was lp skip was fine
ooo interesting, no out of logic
as soon as I sent it too
It's not that bad if you kill the cleft lol
the bed is so much harder imo
At least you have Quick Change
I think jump x1 + Bow killed there
I mean, you could still time the jump and just get zapped
Yeah, unusual situation that would have saved a couple seconds at most from not switching partner
Don't forget the letter in the lake
I'm very proud of myself though I made the best player in the state say "What the fuck are you doing to me rn" last night
He was unaware that I can do the corner bully combo outside of the corner
Did you check how much of Rip is in logic?
Lost to jibca but that was like
The first time I genuinely felt like I could win
If it's that old, the answer is 6
Like I was a single neutral win from each game
Hello! I like your youtube rando runs. Thought I'd check out your livestream.
If you need a koopa leaf I can remind you where they are
I'll just tell you then.  ch5 shop and blue station
I feel like he's just giving you whatever he finds deep in his dresser drawers.
It's like in home one 2 when Kevin tips the bellhop his chewed gum
this is indeed a parakarry seed LUL
ever done a spoiler log run?
I like the green Watt. Reminds me of plasma kirby
a race sounds fun, I just like how it's all about routing
I think it could be really entertaining, depending on how you do it
I'm sorry to dip, but I've gotta go to bed. I can't stay awake any longer...8pm. ugh
yay no need for palace checks
Oh, I just now noticed the colors are switching each room. That's pretty cool.
oh cool, I like shorter seeds
was anything on koot this seed?
GIGACHAD only chads mess and beat up the rules to allowed lp skip?
speedy gives you less time to jump
I wonder where ultra stone is
watch it be in ch8 shop
curious where any other items are?
I'll give you you early koot haha *FARTS*#
was ultra stone on koot? @landy_00
ultra stone was behind package in gulch
Cheer10 I'm so thankful I found your channel, when I'm stressed I just enter here, sorry for my english, I'm mexican xd
mm no logic sounds like hell to play
I'm surprised this was a sub 4. this took me 6 hours phanto274Facepalm
your routing was impeccable the first half
yoooo phantom, watching from my pc
It's a Wednesday and we're fighting LP? Hmm
game keeps you on your toes
Yeah I've already seen 1 first try speedy today
speaking of that I seen the meme you retweeted about that
the dog 1? yeah no idea
always better to be ahead of the game, I gotchu
Why did you say fuck lmao
321 is dumb no one would guess that
have you had a fuzzy stay in a tree for all three jumps?
at least you didnt do a tutorial like me LMAO
phantom it was so funny holy shit
she was like reading a math problem out loud in confusion
I love long runs. it's a shame there arent more of them in it
hi man nice to meet you :D
mitzi I just got home as you ended BLUBBERS
I came from @PerMitzi 's stream
Sorry cats LUL I didnt wanna watch prologue again
phantom is my favorite spm runner
Dog island is the best game
phantom is super good at randos PepoPopcorn
I wont do it ever again Kappa
this will serve well as a tutorial for skipping tutorials
upload it to youtube. "Tutorial on how to skip tutorials for mitzi"
ever since I got back I havent got speedied and now since ive said that I will be speedied
"how to be good at paper mario for stupid vtuber people."
Oh yea! I'm part of that team!
reed is a character in bug fables, hiiiii
We hosted a charity event at my house a few days ago LOL
This is easily in my top 3 chapters from the PM series. Probably nostalgia driven tbh
he doesn't sound like a ghost though
......AS THE FREAKING BOO SOUNDS PLAYS FUCK
It saves like 6 overall, ~10.8 on jr
faster 88% of the time PepeComfy
yeah I go slightly out of notch
Rando just getting faster. Or this whenever I practice
Idr how much it saves but it's not bad to learn
If you stay near the bottom of the screen you'll get a speed boost from the wall + curve of the room
look how they massacred my boy
I only had audio so it was neat
I'm surprised my commentary didnt suck for not knowing shit about rando lol
yeah brain is filled with the sauce
I'm excited to see more pape bingo in the future
there is a super cringe hurricane route that does that movement and blows up the wall there
A white monster fan. Nice to see you have good taste
I wish they had a caffeine and such free version. I truly just want to drink them for the taste
me too at first and I was like
what could you have possibly reset to
I wouldve just given them to you
I have the exact timing for m4's pb but it's for my split timing lmao
phantom do you run win10 or 11?
bc of my processor for some reason lol
the thought of my pb still being compared to when it's on an outdated route and also old as hell is weird to me lol
the most you'd reasonably do different might be a completely different fight
I can't remember if my pb was before or after I rerouted bowser
yeah 2 5 caps make para completely safe
my average in any% is  like 35 seconds slower than my pb
because I haven't won for deadass like a year
I don't win unless the fight is safe or the run doesn't matter lmfao
If I ever regain my motivation I'm just deleting my risky pbs and grinding safe routes
Ok but not saving Stanley just starts the story for outbound ghost
gonna have to read to ign guide :tf:
surely gamefaqs will return to form
Me, having a gamefaq guide up for ff13 until I 100% it
I'd turn a blind eye to a yakkey trickshot
Is text skip actual rng or movement based?
Well, I might have good movement in 1 room then.
should have went for a 20 cap
"what the hell did I do" timesave is my favorite timesave
It's like a gift every single run
I used to suck at it when I started lmao
but I never had trouble with like lp block
It does feel real good to block lightning
What's the visual cue for wave? Asking for a friend
I miss lightning a lot more often than wave
I press a when the beam touches parakarry
Well youll have to get to final and show it off then I guess
yeah you can look at the background tiles too, there's a good line there
Well it will now that I cursed  it
no I think he can wave as his last attack
If he can, then he will almost every time
he counts turbo charge as a boost to remove
you're repelled though so it's not bad
unlikely is not impossible. my students wish it were tho
final killed me but the run was already dead
I lost 2 minutes to door 2 and stopped wanting it
I could've narrowly 1:43ed anyway if bowser behaved it hink
my students truly hate that even though 1:trillion isn't 0, it is
okay jk watching peach scene is too long I give up
@mx_four ah so of course hallway behaved
yeah that is no doubt why lmao
I'm deliberating a 1:41 grind now
I didn't sincerely think I could get 1:41 until earlier
the two things my students hate are statistics and frame of refrence issues (ie time/space/speed)
I passed AP stats with a D- EZ
worst class in all of my schooling by a mile
@mx_four oh no. I mean good luck, but oh no
don't let me do it audio
I do chemistry so most of my math is calc
Nah I wanna see you bop morph
but now I do hs math so it's alegebra
@mx_four friends dont let friends grind pape any%
friends dont let friends grind pape any%
for one brief, glorious second I thought you meant there was a bn rando
Flights to seattle are now below 280
Oh so now there is a chance for wave
ohhp did I get here just at the right time? PrideLaugh
not that any earlier moment wouldnt have been
@mx_four not me spending 2 minutes trying to understand the poop/toilet flush joke before finally undersanding
Since the price for the flight went down like 30 bucks for port I have justified buying the first trails of cold steel
a bn rando would be so giga difficult to make. how do you open up the game
I would take peril beeps - danger mayro taught me well in both this and ttyd jcogComfy
Ah I should go to that
Are you excited to have a party house in a month
Guess I joined at a good time :)
I am installing trails of cold steel 1
I am ready to lose 100 hours of my life
I didn't think it'd get that level of reaction but I'm excited LOL
Just missed glitchless clintB took the wind right out of my sails lol
I keep trying to find time to play 2, but I havent had enough time
I wanted to buy it on switch for flights and whatever
But they only put 3 on switch
@RuneRavenFP you in for 1 hell of a ride enjoy
I'd recommend playing on hard if you're used to rpgs TacoGuyy or else the fights are too easy imo
let us know who bae is
Did you start at level 4?
Ah ok. Couldn't remember if it was 3 or 4
@AudioBlood How fast do I see all the chars in this one
Cause if I see them all quickly I can decide like instantly
you meet them all in the prologue
well, most of them I guess. there's a few more but those are... different kinda
I cant explain why because spoilers
but you meet all the important waifu contenders
Jcog giving you a gift to start my god
Dang, I guess we really don't fight LP on weekdays
so does this tell you what's in logic or do you have to figure it out yourself?
erm actually phantom goombario was in there
phantom5800: I would probably buy parakarry
mx_four: phantom5800: I would probably buy parakarry
mx_four: phantom5800: I would probably buy parakarry
there was nothing in that block?
fates was the game with the blue haired dancer right
Fates was the game with incest and plotholes
ok but also the dancer right
Leave game of thrones alone taco
yeah I didn't care for fates lol
I don't remember the incest but I believe you lmfao
Their S support is also just corrin watching her shower and then they get married
how did that make it past the localization censors
It's a shame conquest has actual good maps
The other 2 are shit tho
Oh yea you could rub your women in fates in JP
I hate when the woke western audiences stop me from rubbing my women
TacoGuyy: I hate when the woke western audiences stop me from rubbing my women I can't wait for the bot to pick that up
maybe they just did not care
like there's no way they didn't know right
There are unused dub lines in the files for the petting game
I wish I could pet largo in fe9 :(
They also got rid of the controllable hot springs camera
you can overlap grabbingt hat star piece with the kolorado cutscene in vanilla
Can't wait for stuff to be locked behind ch7 scaled general guy
do not tell kooperisstraightass that I'm here
yea he's not on twitch much anymore lol
he's in my discord though and sometimes says stuff
Beating 4 isn't in logic until you see Mystery Note anyway :)
If you're not going to 7, literally no reason not to other than using the BP for something else
What is up with all of the money this seed
Pyramid Stone was 50 Star Pieces
I think jcog was pretty low leveled when he was doing these going into final
phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Smile  24k points, boutta drop a seed
I'm extremely interested in these seeds
ooo the race settings he was trying?
I may just be playing vanilla for a while though
4 chapters I assume off the tracker
This is practically the windwaker race settings
WW seeds just tell you to complete specific dungeons and only those are in logic
I was talking to icebound about how to shorten the average length and we had some decent ideas
and that's before I knew about this
Is this to make the races shorter? or just to experiment?
he doesn't think the rando team can be easily talked into making stuff easier so I suggested setting hp/fp plus badges to 0-1 bp and starting us w/all 6 of them on race settings
make it easier to build a mario that can fight bowser
Using the shroom steak to heal? WutFace
I tried staring at level 3/4 and only needing 4 star spirits with the current settings a few times and it doesn't seem too bad that way. Not as fast as this but you still do more
Laki got captured by the multi-colored Shy Guy crew.
level 3 with 10/10/6 and the guaranteed hp/fp plusses would be the dream
How he got captured, nobody knows
with those stats you could probably have a decent bowser even if you only leveled once
Spend half your coins on Chet immediately, profit
I also suggested we make the inn toad max out your boots/hammer if you take a nap
the inn toad in peach's castle
should be more clear on that lol
What about the Star Haven inn?
honestly I'd be fine w/star haven inn too
the idea was just that you'd have to go out of your way a bit w/peach'sc astle
that way it's still better to get em earlier
just as long as we won't have ppl end up fucking themselves on stats/upgrades with fewer mandatory chapters
also maybe a way to trade star pieces for partner upgrades would be good too
and only have access to a couple blocks
I think there's a lot that can be done to make rando more accessible to new players, and those features would be more important in a race w/only a few star spirits necessary
Sewer upgrades are more valuable with these settings
Ultra Hammer/Dark Koopas would be if you're going for 5/3 anyway
I will occasionally fight something if i'm still level 1 heading into high level lp or something
otherwise I just kill the things I run into lol
It's not a funny one but I do have some things I would like to say to this bitch
Phantom prolly already understands so I don't need to say more we can enjoy the paper mario lol
yea I have a vague idea
I'm out, have a good night
Life Shrooms were in a shop
But if you don't find repels, Life Shrooms can be a backup 4Head
Rip Cheato and sewers bc Laki
And you can get an upgrade
Do you need 2 on full gear shuffle?
what is so experiential about this seed?
Is 2 3 and 7 chosen deliberatley? or at random?
@PerMitzi  are you still here? :0
do you just not get some of the star spirit powers? or are they given to you?
who the fuck is this in this unban request and why are they so salty
There's so much in Jungle though?
You can go all the way to Raph before Yoshis if you want
It's like 10 checks vs 3
And 2 of the Yoshis checks don't even exist until you beat 5
oooh so a 4 chapter star rod?
5 in deep jungle + 1 on Raph's tree + Raph
+ Spear Guy ? block + Sushie room
There are a lot of non-Yoshis checks but a second trip may be slow enough for it to be worth phanto274Shrug
And I guess at 1-scaled it doesn't really matter, if it were hard, I'd probably save the non-fight Yoshis, open the shortcut, and wait until I need the others
maybe YOU'RE not required to THEM
damn he REALLY appreciated you saving those kids
A flower saver for the yoshi saver
Goombario is held hostage by a shy guy
so I tried a pokemon like's demo on steam...and had to stop because the font sizes were too bvad on the deck and I was getting eye strains
@aldelaro5 I had a uni friend who became a real Temtem person
temtem I heard didn't had a good economy and made stuff worse over time
I haven't asked him about it but I see it on the steam friends list
so I didn't really pay much attention
Idk man I feel this genre can go somewhere, but it hasn't really...got there yet
Coromon is quite fun for sure
I hit a point where I have to stop and grind levels for my mon's though
It's right before the 2nd major boss battle is where I'm having to grind
I dunno, I spent like 50 hours killing the same things in FF10 for a trophy
boss is level 35, so I just gotta pull my mon's up to the same level
what if anti-guy took off his mask and it was you underneath
the FFX tidus laugh still lives rent free in my head, Lol
Hey Phantom, how's the seed going today? phanto274BLANKIES
how's this seed experimental btw? did it actually came from a plant?
are you liking it or will you stick with 7 spirits?
I was just a wee kid getting excited about blitzball back then. 100% I want FFXIV to give us a blitzball minigame at some point too
I would buy 14 if it had blitz
But everything 14 related. Give them all my gil
so you're feeling it out, okay
It's probably cool to learn rando on? Like where things are and basic game stuff if you aren't familiar
you checked the ultra blocks in the sewers right?
I'm telling so many mods on you
It feels easier than flarakarry imo
they said so many times these plants cant move right? How do they talk to each other? How do they know each other?
also just take rosie's item, what is she gonna do? chase you?
this is actually just a duplighost, you have the real laki with you
Nope rowf has both on sets 3 and 4
the mysterious note tells us why he's named spike
So are you missing a hammer? For antiguy logic
so how bad do you think the mario movie trailer is gonna be tomorrow
It depends on the level of sobriety I consume it at
yeah I dont care either but I got a bingo card for fun
I forgot it was tomorrow which tells you how much I care lol
I just saw a "dawn of the final day" post with it on tumblr so thats how I know lmao
wait so those chapters arent required but you can get items for them?
feels like they should just be vanilla for their key items
Got all the bushes in ch1?
did u do blooper chest, I just re-tuned in
just do ultra skip no one is looking
2 greens, 1 red, dark blue
I was gonna say, 6 spirits in 1:45... haha
experimenting for weekly, might adopt this
I was p sure jcogs "race mode" would just make the seed super linear and p boring
god damn, 10 coins? cheap af
do you know which chapters you need ahead of time?
man as I got older I really dont like kolorado
2 hour point on the seed is your 350th hour mark. Wild timing
Oh yeah power bomb is free
It was in the store room
Then the parade at the end is a funeral procession
literally going to places and robbing them calling it "archeology"
(sarcasm) wowwww you have all star spirits at 1:54?? god seed
did anyone else see john oliver?
not since I took my meds
he just had an episode on museums robbing stuff from people
praying you dont need any life shrooms
why couldnt that thing fly up to peach's castle? it didnt have to go in the mouth
Its lime skittle, I mean boogerette, I mean bombette
coulda gone all the way up that the platform in the sky!
It confirms my matpat game theory that star spirits... are actually EVIL?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! WHOOOOOOA
they have the power to grant any wish yet people are still sad and stuff
they literally say they dont grant certain wishes
and for me to have $20
holy MOLY you got to Bowser's quickly
You got the name right. Thank you.
why are you so bad at the game?
crazy. I haven't played this game in ages so I think it's awesome stuff like this is done
I love randomizers, brings a fresh way to play an old game
YEAH WELL I LOVE YOU SO HMPH
use the pipe and get more shrooms
@Benzene31415 Yeah, found out there was one for Final fantasy 9 recently so plan to try that out and see how it goes
he's an rando expert, he'll be right
this game is extreme arithmetic simulator
never save in an active lp
one of my bingo card slots is a reference to gay bowser in the mario movie
I'm hearing good things about Nier Switch????? Wot
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh word has it that the Switch version runs better than the PS4 version??????????
why doesnt math solve it's OWN problems???
bowser always looks so cute dead like that
I'm not ready for a sub 2 hour seed
If y'all enjoyed the stream, I'd recommend check out the YouTube channel
Phantom uploads his streams frequently, check out his Pokemon Crystal Randos, they're just as excellent as the Paper randos
I played OW with a friend and it was a better time solely because he could actually fucking heal so I could play tank lol
what y think of super Mario movie
Was the white ass mario voice
Man what's the point of auto deploy sometimes in arknights if it fucks up sometimes lol
I just want my upgrade mats >:(
I need to upgrade my healers cause they can't keep up anymore lol
can you believe it took mario 20 minutes to realize he can brace himself for attacks and take less damage
Also my core dps has a trait that makes it so she is always rapidly dying and gets damage buffs above 80% health
So I gotta keep her alive
I posted about the state of hammerles in rando and icebound said they have a patch file that could turn jp kooper skip back on so maybe someday COPIUM
Phantom can you hurry up? I just wanna get to the holding B for 6 minutes split, it's the most important one
ye I'd rather work around logic for that
Did you see random's bowser fight
every jpn runner is gonna vote to add credits back to timing
He got 2 3 caps and then stomp took items
After hallway also gave him a close call because power shock is dogshit LUL
Oh and he had a 7 cap in phase 1
It was a slow fight but the game didn't want him to lose LUL
I was up until 5:30 watching it but it was worth
I was listening to the vod at work
I was just watching as I was killing my hands with jacko
I feel like I wish Jr had 15% more lore
there should be a jr segment after every peach segment
He's def annoying, but like who laid the egg?
Sr. Troopa beefing with Koopa Koot
THey took down the OW servers for maintenance will they be fixed
I still havent seen a double dink
I got 5 single dinks in a row which was pretty cringe
I think it balanced me out for a couple weeks
So we comparing dink sizes now
OMEGALUL what was the speedy streak that made you switch carts
yeah I think I have like 50-60 runs worth of data
Who needs a woman when pape will always fuck me <3
Apparently, the tattle log for Jr Troopa says, "His hobbies are working out and ordering stuff by mail" that will pacify me for now.
the real prediction should be which try speedy will phantom get
I'm so bad at brain timing
I put it up to 7, just in case
It's about +20s when you enter the cutscene
10 points on 7 this is my lottery ticket
I think my pb is 6
Phantom I need to teach you windwaker so you can beat my pg skip pb
My pb for that is 12 :)
I forgot to guess but I was wrong anyways
People freaked out about that girl getting fucked on stream but pape runners do it every day
don't get fucked too hard Prayge
Ok time to lurk as I practice gapless jacko shit and kill my hands
mitzi do be bombette pushing tho
Ok so the combo I sent you last night is even better on heavies
Because I can run under them and setup corner bully even faster
I have no clue why the characters that fall faster are the only ones I can run under in that combo LOL
But they deserve it so idgaf
After 3 moles in your pb you had 96 points
after level up on 4 you had 28
I'm glad your pb had all the numbers I needed lol
I'll be back in 5 minutes to collect my prediction reward
I can't do the prediction cause I put money in so uhhh
We simply never have to complete it :)
because that is the state of millia
kazamsClownglub this one is for when people pick millia anyway
the image for this one is great
:opa: I found the bald cat ohrocks likes
ruins jump to save the run :tf:
lets see how the well goomba jumps are feeling tonight
y0. only an hour late. lets go! how's the run going?
gotta have faith. I believe in you phantom.
playing games the intended way? have you gone mad??
Do you have any thoughts on the mario movie
for 30 years, I have not followed or even slightly interested in politics. I'm slowly learning how insane the world is and it's kinda intriguing. I've made a mistake.
I came in with low expectations and was pleasantly surprised
papa John's is my savior tonight.
Pita Pizzas are a great budget pizza option. Just pretend that a pita is the dough and top it. In the oven just to enough to melt the cheese
my pizza tier meter: top tier is Boston Pizza, Pizza Hut. mid tier is Domino's and Papa Johns. bottom tier is Little Caesar's and Pizza Pizza
just the chains we have available here
I'm never disappointed with Little Caesars b/c I know what I'm in for so it's actually higher up my list for consistency alone
Nothing like paying more for bad pizza
this would be a nice pace pal pb
Chris Pratt's Mario is pretty good
I still don't understand why people didn't like Chris Pratt's voice line
with actual voices they sound better and feel like actual characters instead of the one note that Mario is in the games
I still wish it was live action
I actually wouldn't even take Mario seriously
even though it's a kid's movie
nothing can because we have gourmet guy, every other chapter isn't good because of their lack of gourmet guy.
I'm eating a big ass burrito rn I'm grubbing
stir fry sounds good rn too
I havent made that joke in a couple weeks sorry
oh are you doing faster cave
I will never do this lure GIGACHAD
BRO r u paying the Super Mario Bros Movie video game POGGIES
How many times has that joke been made today?
bowser was good, mario was just as bad as I thought
also confirmed isekai, I knew it I fucking knew it
I gotta admit Jack Black was awesome and then Mario was just Chris Pratt LMAOOO
jack black brings his A game to animated projects
I can't believe the dragon warrior is going to kidnap princess peach
bro Po's actually dad is Walter White
strop the stream and go to 123movies right NOW
no but fr, watch them they're such good movies
I bit the bullet and got pape 64 for the switch
and not to sound like that other dude, but I swear it keeps dropping my inputs
WTF YOU'RE ANSWERING WRONG YOU'RE BLOWING IT
boss you killed a child...? AMAZING MISSION COMPLETE! that right there is why you're the best boss
you could cry about it.. maybe punch someone
wishing runs started in mt rugged :(
ch1 good when you don't have to finish it
what if before you fought bowser he just exploded instantly? That would save time
he literally got hit by lightning
nah I was here for most of 7
I think I know why that happened but it was pretty unfortunate
I think he may have been too low and bc he had to travel back upwards towards the middle he caught sight of you
but like that was so far away from the bush I'm surprised he was able to notice you anyway
yeah like I noticed when you landed you kinda went downleftish to get his attention and he went low a bit
If you do the same thing but go straight left when you land it should be safe
that second room was clean af
yeah I watched your input display and was like damn this is exactly what I do
fuck I forgot that's cursed af now
lost 10s to save 17 GIGACHAD
Tell Jr that it's prime day and skip the fight. It's wiki certified lore that he can't resist
you skipping final save? all or nothing
Even in rando when it's "only" 2 minutes
What was up with the double damage?
lopez whyd you ping so late
lost to getting fire while repelled Unlucky
I literally had pacepals up since door 2 but was like I aint pinging til past jr
u literally pinged mid phase 2 final LOL
I waited til after t2 bc t2 lol
the first thing I saw clicking immediately was the 4 dmg on the last bounce
and apparently that was overkill NiceSoftlock
and I only remembered at t1
I just want Paper Luigi and the Waffle Kingdom
I've done two runs in a day twice and yeah, it's tough lmao
my brain was melting at the end
martzy did 3 back to back once
I don't know what possessed him to do so
welcome to the party raikou glenn
just press the A button to kill them 4Head
well now you have whirlpool as well
I'm just wrong about that whoops
one day i'll learn the hms
mom needs to use her own money to get dolls
what are the requirements for me to see baby seed
at that point it's just grinding up to level 70
hey phantom. how's your weekend going?
I was up at 5am. for no particular reason.
that damn sleep schedule won't let me sleep in.
thinking about going to a hockey game tonight, but I have noone to go with and I really don't want to go by myself. lol. but I really want to go. -.-
I'll probably end up going for a period and be content.
It's USHL, but it's the first game of their regular season and should be a good game.
@iAmKrisXx just take us with you
give you all a play by play. how annoying would that be. l0l
Imagining if pape dinks sounded like bike bumps
In my head it's better :)
does the bot just randomize src and pick a random game and category?
I've made up my mind. I'll be going to the hockey game by myself. just to get out of the house. lol.
probably leave here in an hour ish. so you're stuck with me until then. bahaha
ditto using a move is weird
hey phantom! have a good stream today :)
I have seen nothing of it
I watched void play it on early access launch
Ideally this cold steel game lasts me until port so I don't plan on playing it lol
That's certainly a Pokemon that you have there.
toad and rigby are playing it so it can't be bad
my 1st playthrough of cold steel was like 70 hours
I am gonna do my best to get every sidequest done in this game tho
Worst case scenario I just go to a smash local, make money, and buy 2 earlier than expected lol
I don't wanna go to a smash local rn though
@RuneRavenFP yeah that what I did some side quests are hidden so you might need to look at a guide
How soon do I start having hidden shit
I'm currently on the first mission thing in the merchant town
@RuneRavenFP You should see a doctor about this.
@VikiHexen I can hide my shit if I want
@blacktiger51 Ok I will make sure to waddle my ass around each area then
@RuneRavenFP you planning to play all 4 right?
That does sound like a terrible strat
I want the bot to sin
It sounds to me like he has mega rush, +3 attack from the X attacks and getting 8 power bounces
@RuneRavenFP if you need any help or whatever ask me I have the platinum for all 4
@blacktiger51 I've been chilling so far but if I do I'll def lyk
I like the combat a lot
And I want to get rid of elliot
@RuneRavenFP cool enjoy its by far my fav game series
we love beating up the little girl and her cow
Also @blacktiger51 I forget if it was you or someone else the other day to state my waifu choice and it is currently laura
@RuneRavenFP wasn't me but good choice
@RuneRavenFP after you play more I will tell you mine
Which game are you two talking about anyways?
I like Fie's personality so far but she is baby so maybe in the next games when she is no longer baby
If you like jrpg viki you should try it out
Is it worth playing them in order, or are some of the games kinda trash?
Trails in the sky looked really fun I just don't have patience for old JRPG's, I just read the story
But I honestly will likely go back for it eventually
Cause it was a very good story
yes starting with sky is the best but that wasn't possible for me @VikiHexen
what's the difference between jrpg and rpg?
but along as you start with either sky zero or cold steel is fine
@RuneRavenFP if you go back like I did you will be spoiled hard
Just to confirm, on Steam, they're just in order as Trails of Cold Steel, Trails of Cold Steel II, III, IV, correct?
Mkay. So Sky is the first one, got it.
Sky SC is 2 and I forget the 3rd one's name
But it's another sky something lol
The numbering of cold steel is appreciated LOL
did you know that in terms of
wait shit I meant to just delete LOL
I clicked the wrong icon woops
the 'you are banned' pop up was very amusing for me
the best order to play is sky fc sky sc sky 3rd zero azure (not in English) then cold steel
@blacktiger51 Can you say this one more time but in English, please. (Steam ordering)
'Cause they use simplified names on Steam for them.
Trails in the sky is just trails in the sky on steam, SC has SC in the logo, and 3 has 3 in the logo
trails in the sky fc trails in the sky sc trails in the sky the 3rd trials from zero trails to azure ( next year) then cold steel  1
Steam orders them correctly when you type in trails in the sky
But yea the story of the trilogy is great because the reason it's 3 games is because they just blatantly couldn't fit the size of the story they wanted into 1
oh that's for trails in the sky my b LUL
3 sky games 2 crossbell games 4 cold steel games
man I can't wait till like gen 7 when you can actually see your character getting on the back of your fly pok'mon
you're gonna be in for a treat when blaine asks about those burn heals and you have none
I was distracted xd I thought it was a normal shiny
I don't know what a "cupbop" is, but I want one
I want a mcdonald's cactus plant flea market meal
My mom just got one like 2 hours ago when we went
And i'm not making that name up
It's a happy meal with a bigmac pretty much
check ur discord dms when you get a sec
I sent a picture of the menu I'm looking at
and now you can evolve a nidorina
I don't take sauce no ketchup either
I also eat my nuggets dry
I don't take sauce on anything
Only good chicken requires no sauce
BRett killed someone with rob up air at 60
Why do people Di that bad
phantom what the hell man LUL
@blacktiger51 I missed something what did he do?
whatever a "cupbop" is, I saw a bowl of food on a menu, and said bowl turns to fuckin GINORMOUS when it shows up to a table
@Garioairio I am a fucking giraffe  LUL
Elliot did his first useful thing
@RuneRavenFP he actually a good character
Seed gend with raikou in mind, internally doesn't learn an electric move
I'd sing the diglett dig song
2 for 2 on Pok'mon fitting me
make sure you keep string shot for all those useful instances
are you doing all these checks from memory?
got back into playing Star Force 3.
the restrictions to the custom menu isn't worth the tradeoff for having no chip codes to deal with
you still down for a co op rando tomorrow
ye I'll just wait until youre finished
I'll gen a seed or two tonight and send em
I'll take off the cursed stuff in my logic dw
so you won't have to do the lucky day trading quest?
I turned on hammerless npc clipping
Idk how much I regret it yet
I didn't even know that was possible
lmao yeah I'm gonna add eng raph skip to the seeds good idea tiger
good practice for phantom and i
It could just always have kolorado getting his ass beat in that room
make sure laki is behind the tree so laki raph skip is not possible
Want some chicken caesar salad? : D
I've never had it but i'll take you up on that offer @vikihexen
I've never HWAD chicken ceased salad
I added so much Parmesan cheese. <3
I'm gonna start calling it chicken ceased salad from now on.
LIFESWORD'S AN AXE IN STAR FORCE SERIES?!!?!?
Oh. What abomination of an HM slave am I today?
Some Emulators also let you map multiple things to the same function.
It's always water types with you.
water pokemon really don't like you
redeemed Ban an in-game Action: O 1,000 : Hitting water Pokemon
maybe you will find zap cannon Kappa
phantom have you tried getting the tm for thunderbolt yet
I'm finally go run a paperando on stream today
It's gonna be slow, cause i'm not great at routing
@WEEGEE666 Just beat your head against chapter six until something happens. This is what Phantom does.
I saw the look of hatred after you read that. Haha.
but yeah, i'm just gonna do race settings, but skip LP
It's okay. I'll be strong for you. And I'll flash you while I'm at it.
I feel like we'd take thundershock at this point
I mean, it's at least the same type
rando could benefit from the "use another repel?" prompt the new games have
@MVD_731 have you heard of a "cupbop"????
Why would we make jesse someone when he just got 2-0'd by plablordgaming
@RuneRavenFP yeah but I beat DQ
It's a badge at least, tho
you didn't say something good, specifically
Why would you send him something on discord
That's not where you send jesse things
Is this the blue key checks equivalent
Yea fuck you I'd do it again
Have I ever told you about my competitive Quagsire? I don't think so?
Quagsire with Leftovers, the Unaware ability, EQ, Scald, Recover (Egg move), and Stockpile (Egg move). Can't be set up on, gets to+3 Def and +3 Sp Def.
Scald to fight against toxic users.
No one could do a thing about it.
The sheer amount of people that tried to set up against my Quagsire was hilarious.
Only for their hits to do no damage.
What the Christmas was this cave?
I don't think this can be plando'd yet
Ooh. Would you be willing to let me plando a run for you?
Cool. We'll sort that out later.
Am I on your Discord? I can't remember.
bot thinks movie theaters will be too expensive by april
This What emote can go die in a fire.
out of logic go find flash now
Do you have something against Gen 1 randos?
gen 1 is a broken game, firered fixed all the problems
this is gonna be a tough red
LUL we finished at the same time
first chapter was cake, rest was ass
Its one of those where you dont find enough to cleat a chapter for like 2 hours
cake and ass, the essential food groups
so it wanted me to go to ruins with only one key to get weight, to get toy train in the mansion. I hate those
after 2 and half hours I finally cleared toy box [2nd ch] which falph had kooper opening up 1 and 7 then I found my footing
If I just got my starter and my first encounter was a dragonite I'd shit myself
still have raikou on the screen
man, super early master ball is always fun
food is amazing once y ou end stream
my local got a copy of super metroid in, letting it go for 69.99
nah, he is pretty fair with prices but naturally pokemon is still high
he had silver for 50 and I was super tempted
would be fun to stream it with stadium
Are GB Tower speedruns a thing?
I told my brother Bleach is coming to HULU and he said he would share with me. Holy Shit hulu has good shows! King of the Hill, Rick and Morty, Sonic Boom, Animaniacs, ect.
Other day I was browsing netflix and gave up after 15 minutes
Imagine doing +6 special +2 speed and getting hazed OMEGALUL
Wigglytuff looks like someone shit on its face LMFAO
why'd wigglystuff set themself up for pain
yo what? gamefreak did cute sprites of slippers in the houses
Laura is now officially on tha squad
Now I have actual damage for sidequests
Blue hair prick is also mad at me now
I got hoes I don't need him
kinda wish I was a jolteon at this point now
at least I got some levels
I mean, being the second pokemon gotten, i'm pretty much guaranteed to be HM slave
If we get a fire attack, that would be hype
Person who drew RF art I kept retweeting followed me back and added me to a list called mutuals lol
The list is a buncha art tho
I guess they like my retweets and I also have rf in my name currently lol
Maybe they were jjust sold by my pinned tweet
And baseball with the boys is big everywhere
Esam overslept from a nap before he had to play kameme
He barely didn't get DQ'd and lost to sora 3-1
He kept doing QA into him so kameme naired in place
Loaf lost like right away and lucky's in top32
Everyone's doors are closed for me in the dorms except for lauras Flushed
The teacher is still trying to give me free alcohol
It won't let me say yes
If a hot teacher like sara offer me alcohol I am taking it
You're an hour and twenty in, and what do you have to show for it?
It's another one of those days.
my hand was just slightly left
Nice Suicune and Mew, random gym punk.
hopefully my paperando run goes well
get a new one then smh
See, the issue is that I'm not your main Pokemon.
heads u are lucky this time
battle of the mid water type moves
you see this shit phantom :)
I just got back from the hockey game and you're still on. it's my lucky day!
I left a little early to have a beer with a friend. lol
Ok that artist is RT'ing my retweets so that's def why they followed LOL
you know why your first run did well?
because you didn't name a pokemon after me.
there is 2 of me afterall
runs over. I'm in the game now.
y0. a max revive. that could be clutch.
but that specific max revive...will be clutch.
Snorlax revenge xd for defeated it in last seed
my dog is also very happy I'm home. he's already sleeping next to me.
I can't remember what they're called
sorry. I've had a few beers tonight. eek
now that I'm here. things are going to shit.
Hey Phantom, how's your night going? phanto274BLANKIES
@iamkrisxx hey, I'm doing good, how are you? fifiFlower
@str9ngest9r I'm tipsy, but doing very well. I've had food and now laying down for the night. lol
@iamkrisxx lol sounds like a good Saturday right there
by food, I mean a handful of oreos.
heck yeah. I went to a hockey game and had a few beers and to end it with oreos and a stream. life be good.
I'm sorry btw. I feel Luke I've scared off everyone.
So, a seven hour seed, you mean.
Bobbywasabi got knocked out by a doc
If I was the poliwrath I'd kill it in 0 hits
so close to a fly less seed
It would be funny if fly was in the electric plant, where the machine parts belong
you said you want a high lvl pokemon right
check the spoiler logs after this for fly
phanto274BLANKIES  hody, hows your weekend been?
that is the nature of rando lol
was a fun seed last week :)
do you like/dislike forced using logic?
But seriously though, GL HF, just got done commentating a weekly meself
Prime 1 on Sunday. Prime 2 on Saturday (If my hands aren't full with Majora's Mask
Oh yeah, Prime/Echoes Rando mcan get real fancy
I'm of the opinion that the weekly rando rules would be better if you could do any glitches you want with the restriction that you can't break logic
Oh, are PapeRaces actively seeking volunteers? Not much I can do besides commentate the weekly, but I think I might give them a ring.
that is what I am saying
that was originally what I wanted
for beginners it's probably not great but
the ruleset now is fine though
If you don't know water staircase skip you're just automatically behind someone else
I feel like time saving glitches should be kinda standard
bow skip after boo portrait Kreygasm
like skipping that bird in chapter 2
water staircase skip is easier then that
V sad I'm just now leaving work
If you drive home at 400 mph you might make it
clippy boots if you have ultra hammer Kappa
pressing the B button at the block is a lot of work
I have a conscientious objection to the use of the ultra hammer
there's just a few things on our list that really bother me lol
Nice work jynxing it for this race
namely the laki jump for the bubble berry checks lmao
lp skip is in contention for the easiest glitch in the entire game
I just watched a vid now its free every time
you have to literally try so hard to fail lp skip
I still safety save before it but still
I still hope both this, Metroid Dread Rando and Prime/Echoes Crossgame Multiworld get into AGDQ
A glitched logic race would be fun to watch
I will never forget the seed I once had when kooper was the shooting star in red station
and the kooper check in the volcano was a progression item
I got volcano push block room skip first time ever
I would prob join for a glitched logic race
wow LP skip really is free
UHS is free, the volcano jump is hard
along as it no lzs I don't care will learn everything else
It'll be 5:00 ET they said
I think 15 after is the latest
well this is still a pb candidate regardless
pape races should force start 10 or 15 after imo
hello I'm here for that paper
Yeah, we imposed some stricted startup times for the Echoes Weeklies after some slow restream starts
Is final bowser easier on those?
We don't have coding in place to scale ch 8 in any way
4 star spirit just kinda feels like asking people to challenge bowser underprepared
that's the only reservation I have about it
(That's my similarity to yeetus deletus)
I've had private conversations about how to resolve that
So you're saying there's a chance
of course a laki start in glitchless logic yay
simply clippy over to watt Kappa
I need some spice. My Prime rando weekly was about as linear as you could get
But yeah it was all Ball Upgrades and Suits immediately followed by Beam > Beam > Final Beam.
332 was the number we were looking for.
Meh, it's upscaled but not by much
Errrrr, nvm, that's like CH 5-6
Now all we need is to buy a cheap scarf
What was that about no star pieces? LUL
yeah think you need to go back
It's just an obvious logic break
That seems always early lately in Glitchless races
not his fault the hammer hitbox can pick up a item I see nothing wrong here
You started out strong then.....well I just have no idea
park 2 any% not fun. park 2 all friends tomorrow
time for another silly logic break
Now we can go to Ch. 5
And while you're at it, you can go pick up Goombario from the daycare
Wait, does that mean... no saving yoshis? :(
that snowman doll might be clutch
Watt not feeling so good today
I knew about taking your stuff, but I did not know he could heal lmao
bowser if he was made of dust bunnies
Is there a wave I should know about?
He's what you call a mini boss. Kappa
A mini boss is a major annoyance
they prob turn on when you talk to kolorado
this might be the fastest ch5 clear seed i've ever seen on assumed fill
on forward I know one of the first races we ever did I got the card at like 32mins
made it to the race! let's go!! gl phantom!!
was that like 7 star points and a coin
Every time I can make it to a race, something goes horribly wrong FeelsBadMan
seed generator making up for last week
BizHawk decided it didn't want to run at more than 40 FPS
I was able to find a few of the partners before giving up on my emu, where did you find Kooper?
I went to the Summit early but gave up on the seed after the Fuzzies
Yeah, all the partners you have were easy to find but I imagine some might not find Sushie until later
This seed, you just get to pick up the Melody, say hi to Goombario, and leav
You can beat 4 as soon as you can enter, that's convenient
hey Phantom! good luck and have fun with the race :)
so how about that sportsball today?
How about those game of sports, huh?
If you allowed Flara-laki (?) then argueing against other uses of clipping with laki becomes harder
I imagine if someone decided to bomb push Kolorado instead of breaking the blocks, no one would care that much Kappa
Idk. it was random. lol. people like their football on Sundays. I call it sports ball because I'm not huge into football. lol
then again, early ruins with laki jump isnt allowed, so uhhh
Ruins with Ultra Boots isn't even really a glitch lol
just pasting what is glitch logic? Is that in vanilla, wow.
Time for one of the best tracks in the game
just pasting what is glitch logic? Is that in vanilla, wow.
just pasting what is glitch logic? Is that in vanilla, wow.
It's slow but it works and you're not using anything better that Super Shroom phanto274Shrug
Cake Mix to the rescue WutFace
On the bright side, you got a level up.
I don't know if there are renewable Life Shrooms this seed but there's Repels in Harry's shop iirc
I'll have to send that to rainchus. He gave us a fix for that months ago, I thought this was resolved
Was about to say. "Sometimes" is so much worse than "never" or "always"
so you're gonna upgrade goombario right?
the game really wants you to have them. lol
that was like what 7 coins each
Hi jokehoMow How does co-op work?
Remind me again where the Weight was?
Oh boy, forced to either fight LP with normal boots and no Ice Power or double dip Volcano YEP
yellow yoshi does not take the juice?
do we know why those specific items the yoshi will not accept?
I've seen 5BP All or Nothing get used on multiple occasions so definitely usable
Well at least you don't have Blue/Red Key
Now it's REALLY time to go to 7
At least the next time will be just for the Star Spirit (assuming you don't get super lucky and just find the Palace Key)
Do you pay Rip before entering 7? Hmm
not very good, but it was decent practice
that fight is a nightmare in certain circumstances
which is dumb cuz he's usually free
You were literally saved by Cake Mix
Did you just see the Chill Out badge? Or am I making that up
there was meant to be a raid but ig it glitched?
You have to brave the danger to be able to ignore the danger
@MarioManTAW Chat, stop it, seriously LUL
Watch Last Stand be ludicrously expensive (but still used) Kappa
10 bp last stand and 10 bp power rush
I was switching laundry out. last stand is 10bp? wtf.
Nah, we're just talking about it.....I hopt
What if everything had 10BP? If you could only equip 3 total badges, which ones would you choose? Hmm
but what if u have 50 hp?
I didn't even realize this Jr. could have that low HP lol
Now here's the million coin question, where's Chapter 7?
my bet is on 4 @captainmd13
final bowser and you just level up on hallway
you're right in someone's eyes but not phantoms
Logically, you (probably) full clear 4 on your first entrance
coming together pretty quick now monkaW
youre probably gonna want a few min to chill after the race right
You didn't need the other Cake Mix for anything besides a backup or possibly Lemon Candy
So much for an empty inventory after LP
The seed is directing you pretty hard
There's a reasonable chance you find either a seed or Bow here
I return. thanksgiving dinner was good
That would've been the most painful bail ever
Palace Key in Palace, you love to see it
you gonna do blue key checks?
blue key is not needed to complete palace iirc
get some handy coin blocks tho
Preferred Palace Key locations: before entering Palace > in Palace > after leaving Palace
this is the babiest ch7 ive ever seen
It's convenient when you find Palace Key early, but if the seed is hard directing you to 7, it's nice to see it here
How to use a RUIGEE board
dangerops prangent sex! could it hurt baby top of his head??
How dare you get Attack FX E out of logic raysA
Ultra Stone out of logic too phanto274Rage
help pls! quija board (wega borad), help pls!!!
stumbled into this "Apple Pie Cream Liquor". Obviously, I bought it
P sure you didn't even need to block bc Last Stand
You could Ultra Bombette up ahead to see if Mega Bomb is good
If you don't find enough to beat a chapter here, probably Fortress next?
Fortress and a few one-offs, yeah
Wouldn't want to separate you from that precious apple, I'll just keep this shiny thing for myself
up to 48k points now. woot woot.
Yeah, but you found most of those one-offs in 7, right?
I was going to say, if 6 has nothing, it's possible 7 was later in logic and 1 has most of the stuff you need
At the very least, the Path to Fortress has been in logic a long time
check rowf while you're in town for storeroom key
Sidenote, this is a race, so helping the player(s) is discouraged
Luckily the only thing in it currently is fun and clout
Not like some other randos that have cash on the lines
It is for that reason that I usually don't suggest directions during the weekly. Also, nice Bow
And hope you don't have to come back with Parakarry
pretty sure if cash was on the line phantom wouldn't have chat up
rip my dreams of ch7 ch 4
Unless you somehow find everything before Red Station
Literally the same coding oversight as clippy
Might want to revisit what's allowed in races...
Don't think enough people care to cause a ruckus about it
I think the legal ones are usually either very easy with little logic impact or small timesaves that don't affect logic at all
I think the parakarry method is awesome as well, it has a great setup. Easy to learn, fun to execute. But it skips cake and that's the nail in the coffin
I understand what is meant by 'logic' but I have a hard time determining what is or isn't 'in logic'
I can see that being an issue with Gourmet Guy. What if you do have cake, but then for some reason forget to give it to him after GG skip
gourmet guy is too fat anyway he doesn't need more cake
The only reason that would really be likely is if it's already go mode
Though it is possible to have the Cake Mix and forget to bake it or have Cake, check it, and forget to claim it
forget to give him cake 1 min off your time
Is that block low enough for Super Boots?
That would be a funny trick to be in logic if it's possible
It's possible everything is in 1
*Probably* nothing here but worth getting the clear while you can
Not that I've tried, but you just can't
Still a decent chance of vanilla Fortress Keys
1 has been in logic basically forever lol
does the heart fight end the same if you get it down to 0?
You could've had that against LP phanto274Thonk
I mean, you beat 5 way before you got to 6
BTW is there some trick you do with the hammer to make Bombette blow up early there?
Okay so it is a speed thing but not in the way I thought raysN
this is a place to see you
can't wait for the third key to be here, 4th to be in ruins, and then the pyramid stone is behind the bombable rock on the roof
I feel like it usually is like that when you get down to aa couple checks and multiple chapters left
you can kinda figure out where the algorithm started filling
well at least it wasn't a fortress key into pyramid stone
what if Fortress Keys in Ultra Blocks
I sure do love the ruins and am excited everytime I get to see someone play them
How you get that number? There's  2 in the sewers and 1 on Shiver Mountain (though that one's a badge this seed)
well, it is hot in the desert, hence all the dried shrooms
Is it possible to hit that block without ultra boots but that cheating
that was the moment of all time
I was watching him awhile back
I dont even want to turn those on in logic
the one near the ultra boots chest doesn't looks too bad
Yes these cannon hitboxes are perfectly reasonable YEP
You sure you don't want to pick your stuff back up? Kappa
Imagine how much easier on the fly routing would be in runs if you dropped exp in vanilla
r+l+cright to start shooting your star point like you do star bits in mario galaxy
thats gonna be the next pape game
That actually gives me an interesting idea for an RPG special move...
XP Bomb, you deal damage at the cost of gained XP
3 cap hallway is 16% but I swear every time I get time out to work it happens lol
holy shit your mario is jacked
Who doesn't love a 2-minute cutscene in the final boss? YEP
I'm a fan of the black mage kammy
I can't believe you didn't buy goombario for 4 star pieces
now that the run is over. I'd like to apologize for my comment earlier for accidentally helping. I wasn't paying attention and should've known better. it won't happen again. but gg on 1st place!!
too bad i'll be missing it. gotta go to work clintB goodluck tho!
Is this going to be a co-op rando?
I didnt know you could play paper mario multiplayer
ah so you guys cant see eachother
Sphere 0 Super Hammer in a Hammerless Seed YEP
I think you just needed to not miss the previous block
Cake Mix is good for what, Gourmet Guy and Kooky Cookie, that it?
Attack Fx B is VERY important and VERY necessary
The Ultra Stone was fake but you marked it on the tracker
dwo u like seasame stweet ?
yo wait a coin for a coin?
dwo u know any chawactwers fwom seasame stweey
So wait remind me how the partners work in rando again?
You can probably get another Tonic from the bush
didnt get the yellow berry unfollowing
can you do panels with super hammer? or do you need boots for panels?
yoo thanks for the sub kris
@garioairio (: np. you had one like 15 minutes ago. I swear. lol
they did find a really good power bounce (1 bp, 2 fp)
did Jokehow say hi to youtube?
Is English raph skip on for this?
have you guys checked Merlow yet?
Coney is doing subula rn and wasn't aware that every time you raise the level of a train it resets the time
ANd there's no longer a cap
He is going to be subula for a half hour
where did you find the game crash :tf:
@iAmKrisXx Yeah that's what I was thinking too
Good thing it's a co-op raysY
I'm kinda surprised you haven't found a partner yet.
Coney is now begging people to stop gifting
He cannot maintain this bit for this long LOL
guess I didn't miss anything after all
I'll gift to be an ass
If you wanna be really rude ohrocks then gift me :)
Coney just killed subula he gave up LOL
When life gives you lemons, put them on sale!
only if this was the race seed
Right after coney ended that bit the ads popped LOL
Oh now he popped a bounty
He wants to kill his viewers
Master 3 at five minutes it. You can do it.
just get close call you can do it
What letters are those? You do have a mailman
or is it when hype train stops
so when do you plan on 360 no-scoping him
Who just shows up in a chat and the first thing they say is their name?
This is a chapter 6 kinda seed.
You can also do the other check back there with Boots btw
guess jokehow is gonna have to download a emulator now
I made the silly mistake of leaving ch7 too early
but then my mid-game was trash
I think you missed the brick by Prologue bridge
You going to continue one of these seeds solo? PAUSERS
"Why is all smash commentary just Ai generated smash talk" from coneys chat because max is currently on
maybe it is his expansion pack
There's nothing more horrifying than having Goombario making advances on you and ending up in your pocket. It's a possibility every seed LUL
there was a coin in the shop bruh
Wait you actually have to do this to beat 5 bc you don't have hammer so this is out of logic, huh
This co-op idea intrigues me. Imagine a 4-player co-op with all sanity.
Oh wait that's a place you can go now too, huh
"Look at the pretty glitter" -Goombaria
The stupidity of that glitch never ceases to amaze me.
Worst possible volcano has no Laki either and you just have Bombette Kappa
You can't save all the yoshis
There was a letter to Red Yoshi Kid you could have picked up
Sushie yelling at you when she's right behind you LUL
It was a fake Sushie anyway. LUL
So the only one you can save is the Red one, huh
aight gamers back from dinner any awesome/cool pickups I miss
There's also some stuff in Deep Jungle, right?
Though that's all out of logic
Just use your head instead. You'll be known as Hammerhead Mario
Could you spook the Red Yoshi fight?
does All Sanity include All Tricks/Skips in logic?
Or I guess like half bc hammer
wait I just wondered, can fake items be in shops?
thatd be funny if they could
Imagine buying something for it to just blow up on you
I was going to say what about Blue/Pink right side but then I remembered Super Boots works
Gee, that sure was a close call. KEKW
I didn't know Double Pain was in this game
We'll see how much it costs
I wasn't gonna say anything about the train. KEKW
tbh getting the Lunar Stone from Star Pieces is kinda fitting
I say look for star pieces at this point. It's slower but it's almost a guaranteed hammer from Merlow
Gulch + Tubba full clear incoming YEP
plus you might aswell look for other key items at that point
You've got a ton of letters
Funky? Like Funky Kong from the hit game Mario Kart Wii Chatting
you drop star points upon running
Phantom when do I get to state my controversial Paper Mario opiniooooon
So that was the real autograph in the volcano
Would've been nice if it was real Sadge
this room is huge for the star piecers
Would be nice if the platforms kept moving while you switched partners
Can you do the Laki corner clip there?
Chat quick if a = Log63(64)*Log62(63)*Log61(62).. . and so on until Log2(3) what does a equal (a is an Integer btw)
also because this is typed out assume when I say LogX(Y) it means Log Base of X (Y)
I think there's a corner clip near the switch but I might be wrong on that
I sucked at math Puffy so I couldn't tell unless it equals 1 LUL
The solution is to use a property of logarithms where logB(X) = LogN(X)/LogN(B)
so if you convert all the logarithms into that format
@Puffy78 You just gave me a horrific flashback to College Math. LUL
you get a long list of fractions, that end up cancelling out
oh dont worry guys I get to suffer through two more years of math until I graduate High School
Time to do ALL the checks we skipped Kappa
but anyways after cancelling all the fractions out, you end up with LogN(64)/LogN(2)
Its easiest if we set N=2, so after plugging that in we simply get Log2(64)/Log2(2)
anyways thats what happens if you pick up the calculator in shy guy's toybox
@Puffy78 Or you could just apply the same principle in reverse to go straight to log2(64)
failing LP so I dipped out until I found ice power
either works its just easier this way because both arguments have a clear common base
and then I kept forgetting to get ultra boots so last 2 ch1 keys were behind that
@puffy78 if you are gifted in math do something with it in college because I couldn't do it LUL
Lmao I'll try but Art is more my thing
I forgot were bombette was at, but getting her to go to rugged for kooper, then back to ch 1 for watt to open ch 5 axlsenWut
Hello gamers you (luckily) missed some intense math going on in the chat
I mean my childhood was like Stryder7X videos so Normal Paper Mario would destroy my childhood
All because I said let's do math. LUL
I'm goombario is on a panel do you have to get him to flip the panel?
Now all we need is bombette
We're just gonna ignore hyperspeed Lakitu there
Calc was gaurding a treasure chest ferociously
You have a blue and a red key Kappa
There is no glitches this is a flawless game
the paper game is functioning as intended
This is the way Nintendo intended you to play Paper Mario
In ch1 the vanilla thunder bolt check, you can hit it by jumping on spiked goomba, is that in logic?
A classic N64 game that can be broken beyond belief is DK64 where walls are only a suggestion LUL
oh fuck, I did it today
I didnt use mega jump tho
Nah for a broken speedrun have you guys SEEN the 3ds Mario and Luigi Games
Its not invalid if I dont use the bage right LMFAO
Everyone, I am going to bed. Good night all! Best of luck Phantom
Just go bash your head against the Mario RPG.
well I'll continue until I get called out KEKW
Paper Jam speed runs are insane, literally sub one hour
I implore you to check out a Dream Team speedrun one day, theres actually a really good video that does one, but edits out all the cutscenes and stuff
I can link it if its ok
We'll find out when we get Bombette. Also, did you check the item that Bob-Omb protects at the top?
Even the all-powerful N64 has limitations. Kappa
One time should be enough to take out the bros.
The 3DS had Monster Hunter games.
At least this isn't 7 scaled
eh whatever gets the job done
In your defense, you won. LUL
Worse case scenario, it would've been a reset
the only letters I have are the letters of the alphabet Sadge
You know, it kinda makes sense considering how happy she always is
Oh, you can turn in the mailbag
Ch. 7 is on the way
We need any star piece we can find. LUL
That Ultra Stone could still be real
We do also need scarf for snowman's gift
the feel when you go to tubbas with only 2 keys, then you open the first door and game says you have all 3 LUL
tonight was the 3rd time that happened
Just like the color of his keys
phantom bringing home dirty girls on the bed
I'm sensing some hostility from GamesBot
Bot has been combative all stream. LUL
banning 1stStar is a reflex I need to subdue
I saw the name, and bloodlust exploded
I'm so tired rn lolol, I'm running off 3 hours of sleep
go the fuck to sleep then, numbnuts
Last night was my schools homecoming
And I was out with friends
Komari says gamesbot is getting aggressive and that it needs a time out
We leveled up off Monstar. LUL
I fell asleep for like 45 minutes. now I'm fully awake. great.
who pays the mailman for delivering a letter to them as is their job description?
this the same seed where you need 60 star pieces?
did you save before to prevent softlocks?
I think the regular inn had damage dodge
this should be your title every day
know what this glitch reminds me off
Hey Phantom, how's the seed going? str9ngHappy str9ngHype
Also, we still don't have Bombette
Doopliss is the kinda guy to steal your identity and hide the letter P from you
What letter does Doopliss hide from you in the Japanese version of TTYD?
It's crazy that Doopliss will make you forget an entire letter as soon as he takes your identity
but you can sushi glitch again
@ScrambledDragons I don't think he makes you forget. I think he literally just hides the letter and says that if Mario writes his exact name down grammatically correct he'll give him back his identity to mess with him
Also, how many star pieces do you have?
Time to get the succ... three times
I wonder if it works on any monitor or tv.
this was such a good seed too
are you a west coast kinda guy?
5 and a half hours, 1 email I'm so bored lol
bad movement in castle time to reset Kappa
I mean I got home from work at like 4pm yesterday and then woke up this morning at like 10 so I can't talk
did you want time at star rod?
I love the hold B for 6 minutes split it's awesome
just equip ultra speedy spin to make epilogue faster 4Head
I've never completed run so I didn't vote on anything
would it be like sms fast%?
worst prologue input is selecting yes on file select
yup, harder than lzs and throwing dolly
I've been there all morning, but not sure what you're referring to
phantom what are your thoughts on this emote  shiftPogey
oh that! I already forgot LUL
my favorite part about having it is that I can send it to people in text messages
monadoGoodTake I really like this one
I'll say it then I don't care if I get banned
It's spongebob motioning you to get in the coffin
here, have a flower for your dead run fifiFlower
I didn't even know that emote was called dying lol
one day the 111 will be right
I learned something about pape today
kooper just straight up walked the wrong way after he tpd tk you
Also thank you for popping in last night! Was really cool to see you!! <3
we can finally get the phantom face reveal at sgl
Oh yea, I'm learning a modded version of this game
prologue again? you must love it here... but not as much as mitzi OMEGALUL
does ch8 have any star pieces?
like none hidden in crates or anything?
how would castle even be in logic
there's the crate in the cell has something
you need to beat chapters 1-7 to even get to castle
If only we could map "interact" to another button... n64 has like 50 of them LUL
I'd much rather mash bush with L than A
could've made like dream cast controller layout
I have to remember to do that
I'm curious now and I don't have a retro console store handy
I was just about to grab my cart but listening is easier Wowee
I just realized I must never have pressed L while playing that game as a kid
bruh I played that game religiously as a kid and never knew that
I'll try it on everdrive tonight
I mean first time I get a game I press all the buttons
"Oh no I broke it! D: "
today was the first morning in which you could wake up, go to src, and see that there is no all tab
crayon I hot a story for you, maybe phantom has heard it
so back in 2004 my friend at school was playing bn3. I bugged his navicust and made him jump to corners, misfire buster, and HP bug. The next day he told me something happened to his game so he started over. HE HAD 3 STARS! I couldn't bring myself to confess axlsenCoward
bug style, but only if it yields a result screen
I'm starting to think this guy really likes prologue
Also Axl wtf man that story, that's so sad crayon38ProgSad
bn3 only does 4 fight to style change, flash man, beast man, wind manip, and style fight
so it's easy to get the style you want
If I feel like ground I reg panlout1
so little I remember about bn3
wonder if I should play the wiiU patch or wait on collection...
I have more faith than I originally did
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become Prologue . I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different. On December 14th, I'm moving to Goomba Village; hub of the greatest chapter. I've already removed my Lucky Star, and now run Peach cutscenes between every room as training. I may not be in Prologue yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest Prologue ever. Thank you all.
so you're saying you think PvP is kinda meh?
I've seen some videos of PvP tournaments and watched some explanation videos
I can see the depth in it and what might make it interesting, but I don't really care
same with any other fighting game, really
bn5ds had fun pvp tho playing with different navis but that's it
I've only ever watched BN6 PvP, not familiar with the scene for the other games
better hope you top deck antinavi
you toss your gameboy at their face
bn2 runs life aura 2 or 3 so meta doesn't use gater
bn2 meta is life aura and poison Pharoah
BN2 players won't know what to do against it, because that attack wasn't introduced until BN3 Kappa
at least in bn3 you can deal with it with poltergeist
It IS. in bn2 but a secret chip
also those pvp chips require both players to have at least 3 stars
like add a new net dealer in www area 3
I cant believe of all times for it to die it was the rare time I'm actually doing something with another person
found out when I got my retrotink
snes is still good tho lol
I'm pretty sure my N64 still works. Now if only I could find the power cord
oh no I don't have any games, those have all turned to dust
also let's say I do get it working again, how would I get that authentic experience if I don't also get myself a two tonne TV?
crayon, I'm a big fan of the retrotink
If you're lucky it can start fires too
yeah but you can't really play 3d retro console games on a flat TV now can you? Kappa
I need the TV to stick out halfway into the living room
Why did you start before I woke up
well you do you I suppose Kappa
I am cursing your speedy rng
I think I have retrotink X2, it's hidden in a drawer lol
Yo is that a gold split? crayon38TrnPog
how do u like the 5x?
honestly if you're gonna stream wii why not do it wiiU?
I tried so hard, and got so far
1 and a half hours and you FINALLY got to kooper LUL
^the progress to 400 follower pipeline
also thinking back to your bn3 question, you only get the shield points for sending them to megaman, you have to actually use them.
you don't have to actually use them *
that's in 2 so I assume it carries over to 3, but yeah guard bug will give you bug points
so if you're using guard bug in a fight, that'd give you points towards bug style as well as guts style but not shield style?
using your buster counts towards guts style, right?
buster shot is 1 and charge is "I think 5" then with full custom Guage it's 10 and 50 points
okay so I was curious so I looked it up
apparently regular buster shots are 1 point, charge counts for 10
and full custom gauge multiplies that by 10
flinching also gives you 1 point
no full custody is 50 points
were we talking BN2 or BN3?
In BN2 it's 50 points, in BN3 it's 100
and I assume 2 carries into 3
guess eguchi wanted people to get guts first lol
apparently also, in BN2 you only have to select the chips, but in BN3 you have to actually use them
why would you get guard in bn3?
well you have recovs for that
It says you get 1 point towards shield style if you don't flinch in battle
I wonder if that also counts if you just run away
was thinking you could do something weird like use the playstyle of one style and just take loads of extra battles to force shield style anyway
now you have me wanting to play bn3
let me know if you want any help with thay
I mean that's a solid strategy for getting a good route I suppose
oh, once you finish the notes we should do a blind race with notes
and here I'm struggling to do like 5
I think teaming calls it elemental slash
Do you wanna hear the vote counts for 1st and 2nd place rn for summit voting
Axe has 50k and Magi is 2nd with barely 10k
Literally all they had to do is raise the vote cap a bit because it was 5 dollars
And even then they still had fucking 30k
would you rather outpost jump or shovel jump?
I can only do rock climb if I have laki
I cannot do that fucking 2nd jump
you got your costume ready yet?
And I have no purpose in life without him
twick or tweat gwiv mwe swomething gwoowd two eat
didn't realize that was an irl event
I like this dungeon actually :)
that implies you're not a homie
I did see the emote, it just doesn't show up as one in the announcement
and I hadn't seen the actual text of that one
bombette sucks. this is a public service announcement
@Rigby234 thank you for your service of publicly announcing things
@CrayonCrayoff thank you for your service of privately announcing things
fuck ch 2 as well btw
chapter 2 existed? that's what the Man wants you to think
prologue aside, ch 3 is my least favorite then 2 is not far behind
We should turn it into booze mansion
I find it kinda boring,  not hard or bad, just find the movement bleh
I'd reset runs just so I can replay booze mansion
I like ch 6 a lot too
Ch7 just has so many things interrupting you
my gold in crystal palace is so bad and I never got to improve it
since rando I've just gotten better at aot of movement.  but I don't do runs so who knows if I'll be able to shit on my pb now lmao
think my door 1 gold has an encounter
I didnt realize you were streaming so early today! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Gold phanto274BLANKIES
LUL I will forever be ready at 12:30ct now
time to start doing it lol
do record skip legally by placing the record in the player first
Speaking of record skip, I was rewatching the rando from MarioMan's submission LUL you got a better controller for record skip now?
I'd rather complain about being unlucky than complain about how much I suck
yeah I feel like thats a super crappy board, like it cant handle multiple inputs
I think the little leprechaun on the inside just gets confused when you press two buttons at the same time
have you tried switching the spin to a different button and see if it still does it?
Idk if thats easy to do with how you run the game
that's an interesting way to walk down stairs
buying a new controller is always bittersweet
Thats super fair LUL plus they travel like 4 miles each pull
I'm so mad that run yesterday finished lol
finished with a 1:55, pb is 1:54
bpt was 1 second behind pb going into final so maybe with a gold I could've pb'd but I missed wave block on turn 5 :)
yea I was there for that lol
I would say "same" but then it literally happened to me lmfao
oh yeah he gave me lightning the turn before I killed him so that was funny
It was either block it or die
he's only ever done it to me in all cards and you're just actually dead in that category lmao
I mean yea same probably lol
Ezekiel4 and it's just an m like you'd draw as a kid to represent a bird in the distance
that or just a poorly-drawn ezekiel
I need to find the og EzekielSD file but yeah I guess I could reupload em to ffz
there's only like a million names it could be
oh god I shouldn't be here for this
guessing the fish name is like guessing the banned word in a jokehow stream
It would help if I knew more names
It's like wordle but with names
so if emu is allowed does that mean everrdrive is allowed too?
so we would need a way to validate the everrdrive? that sounds like a mess
or is the knickoff literally called an "Everdrive" with the correct spelling?
Oh, I thought that "Everdrive 64" was the name of the legit flash cart.
I have eng and jpn carts, its not an issues. Just curious
we want to allow everdrive 64 but we need more comparisons done is kinda where we're at right now
particularly in laggy areas like the volcano
I guy at my old job tried to sell me a 64Drive lol
wait a minute you saved time on moles?
I saw it, it was great
Wanna become famous? Buy follower, prims and viewer on mystrm. store
I don't actually know what the jump is
Wanna become famous? Buy follower, prims and viewer on mystrm. store
Wanna become famous? Buy follower, prims and viewer on mystrm. store
I like that it's singular follower typo on primes and single viewer
mod someone who will keep mount viewers and purge the rest
oh I just got back and I see a banned thing
was it a nono or a viewer mounter
I miss when they mounted viewers
you started early today I see
thank you for that early stream
I'm playing smash rn for the first time all month
just follow everyone to always have someone to watch
Man I love this game but I wish I liked anyone playing it
Jaemi has been on hiatus for a while and that alone killed my reasons for playing this game at all locally
I'm going to a local on saturday just because I need cash for port lol
I always forget huff is actually just easy
I should stream like at all sometime
yesterday when I was doing my seed I forgot about handing in letters lol
I'll remember that next time I need 50
I just had the fattest breakfast. Need to lay down after it brarySleep
my breakfast normally contains a granola bar and a grape
I ate too much but goddam it was so good
I'm alive still, so this breakfast works for me
I love coffee.  I can't function without 3 cups or more
I had a sip of my moms coffee once and i've been turned off of coffee since
If I wanted to spend the entire day on the shitter I'd drink coffee
I do need/want better breakfast tho, it can be so good when done right
tbf though mitzi, anything and everything upsets my stomach
I work at 8 and get up at 7:30, don't have time to eat and don't feel like getting up earlier/going to bed earlier lmao
But does it restrict you to the toilet
same. I ruined my stomach over the past 30 years. but I've gotten to ignore and tummy pains I get
jr learned magic just to get jumped on and frozen
that's my kind of breakfast burrito
I saw some girl on tiktok who interns for microsoft show what she eats at the office in a day.. it looked amazing
that's the other thing, if I eat I'll be tired and I already don't get enough sleep lmao
I love me a good food coma
I wish I had a garage gym
I'd never use it but still
I learned how to instant walljump from ledge but my only char it works with
falco falls too fast for it
And squirtle can't because of wall stick
I'm just going to play him on saturday at this rate LOL
I 100% will in doubles at least
If Jaemi goes I'm playing Wario but it doesn't sound like he is
I feel like I should know the answer to this but who's your fave partner phantom? braryEyes
If watt is your favorite,  then why are you using laki?
any A and B pressers in chat?
I'm the opposite of a hurricane enjoyer
watt is best girl, for sure
Hurricane enjoyers are the ones who have experienced spook
I've been trying to think how I'm gonna make watt as a plushie permitHmm
@PerMitzi A PLUSHIE?! sign me tf up
Yuh I've got plans to make all the partners once I learn how to use my sewing machine
Idek if they are gonna turn out good lmao
Normally I love buying special editions of shit for the art books but
FE engage I just do not care
@garioairio no one needs 300 goombarios LUL
I'm thinking if the plushies end up decent I'll try to make them in the randomizer colors too clintT
Imagine a goombario plushie sitting on the shelf back there Phantom... KEKW
I will buy him one and force him to put it there
YOOOOO blue watt plushie would be so sick
lmao I'll send phantom a goombario just for shits and giggles
@PerMitzi reversible ones would be cool, just flip them inside out for a different color
@cpunkc yeah but that sounds hard lmao
OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH ITS BORIS ANDERSON NOT BORIS ANDERSONS HOW DARE YOU SAY MY NAME WRONG THATS IT YOU ARE GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED GROUNDED FOREVER GO TO YOUR ROOM RIGHT NOW
like the little happy/sad octupuses but with randomizer colors
The acc was made 10 minutes ago
@Rigby234 THATS RIGHT I'm BORIS THE ULTIMATE GROUNDING LORD SO YOU ARE GROUNDED
Also What is the best emote I've added in a hot minute
If I can master flipping things inside and out maybe but that seems super difficult. I was trying to make a blast ball plushie do that.
Who gave this person authority? brarySus
@PerMitzi I AM BORIS THE ULTIMATE GROUNDING LORD AND I GROUND ANYONE I WANT!
They're not HARMFUL yet so I'm just gonna timeout for now
just stop being annoying boris lol
Also large rivals patch just dropped
I'm still in bed after that breakfast
phantom question, which letters dont yield star pieces?
oh so just dont deliver goompapa and I'll be fine?
nintendo needs to hurry up and release the patch for this game
damn how long did mario stand there for that to cool
good luck with the end of the run, heading home for the day. if you're still live later then I'll see you then phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Gold
I would like to disagree but I haven't tried it before
Blind basement isn't bad I agree
gl bro how's the run going?
the current risky fight is actually totally different than the one I used in the old ages
we'll just say you got boned
did goomba king nut on you this run?
nut is like 99% change my mind
I deadass think i've gone like 80/20 in my career lol
ayo goomba king give rigby a little nut
what do I have to do to be nutted on?
Is this quiz the top answer every time?
one of my triggers in this game is when someone says "just hold right" in that room
like bro do I look like I have a 2k steelstick
I love watching the duplighost peach try to keep up
greetings o/ nice run you have going
I've been attached since prologue B)
I'm attached I just got here
It just occurred to me that the whole reason jr doesn't like mario is cause he shook a bush
I honestly randomly found your channel through YouTube. I was hey I can catch a steam for once
I am so pogging right now
maybe.  one day I'll do glitchless runs
I've done offline runs since, just none got to bowser
bowser is such a kind giy
I technically have never played this game
Its been long enough that all of my cells have been fully replaced
I saw you do gless a little bit ago, you can't fool me
Ok falco can instant walljump on kalos
my current self has never not fought buzzar in a glitchless run
I love watching streams in 160p12
died to pre-ch4 junior because I leveled up wrong thing
this is bowser aka jack black
I was trying to see the back up
ch0m, don't you have homework you should be doing keizaFine
what I should be doing is sleeping
just got home from a long ass day at work
phanto274Shrug pb do be a pb doe
I hope you anti star rod voters are happy now
just don't bring luigi by mistake keizaDeer
you could've had a 5 minute pb if star rod timing happened Kappa
can we do anti luigi skip
you'd have to be some big dumb idiot like lopez or something
I'm unconvinced luigi skip is actually a glitch keizaThink
I'm unconvinced anyone but me knows what a glitch is Kappa
I don't actually know what luigi skip is lol
luigi just gets stuck in the tube I guess
It seems in the context of luigi skip that when people say glitch they are really just talking about intentionality
and ya there's no way its intentional
my dad played this casually and did luigi skip, and to this day he doesn't know (I never told him)
on the part of the devs, I mean
make your dad play it again for that cutscene @rigby234
chat, he's doing luigi skip right now keizaCoward
should've had star rod timing Unlucky
poor luigi just wanted to be loved
Wait did epilogue get voted to stay
you would've not golded this split if it was deleted
excuse me phantom you saved 0.5 seconds in epilogue I was told you couldn't save time here
what are you planning on doing after stream ends?
Axl is on pape so that may be better
Wait who got the first dabdrip
@phantom5800, have a good broadcast! HeyGuys catch promo code 10 viewers for 24h - GVP-KQG2-4R6R-32RN. Trovo, YouTube, TikTok, Insta - we can do everything. Tired of ad? Write us and we'll turn it off. Google us: get view ers pro BloodTrail
I want to do a rando but forcing myself to take the night off
I've accidentally become walking on water mario in castle
race komari for his 1K follower stream
play Super Mario Advance 4: Super Mario Bros. 3 on Wii U
How can I play book of mario?
mix book of mario with pro mode lol
better you than me, I hate reading text on stream
before I came here, I was showing one of my friends how we made fansubs back in the day
I am no longer walking on water mario
so close to being wrong thiugh
you could play megaman battle network 5 Double Team DS with Russian Colornel OMEGALUL
so ive been leaving streams open when I go to bed and just let the raid guide it. The otherr day I got a random giftsub. Checked the streamer out and thier last stream was exploring Kyoto and geishas LUL
I love doing, "here's a flower for your dead run" KEKW
what do you think of the new gym leader?
I didn't like the new gym leader
It did come off as cringe to me, if I was watching on my phone and someone walked behind me I'd exit out in embarrassment lol
youre talking game boy limitations here
the captain of the ss anne had more personality than most gym leaders
even the safari warden without teeth has better dialogue
the drunk guy that teaches you how to catch pokemon LUL
Lorelei (in FR/LG and Let's Go) does things
plot twist: TnL use their psychic powers to keep pacifidlog floating
Has.. has anyone redeemed a ham-ham speedrun yet?
I mentioned it in discord lmao
Volkner just bored but again, they don't expand on that
I remember as a kid see ads on tv for ham ham heartbreak
excuse me mister rocks, you have a double battle with flint and volkner
volkner and flint are best friends
I knew what had to be done phanto274Hype
that's "Baja Blast Enjoyer Ohrocks" to you sir
I really don't like that its gonna be open world
yeah fuck the stories, that's too much content in my video game
I vote not at all fifiPog
Can I join the evil team?
I want in on that shit!!
they literally ported the sun and moon anime into Scarlet and Violet
by that logic so was G/S/C
Catching them was the real test
galactic just wanted to experiment with evolution power but it never went anywhere
prologue and ranting about pokemon, what more could a guy want?
woudl be nice to get a pokemon game where we arent a child
hey man having a pet dog, shows that you've grown as a person and that you've matured a lot!
I cant believve you werent streaming at 12:30 CT, how dare you Kappa
GameFreak should stop directing to Pok'mon games altogether
I look away for 2 seconds
I had both open last time
I clicked in, counted to 9 and was just as mad
does that mean you 2 gonna try the coop again?
If I get it and everything is working this sunday would probably be best
I'm in VA next weeked and I think youre in VA the weekend after lol
we'll play it by ear I suppose
I do but I dont have a seed
but I'm trying to save for Elite Smash
If someone gave you a seed with double or quadruple pain would you still do it?
what if I give you a seed with English raph skip that u have to do will u do it?
I wouldn't be able to do it anyway
eh, I dunno. if last stand is decent everyone goes danger mario, which is kind of ... meh?
I be here. hello phantom and chat.
Is this another channel point seed? Or are you starting to like hammerless
I keep saying that one day I'll turn in my Chanel point request thing and never do. lol
I like when number goes up
I have 400k in 2 channels but not even close to that
most channel points I have is on your channel
In slipperynip's channel ive probably gambled away over 1mil points
Ive won and lost a lot of bets
I only really watch randos and yugioh master dual on twitch
I rediscovered GX duel academy last night
I knew I played a couple games as a kid but never knew which ones
I played it for 6 hours straight lmao
I use to play ps1 1 as a kid all the time could never beat most of the end game
gl on sub 30 hour rng
I cheated as a kid to get 3 blue eyes ult dragons just so I could see the ending
I was sent to my own chatroom that wouldn't show anywhere else LOL
level up fp then downgrade to get 9bp and use last stand
Did you need boots for laki?
So only way to survive this would be to ... instead do bhs?
you can still get in there
Idk who hates you. But you should have a talk with them
I seen jokehow do it doesn't looks to bad
oh I know it still bad with hammer
you talk to him and he push u oob
think he need to be closer
hammerless npc clip is real bad
overscaled forced battles blocking progress is such bs
something like to happend to me I was forced to beat that jr at chapter 7 diffaculy
Taco has chosen violence against Little Caesar himself
hmmm I should try that later
I will just check chapter 4
Jibca just sent me a top player's KOF ratio list
It's on a scale of 1-10 and Krohnen is at 15
I cheater to beat my seed where that same forced fight
I would wait 10 minutes to see if others DNF'd and if they did I would grind
I will win a race at any cost
Could you imagine if that happened in a weekly
Another argument for progressive in races
I can see it now forced chapter 7 lp in a race
We've done close to that tiger
People got robbed today in strive
I did all my jacko bullshit
But I'm fully consistent with my instant overheads now
Always nice for the mid dispenser to pullout unreactable mixups
the capped thing really grinds my gears
when I first started randos I was only doing progressive because it was way easier
oh, only missed the first 5 minutes?
phantom you had a cocnut tho
Chat dying was a weird prelude to the seed dying
So was everyone else just unable to type
It sent me to my own chatroom lol
So I could type but nobody could see it LOL
was that a redeemed seed you failed?
I do enjoy your commentary, but having no commentary is nice for watching vods at double speed. Made the pape race seed really enjoyable.
Wanted to see the actual race but couldnt find the vod
does pape races not do youtube mirrors of their streams?
I was able to see your tho
oh good jcog has his vod up still, I'll watch that tomorrow too
when I was watch you I thoughtt, no way could I do this. My jaw dropped seeing you do 7 scaled lantern ghost
I feel like trying these settings but glitchless
I'm very confident with panels, and wanna try letters
a buggy mess of an item
you have to use it with double dip
If you double dip hustle and repel, hustle first then repel, else it breaks
definitely didn't kill me during playtesting
that there is a shop I reckon.
so you use it then attack twice or next turn you attack twice? so turn 1 hustle turn 2 attack twice or turn 1 attack and turn 2 attack LUL
I'd need someone to explain it to me
I mean it is an unused item for a reason
Perfect timing, I just got home with dinner
Hustle is also subject to change, we're discussing reworking it
So, the usual Chapter 5 Opener I see
Oh psykitHeck well in that case...
I checked, hustle is weighted at 20 out of 50. 50 being life shrooms, 20 is stop watch and big cookie
okay I guess races are going to cheap merlow, its 10 to 5 rn. I'll do normal for my own seeds tho
might be easier to get behind the block if you get into clippy :tf:
yeah then crash the game LUL
gonna make my seed for tomorrow
Anything else of note at Merlow?
where is the setting for letter sanity?
would you recommend full shuffle for the first attempt?
Errr, this isn't a wonky timezone for Arie is it?
I just don't want to send a potentially sleep-ruining DM ping at past midnight
well I'm CST technically, all year round
my province doesnt do daylight savings :)
how many coin checks are there? Kappa
In b4 7 scaled ch7 jr
so the coin blocks to ch7 are counted as 1 on the map?
Don't offer that shit to them
ch3 jr? dont you just homeward out?
why not just turn on 4x damage while you're at it
I may or may not of checks the logs for that seed
and if you miss the block you die
sounds like you just played the fight bad
I mean it does 5 damage but you blocked it Kappa
what is this? cheap aoe for once
Oh yikes, 5 BP Last Stand
phantom I would like you to know that I threw out a life shroom so I could use a goomnut in final
Isn't that huge in Glitched logic?
cant u get that with parakarry
you could also just jump up the side
the dizzy dial check can jump up relatively easy
probably wanna clear the cleft if youre gonna
you can jump up, yeah. like climbing the bed in the hidden bedroom
left side, it's not too hard
I seen jcog jump up there and its looks free
left side jcog just jump up the side
the forward most left corner iirc
the cleft is an issue tbf, but yeah, what jokehow said
cleft is really annoying you can kinda lure him up
fright jar is like 30% on them :)
Out of logic? You have Jade Raven. Need a hammer?
did you do mayor penguin after merle yet
you cant butt stomp the logs?
I just noticed still not hammer lol
Actually, 7 HP Magikoopas suggest 4
this looking like jokehow dream seed
hammerless is dead to me until kooper puzzle is solved
just do 6 ss seeds easy @jokehow
any useful letters left maybe? otherwise looking at your tracker I can't think of stuff
who know maybe we will get jp rooms at some point
more of a riddle seed, I see
It's not fx e tho Sadge
@blacktiger51 apparently there's ways to turn it on so hopefully in the future COPIUM
grasping at straws here, did you do simon
Wait, why is the storeroom still locked? Did you clip into it?
I cant believe you sabotaged joe's N64
time to go everywhere again ... again
disrespecting the triple dip like that
fuzzy wants to know your location
What's with all the freaking cake?
I'm back. sorry. I had to take care of a few things.
final just waved me after 4 sjump charges
At least Air Raid is reasonable
Nah, Parakarry got the door for you
Beg your pardon, but isn't he locking 2(?) ruins keys? Can we get in there now or do we need Super Hammer?
pretty good! spalatoon after work was fun
will he eat anything with "cake" in the name?
oh, so no urinal cakes then, darn
I don't have money for the bday stream so I will just buy you a meal at port
Idk if they'll let me pay for a drink for you also but if not I'll just paypal you lol
Redeemed for the greater good of the community
If ham ham heart break rando redeemable Kappa
I've been playing failbots wifi hotspot steve for 2 hours
God being on mobile blows sometimes phanto274Facepalm
As someone on mobile now, I feel the pain
Ok it's 8:40 and I need to eat
I genuinely like fighting steve tho he's just doing this looney toons ass shit
Failbot showed me like 3 things I haven't seen yet loll
He hit his 2nd ever ToD on me because my SDI is ass on this new controller
My main one got snapback so I switched to my spare and it's rough lol
simply buy a rope and throw it up there
FUCK YES THEY CONFIRMED A SPECIAL EDITION FOR RF3 REMAKE
It's out march 23 in japan, time to play a game in japanese again
They might've and I missed it
But in the direct they didnt
The new box has no raven smh
They literally made her the canon pairing for micah because nobody liked shara
And it also made more sense
But yea I'm buying that shit day 1 and playing it in japanese lol
ok I'm hungry as fuck brb
we needed a clip with that title
Yep finding Goombario is a curse alright LUL
phantom tried to kill him with the hammer
If duplighost copies goombario can he use tattle?
I would hammer Goombario too. You haven't experienced the level of seduction he employs LUL
I'd like to see the mario tattle lol
Fuck yea I got sun chips
finding Goombario before Watt, sad day
now I wanna hear jack black voice bowser in pape, "I left me dairy out, it would be embarrassing if someone read it..."
I didnt know he had a cow
as long as yellow yoshi dies in happy
Let's ask Goombario what he knows Kappa
A better hammer for a more powerful bonk to Goombario Kappa
not a single tubba key in 2 hours bawkKek
Do you think Jack Black knows how Bowser is Kappa
like you hear all these stories of actors that dont know video game characters lol
do I believe in everyone else? no
Jacl Black read the fuckin assignment
how do you toss items again?
Jack Black does his homework man
Chris Pratt? Dude walked in not knowing there was an exam
I wonder why the Voice Director allowed it ROFL
thats confusing for me cause I open item menu with R
do you know how Mario really is bawkHm bawkHm
sees poll "do you buy ringtones" 63% said "always on silent" KEKW
my phone is on silent cause I have a watch that vibrates
Chapter 6 has what now bawkKek
I'm filling out a game list thing and I'm stuck on a game I love that other people generally hate
Nothing like a nice 1 hour walk to get the blood boiling
He already shittalked me when I QRT'd the rf3 thing
I was on his ass earlier for making a KH ref though
My walks used to be a lot longer but I now walk so fast to where a 2 hour walk now takes 1 hour
I think I'd have to say Sonic, by default, if I had to answer
@buff00n No you'd say Fates :)
Can I say Fire Emblem Fates? 8)
ok this map with the cloud machine broken is weird lmao
I put this game down for best art style also btw
It's good but my brain says something is wrong
It was close with ori but this game is just ageless with how it looks so I'm just impressed by it more
I hate Fates more than I loathe Ultimate Marth stans
I don't like none of the new Sonics for real
I wish felt something for Mania. I couldn't
maybe cause I went through so many
Damn watt found a good place to hide
3dsonic is funnier with how it's bad so I like that more
sonic is just mediocre but I have hope for\ frontiers
the only sonic game I ever liked was sa2 and i'm pretty sure it's because I played it while I was young
I couldn't get through mania LOL
I was told to play 06
I'm just here for the jehttposting
Then I went into playing Mania
06 is great because no playthrough is the same
New fucked up shit will happen each 06 run
I may like it mainly bc of nostalgia
Colors I had a fine time with
But I'm not going to call Mania bad
I just felt nothing for it
Games like mania I can understand people liking cause it's obv a good product
I played Heroes recently and hated life
Buff00n likes it tho so prolly ass
@RuneRavenFP you're not wrong about 06 tho
Because all those stages were long
Yea 2dsonic you literally can't go fast without prior knowledge
you give people a shot of Malort's to fuck with 'em, and suddenly you have 0 taste ever
you learn from it tho, once you learn the layout its fun to go fast
Needing to play twice for it to be good is NOT for me
I liked Sonic unleashed. I had a fun time
still dont understand the mashing for that
2d sonic is like if you took 3d sonic and inserted silent hill render distance fog
Where it made me want to replay it for the other shit
I never call them by their numbers lol
Radiant Dawn? oh it wasn't the same as Path of Radiance because Ike was busted
The camera panning forward in Sonic CD had should've became standard for the series
Yeah because everyone was freaking avergae
They gave you laguz leaders and fucking haar and the last fights are still hard as shit
Just every one of those units was so average
I only had a handful of games as a kid so I played the same games over and over. One of those was sonic 2, more I played more I learned, the more I learned the more fun it became.
they decided to tone it down because everyone was busted in Path of Radiance
and they changed math for a handful of things
It stayed in the trash 8l
A LOT of people hate 1
@Nekonayzz You're the most based chatter in a while
1 and 2 are both perfect
my kingdom for HGSS remakes in Gen 5
I'm stuck with Pok'mon Violet man
After the bitter disappointment of Sword Shield
Gen 2 had some good pokes
Good pokes dosent mean good gtame
And the remakes had a chance to fix it
bad? perhaps. but it's fun tho
I lobe not being able to get houndour until kanto
But then the remake didnt add shit
Why would they do a good thing
They said they didn't want to add it
Phantom pokemon now is required to remove 1 good thing if they do anything else good
I dont need a battle frontier, it would be nice but its still my favorite remake
I'm like who complained about Battle Frontier
I just wanna say that BDSP are complete ass
Wack that they opt to not add shit from the "definitive" versions for the remakes
Ohh letter and panel randomized nice
I dropped my game thingy on twitter.com
I played a mod that made BDSP platinum and I had a good time
But I had to mod the damn game LOL
I'll wait for the never happening Platinum re-make
@RuneRavenFP Ah, a guy of culture
Platinum fixed all of gen 4 tho
b2w2 took the already great bw and expanded so much
@1STSTAR__ just gas tha tweet the templates in the replies
every time I try to play a sinnoh game I just fall asleep
I just don't care for em
Magmar, Houndoom, Flareon, Rapidash, yea that's still true
Every pkmn game's been a step backwards since BW/B2W2
@buff00n They've had steps forward, but they like to retrace them :)
1 step forward 2 steps back
Darkrai is my favorite Pok'mon period
I like that the Gen 4 starters were designed to counter each other after their evolutions
my fave mon is still a gen 4 mon though lmao I love rotom
the m in mx_four is for motor so they love rotom
I love magmorgar and I know I'm wrong
just joined and am glad we're talking Pok'mon. my kid is playing let's go Pikachu and just got to Mt. Moon. her time is 4:20
I really have no complaints about gen 4 other than that it mysteriously bores me
yet I like the switch games so far lol
X Y story was so ugh
half of the switch games are sinnoh
and both of those games bore me
but I enjoyed sw/sh and let's go
Let's go more like let's not go to sinnoh
@nekonayzz EVERY. BLOODY. TIME. my "friends" showed up in XY, I was like "LEAVE ME ALONE"
SWSH was good after DLC because raid battles were fun as fuck
I think swsh are great AFTER the dlc
gen 8's battles are kinda goated
ESPECIALLY when each of them wanted to battle you, back to back
I got bitter after the dlc
@buff00n That's why I always make them call me "dumbfuck" or something so I have a reason to hate them
the main game was whatever but I loved the dlc and I loved breeding mons
XY ORAS probably mine, since that's when my work group were all playing and raising Pokemon
emerald's been my fave my entire life
I really just enjoy gen 3
yeah I heard vgc gen 8 was good
I I like beating brocks ass in gen 5
I like beating your ass in 2022
LMAO taco at first I thought you were telling me I had a bad take
yea i'm a weirdo who enjoys breeding good mons
I used to breed perfect iv meta relevant mons and give them away
I will probably do it again in gen 9
but you cant battle Brock in the battle pyramid
m4 can you breed me a perfect shuckle
he's got that rock solid stance
Also the remixes of the past songs are amazing
I mean if you catch me at a time when I'm playing pokemon yea I probably would lmao
I own conquest but I haven't beaten it
I bought it off of some nerd
As someone who LOVES platformers, BK never clicked with me
OMEGALUL "twitch partner lono has been banned"
One of my friends put a fucking just dance avatar as their fav protag LOL
My brain wanted to 100% conquest and it was way too tedious
yea I'll dm you the template if you want
have you ever meta girl before
I play PVP with friends I can "gentlemen" with
If you treat is a one off, it can be fun but not worth a revisit
I will say one thing I did like about bn3 pvp is there are 300+ different random fields to battle on
me n' my older whored panelgrabs, areagrabs, rooks, rockcubes and numerous PAs
God forbid if they allow FolderBack
my brother ran Flashman. That's THE reason why I avoided AquaStyles like the plague
wonder how many people will play long enough to get poison pharoah tho?
I doubt they'd want to do rollback
Had work for a second and I see chapter 4 and 6 was done so fast lol
the same reason the fuck TMNT collection has rollback for the TMNT fighters in the collection
I can drag an image from discord to twitch chat!!
yeah, ZX collection didn't have the Z3 customizations that the GBA collection did
She never got the chance to walk bawkKek
yo I never got so disappointed by a pokemon announcement than Wednesday
I was like what did I learn from this
I told my cousin to watch it, he turned it off after 20 seconds
she turns off her broadcast when you start beating her ass
she reminds me of a vtuber streamer and I felt so turned off
just goes to show we arent the target demographic anymore
I've loved too many Pok'mon games and other games to get into a ninth generation of Pok'mon.  At this point I can just draw upon the vast pool of older games and new ways to play said games
ch0m, remember when kid raided nobody because he put my number at the end? keizaLUL
Morph did you see my games list thingy on twitter
It's pretty based cause I'm always correct YEP
pape in best art style is objectively correct NODDERS
this game is so fucking good looking
I haven't played 3, because I want to finish 1 first
yup, there is only 3 and they are all on switch
ok, good. I wasn't sure it would matter
I want to play 3 but I also dont wann aplay 2
I played 2 first, then torna
might say fuck it and just play 3
I replayed 1 like 3 times now
Only Xenoblade I haven't touched is X
1 was cool when I watched it
74 knows my thoughts on 2
so far, i'm liking the mechanics of 2 better than 1
@RuneRavenFP A N I M E
I've seen enough shitty anime to know that 2 wouldn't bother me if I play it KEKW
It's like playing pokemon 4 and trying to go back to the older stuff
but I still love 1 die hard on that hill
"Every time 2's characters talk it makes me want to die" is what I told 74 last month
the QoL starting then was too important, it's hard to go without
oh I'm like that with 2 Taco
3 is a combination of both
I love 2's villains too much to make me speak negatively of that game
that's the only one I remember and he wasn't really a villain
I remember liking the twists in 2
Ashnard just knew exactly how he wanted to create chaos and he just blatantly succeeds
I gotta get some sleep keizaHey keizaSnug
Malos knew what he was doing because of his knowledge
I've gotten attacked by Jin and Malos fans on twitter for making a poorly phrased tweet once
What did you say about a fake person that you can have an opinion about
I probably missed what was said because my net bad now aaa
Ive been 6 capped on him
I had parakarry behind ch7 goomba king today
I wonder where this key at bawkKek
Phantom you already have goombario just win already
Did I hear that right? LUL
Yall out here abandoning the kids
When saving the kids was the play all along
When watt does power shock her pacifier looks like a noes
why did he put that letter there
That letter to Kolorado is legendary
time to play mail man again bawkKek
Is randomized sounds still a thing
there has to be another way
It aint 8:30 in a timezone that matters
say I who pushed for it
he said go back to prologue
mx_four: mr estrogen has your key
yes, the key to find your key
mr estrogen had the key to finding the key, I see it clearly now
you found where the algo started filling stuff from
Cant you just do cpt 7
Also phantom when are you wanting to start fiddling with WWRando
should I know what that is???
oh wait fuck are you serious
I just watched this at work today
why would you do this to yourself
not good for your mind though
I should do the same thing with you and glenn with wwhd
Coach you through a nomss run
Where did Tubba run off to
knowing what fm is that sounds like a threat
your stream tags are a cry for help
mr estrogen was mr key in disguise
jcog needs 20 stars pieces for hammer lol
Pallos like a person asking for sauce in a horny twitter's replies
I found the channel I just dont know what the vid is lolol
It's called : the ultimate roulette of speedruning .
Imagine playing russian roulette with like
and your ojnly chance of surviving is if every bullet jams
maybe star road will have life shrooms
Is No Life Shrooms% a category
Its hard to go straight sometimes
eat it in front of jr
OH YU GI OH FORDIDON MEMORIES, THAT WHAT Y'ALL WERE TALKING ABT
was goombario in there, or something?
@1STSTAR__ THEY'RE "FORBIDDEN MEMORIES" FOR A REASON
what you doing go back for slow go
would it not be worth just replacing p up ddown with it
ooh, I like the Kammy color
Did y'all peep mine(I hope not)
I like a villain who can be menacing, but also an idiot
You dont even follow me lolol
Or are you talking to buff00n
Bowser has been menacing like twice
I dont really retweet much tbh
I love how star rod murders the bitrate
Following between splash and 1ststar like you're picking which pokemon version you wanna play
Do you want love live or neptunia
I retweet everything except those 2 thigns
I've been obsessed with guilty gear so I talk abt that a lot now
Kraft Mac & Cheese verified account: Where's the "mac" in the "Big Mac"????
phantom, why do I still see you
I'm glad rip is useful 100% of the time
hey! hope you have a great stream and great birthday :)
ultimate allsanity with every trick turned on when?
I would prefer you finishing seeds
you putting every nutty thing on?
TBF a lot of the hard tricks are only for 1-2 checks, there's a reasonable chance a lot of the tricks are never required
Well at least you have Laki right? 8)
I think Bombette is good right?
You can't even technically turn it in yet anyway
koopa legends being a trap is always a relief
Bombette = Fortress full clear YEP
I'm just chilling before my Hotfix tonight
hiii oh it's your birthday? nice
Fine unless it happens to have Bombette
I can't believe you left hp drain behind
do you need the normal looking key?
Spiny Surge coming in clutch for once
Cheer100 It's your birthday?!? Happy Birthday man! phanto274BLANKIES
are hammers and boots shuffled into the item pool
I wonder how many happy birthdays you'll get this stream
I love when Bryan says 'blankies' LUL
I love they got that working
Got any big plans or fancy purchases planned for the B-day?
I should've read what cloud nine did before completely ignoring it
Congratulations, you just flipped Heads 5 times in a row.
Have they made Bowser random colors yet?
I feel like bowser palettes shouldn't be hard to make
why would you save scum that
bot you should try rac to get you out of that slump
I also get depressed and upset because of a lot of people
I think your options might be that or beat the Fortress
If we can't have 7,4 i'm hoping for 6,4
I meant um. I'm on mobile lol
Merlow has nothing, you say... YEP
2 things he had a maple and shooting star
we sure do love this forever
I'm sad that prologue isn't 20 minutes long in rando
last I night I wouldve finished that seed if I didnt assume block on the beach had a mushroom FeelsBadMan
If you return to a room you already checked and it has a block you assume its trash
tap jumps to the right and not up are the trick to this one
I like how chapter 3 seems to have some of the most annoying tricks
they both go in the mouth so they must be the same
the bombette pipe lzs by the fortress (unless that's off)
Beating 1 gives you 3 Rowf checks + 1 trade (assuming you've seen Koopa Leaf)
There's also Rip if you can find money
Haven't seen the Koopa leaf yet I think
Is water staircase skip a trick in the list now?
You've seen a bunch of Star Pieces, does Merlow have anything you could sell?
this is going a bit brutal
I bet you wish merlow had stuff now
all these star points though I guess haha
you're gonna get a level from this fight alone
firing an entire military base worth of ammo at wahoo man
I saw Power jump and mega smash?
what's the max fp cost for a move?
Is mario wearing a cloud cause he forgot his pants?
I mean, it did 6 due to last stand?
You seem to roll just the best seeds lately, wow
this seems like it is a very fun fight to repeat over and over until it works
damn what a rough go so far
just finished bayonetta, gonna start bayonetta 2 next week
aight, gotta get ready for work. good luck on the seed
man, i'd be burning the seed by now
I didn't know you was playing dark star Kappa
would you prefer laki start or goombario start?
I see only laki has been gotten and cloud 9
I bet that goombario telling you the boss defense would make this easier
What pokemon does bowser resemble if he was in grayscale?
what pokemon does bowser resemble if he was in grayscale?
Blue koopa bro is a nice look
Oh this is gonna take awhile LOL
@Axl_Sensei I am playing yugioh when watching this lol
you only have 5 items in one hour?
only 6 more of those to go
How many Seeds do you need?
do you have to do the Jr fight squint
he bought the coin for 1 coin
have you guys ever incorporated a bingo card with randos? like it could be cool if everyone started with a different seed, and see which one gets a bingo first
Just enough to afford an item you don't need yet
@Jhawk___ nah they just should skip to the battleship, the guess who, etc. like 360chrism
for your bday, also because this rando keeps torturing you lol
JCog subbed to PAPE streamer? ch0mskYpog ch0mskYpog
I have been forced out of lurking
oh yeah you broke as f
oh wow, I just noticed it a full randomizer o-o - usually all of the stuff aren't toggled on haha
time for mario to get a job
oh shit is that @JCog ? jcogGERSC
Mario is a full time bounty hunter, plumber, actor, sports star.
Do you have something you could cook for money?
@needaname37 and he still doesn't have 25 coins
Is there something in a shop you can cook for money? LOL
fry them in butter and then use the butter for brownies
Volt Shroom could have been something
make an extract with alcohol and then use that to flavor gummy candies
WTF GLITCHED RANDO?!?!? I'm telling the race coordinators
that stuff just chillin in the air
that dried shroom is like 2 coins in the bank shiftPogey
well there's a life shroom back
Why is dark star bad before I play, it looks polished enough
Is stuff locked behind Koopa koot in this seed?
dark star is fun Kappa fun to watch that is
I don't think they mean bad as in bad more as in god why would you want to play this
after watching you in ch6 dark star I stopped playing
I was looking for the whole series for that
I had to assume you stopped
Local romhack maker gives no fucks about actual console players
surely I could just stack boo leaves
I read something today that makes the rando crash on console but dont remember what it was.
I alreayd know wbout that too lol
lol I cant believe the timing on that axl
I literally just clicked into your stream when it happened
Is it time for bowless green station?
one day i'll see you do bowless green station
bowless green station and ignoring parrakarry checks GIGACHAD
Easy upgrade blocks in sewer/gulch? Nah, we need to go for style raysC
unironically cooking in rando holy shit
watt gave you its heart and you just completely ignored it
And just to be clear, you have currently seen 0 Koopa Leaves?
off topic, but I just started watching breaking bad for the first time! its pretty good phanto274Sip
this seed could be the closest to a 100% seed yet
might as well get the rest of the recipes out of the way
My mood is pretty low today, sadly. If you've heard the news, then you know why. Not gonna get into it in the chat, but yeah, I'm not doing so hot today. :/
@VikiHexen hope you feel better soon <3
Just.. this one hit me really hard.
I wonder where you were going to get the money for that so easy
Maybe buy Lunar Stone before you dip deep into 2?
I mean, just in case it's all here lol
If you were to find the other 2 stones and a key...
I like how we still only have Laki
where was super hammer? was it rip
this is now officially baby seed
okay will we now find a partner in the desert
Guess Merlee's business isn't doing so hot...
let just say u under 35
I gave you 30 bucks, that makes you an old fuck Kappa
Sounds like a scam to me. LuL
pretty sure u a little older then me
phantom is actually 65 and ages really well
I was gonna guess 32 solely because that's how old I'll be in December. I work at a bar and it's hard af to guess ages
guessing ages is always scary cause if you're too high people get offended
I also got my booster shot today which is mainly why
I mistyped the 1 lol. 32 was my guess. being 29 I'm getting good at guessing whos older vs younger than me lol
Don't forget to eventually do the Outpost panel
so only feeling a bit tired. but I know there's more coming likely
I got an ad for stumble guys, a mobile fall guys rip off lol
when are we learning early seed
people make early seed look so easy I hate it
almost 2 hours to find a partner and 2 minutes to find another
They're all just hiding out in the mountains.
I can't wait to get 8 watts from whacka
what the heck you make that look so easy
Parakarry giving you his entire salary for doing his job for him YEP
I wonder how fucked rando routing would be without homeward shroom
Star Stone away from beating 7
Marlon looking a little evil today.
Sounds like it would be awful
If only parakarry had a fly mechanic like in pokemon
that seed I tried starting in outpost was a little interesting but not enough to warrant it
Goomba Village is okay for a vanilla-ish start
Wouldn't recommend Outpost/Yoshi start if you plan on going fast
starting goomba village feels extra weird bc then prologue just isnt lock
Not ideal HS but better than the other non-Toad Town options
You have some kinda crazy cheap badges.
you just got like every attack up badge all at once lol
I wish there were vanilla warps oot style
I'd watch you play WW randos, for sure.
Icebound therre was something I wanted to ask and now I dont remember axlsenRip
one of these days I'm gonna lock myself in a room and learn how to play oot from a no logic rando
multiworld zelda randos are pretty pog I'd say
Is zootr or paper a better name?
having master quest dungeons mixed in with vanilla is sick
Same world co-op OoT rando when>
I'm serious. I'd be down for that some time.
same world co-op pape rando tho?
If this game released in 2020 nintendo would have added co op controls where your little brother can use the partners
That would actually be a really cool mod
@jokehow like in m&l superstar saga
Don't want to sell the Jammin?
Ive never played the mario luigi games
Real talk though, would you ever be interested in said OoT co-op rando together?
It's a good series to play
Did you ever buy Rip's last item?
goompa just gave you his retirement funds LUL
In vanilla do you need to buy rip11?
I don't mind the answer being no, but a response would be appreciated.
oh man I should've been counting my rip buys
you pay 64 once and get infinte?
you can sell them for -32x the price! @mariomantaw
then its not infinte dried shrooms for 64 coins Kappa
Fair enough. I know most of the checks at this point and could help out with that sometime.
would be funny to find a dog bone under a panel
Volcano/Deep Jungle out of logic, almost everything else is in logic
so I have ultra hammer, sushie, watt, and jade raven... I should be able to beat ch5 right?
cool, tracker wasn't lighting up so I wanted to make sure
If it's not showing up right on the tracker, try marking/unmarking a partner
This seed really want you to deliver mail.
chapter 5 was meant to be
amazing how this all works out
Why does the tracker not think you can beat 6?
Okay, maybe one of these days I'll be up for implementing that properly lol
allsanity let's letter quest be something, correct?
full letter shuffle splits the letter chain sidequest into individual checks
goombario is needed to beat prologue
Partners, 1 Ruins Key, 1 Tubba Key
pape rando runs on steam deck? thats pretty dope!
oh yeah whats the speed game later
You can do the Trading Event now YEP
I still remember the first laki flarrakarry FeelsStrongMan
At least you don't have to do Hammerless LP skip again LUL
oh yeah for that hammerless lp skip do you know how much you npc pushed
I only saw you do it twice, once with Bombette and once with Super Boots
I tried it the other day and couldnt get it without pushes
I tried that for a bit
It kinda seems like it should work but I dont think it does
tbf the npc talking oob shit is precise and annoying so I probably just didnt get lucky :tf:
remember me, for deez nuts, ah it's so bad but idc
So I'm calling Parakarry in Chapter 6
You probably find either some partners or some sanities soon
There are 2 easy upgrade blocks you've passed by
Unfortunately I don't think Spook ended up being better than Power Quake there
nice, you can progress deeper in chapter 1 now Kappa
the last one need the last key... which we call Laki LUL
maybe something will be  on master 3
I tried very hard with that one KEKW
you just gonna leave rosie hanging like that
apparently deep focus is a casual magnet
I like lurking casuals and everyone has that shit on
Has he who must not be named been found yet? You know' The Goom.
you didn't have murder him like that
do you need the last ruin key?
don't know if it's a trap yet aha
remember an hour and 20 mins ago, only had Laki
It sped up so fast after 2 access
did you get koopa village panel
oh lol I didnt even see its go mode
go-moding the entire ch 7 is pretty nice
and not needing to do any checks in 7 is nice
I would of guess around 3 50 ish so use to your speed runs for ch8
The big problem with 7 in go mode is that the Palace has more forced backtracking. I don't think any other dungeons require backtracking if you enter in go mode
I mean, a little with things like Clubba room
For some reason I was thinking you had to backtrack through the switch bridge room but I guess the only thing on the other side is a few checks
Big difference between just being in go mode for the chapter vs being in go mode for the seed
Full clearing Palace is slow even if you already have everything
Don't forget to time until peach puts her hands up :)
How long is this "short" speedrun?
I should mod my copy further before port
I need more than broken legs morgana
Yo they have quincy from btd6
It would be pushing my normal bedtime to stay through Mario Party, but it's Friday Night, who cares
so what does pot of greed does again? Kappa
It was in a screencap for the pot of greed I need to find the page now
ayyeee, c7 was even faster than u thought
I will take agumon over morgana
Phantom you should put the fat headed agumon in the camera somewhere
omggg!! Ihaven't played thius game in yearrs
It's Hamtaro time! (Cooshy-cooshy ticky-ticky wooooooo!) (Hamtaro!) When we work together it's much better! (My best friend) We like sunflower seeds krumph-krumph-krumph (My ham-hams) If she heads for trouble we won't let her! (Hamtaro!) Little hamsters, big adventures! [Verse] Laura's gone to shcool Lets go to our ham-ham clubhouse We can fix your troubles Just be quiet as a mouse! Watch out for those cats You know they're smarter than you think! But if we work to
Have you not seen the show
HOW DO YOU NOT REMEMBER THE OPENING
I haven't seen that show in 20 years
Do I have to bring my hamtaro dvd's to port
when was the last time you played this game?
so is this game good? never played it but I have watch the show as a kid
ahh... I miss good sprite artwork
yo! its got BN mug shots!!!
love juice? sounds like another word for [text redacted]
why did you make oxnard cry
In no universe did I expect to come back and see hamtaro
who are you playing mario party with?
I can join if you need another
basically the only 1st party switch game I dont have is splatoon 3 lol
I have it but no onilne
the only thing I remember from thsi game was bijou playing moonlight sonata
Not my fault the run is so far behind
what made you decide to speedrun this game originally?
my proof that I finished LMAO
ouu some of those games to learn sound amazing!! Love Pokemon Ranger series
thought you didnt have a DS anymore
how do you stylus circle on the wii u?
.. omg, i'm dumb xD I thought of just the wii
Hamtaro: Ham-Ham Heartbreak is an actual category on twitch lol
why is the monkey the same size as a hamster?
I think thats a fair question
now what the hell did I do with my switch...
Dang I forgot about this game/IP
does this game have any softlocks KEKW
once kilios was doing bn3 for GDQ hotfix and he softlocked talking to mom in hospital room. That was the first time that ever happened LUL
fuck! I dont know that one
was wondering what you were typing but ohhhh it was the katakana on the screen xD
found my siwtch, it was in the dock tho whole time KEKW
was watching a rando tutorial on how to peril loop final bowser, interesting stuff
I must be thinking of a different hamtaro game then for the moonlight sonata :/
I honestly don't remember lol, one of the hamtaro games xD
ouch D: you're playing volleyball with a spikey pineapple!?
didnt know hamtaro was by shogakukan
I want a hamster robot that cleans my house!!
that robot was secretly a pikmin
how much love do you need for any% then?
yo we going to chapter 3
lol I havent played my switch since I played party party with aixi, so its still in there
you drive a harsh bargain xD
I'm assuming that's what it was about
gotta need to learn to ask for directions xD
all this talk about words has me thinking of family feud
you were poking the phantom with a stick... what are you trying to tell us?
Removing uses of Go-P? You should see a doctor about that.
how else would you put a fire out Kappa
I see green and red/pink and I think of mario and luigi automatically lol
what if this was the game that made you grow on here?
They didn't have the power of friendship
I like that it's visual xD at least you won't have to read the text
I dont even might not being able to follow this game, it so cute just to look at
probably talking about their fav food or something since there are so many sunflower seeds around
back when licensed game were fun
Nintendo published everything in that era
I do remember seeing ads for this game on tv as a kid
@buff00n Are you gonna play mario party with us
my first gameboy was color and I only remember playing wario land 3, mario tennis, and kirby tilt n tumble
well that was what my sister got me to go with my gameboy and was my first wario game
my 1st Wario Land game was Master of Disguise. I did NOT care for it
buffoon, try shake it on wii
Wario land is mario but the protag is hot as fuck
So NSMB2 but the plot made sense, got it
doesn't look like a deadly random cult/tribe in the forest at all
what can you do with a rummber band?
thats a slink shot, not a rubberr band Kappa
his face looks like a 7tv
I was expecting Lan to chase the bees away
they shouldn't have lost it in the first place mwhahaha
Ice came for the good game
Ice, you missed the bot quote
PhantomGamesBot: one thing we hate most about bn is its not really anything new lolll
Axl_Sensei: PhantomGamesBot: one thing we hate most about bn is its not really anything new lolll
Why did they pull the master spoon
was that the fusion dance lol
you're not gonna... scoop the water or use it as a boat?
time for them to visit that boo manor xD
I thought you were gonna poke it with a stick lol
spat just needed some love I guess
he doesn't want your love xD
Hey Phantom! Happy birthday!! hope you're having a great day str9ngHappy str9ngLove
Gimme like 5 minutes I uhhh never got up to change out of my work clothes lol
If I wasn't at work, I'd totally play
the not joy con mario party
yeah I'm ready just need friend code
I'll be the 4th if needed, cuz my internet SUCKS
that shit had no reason being as good as it was
Ohrocks' reply confused the Hell outta me
Aight I'm gettin my ass in there
can't go wrong with the tried n' true
It wants to update the game
that update was recent, I played this 2 weeks ago
God why does the switch take 10 years to install anything
phantom why did you make this console bad
I just got the game like last week lol
I'm baffled that Nintendo didn't add shit to this game
Companies hate easy money for some reason
wonder if I'll reach level 99 tonight
Can we talk about this game's menu design?
I just dunno where my sd adapter is so I didn't do it now
@Phantom5800 have liquor ready. I'mma need it if we're doing Mario Party at PP
Buff00n we're money matching there right
We can help you set up on tuesday
we'll get food, grab buff00n alcohol, then setup
I can bring the quadcast I have
Now I just have to win the minigame
I have carryon I don't know what to do with the space LOL
I've gone everywhere with my fucking pouch I'm not used to having an actual bag
Bumper balls? I hardly know 'er!
@Axl_Sensei thats what they all say
"Everyone Wins" is some weak-ass shit
There was times I coulda killed people
Yoshi needs to use the what sticker some more
I'll save it for... special occasions
I'm doing alright. hope you've had a nice birthday celebration!
There is still no way to win it LOL
GG, thx for the coins :)
I dont want your fucking item
I'm about to do phantom dirty
I did then realized I'm short on coins oof
Lowkey getting a headache from that.
I wanna play guilty gear now
I'll fuckin cheat after my rolls
I didnt know who to copy
last time I got meme banned it banned me in cats stream too
Implying I'm not a real mod
Sans has done this in earthbound
I didnt realize you were so close to the star
you burnt tha cash I want the coin star
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! SORRY I'm SUPER late! I'm drunk, was out with friends.
so what you're saying is, you're killing it as usual. lol
I suppose I should start using my items
I totally expected the birthday cake map
cheer1000 glad I could catch the b day stream!!
and this stage is Phantom's vibe
Lost me my last bag smh
Birdo was camping on top of me lol
checking to see if I got a new bit badge.
Nice, would be a shame if someone were to FWEET
hey wait I can do that too
gdi I was gonna gift a sub
I should be close to 4 months.
I like how quickly axl understood he couldn't be in my circle LOL
With like 5 1's in a row
I am out for blood now
Imagine if they put one of the attack fx's in this game
sounds like me the last time I played this lmfao
Sounds like something a fake person would say
I was created in a buzzfeed lab in 2015
If you think about it, aren't we all clickbait?
damn never thought about it like that
I've cucked Taco on this map willingly to stop him from triple steal
TacoGuyy: Ohrocks: I've cucked Broadcaster27-Month Subscriber (Tier 3, 1-Year Badge)Phantom5800: Ohrocks: I've cucked Taco
They/Themmx_four: TacoGuyy: Ohrocks: I've cucked Broadcaster27-Month Subscriber (Tier 3, 1-Year Badge)Phantom5800: Ohrocks: I've cucked Taco
this is actually an absurd amounto f power this magikoopa randomly has
that feel when short on 11 coins
they should port Mario Party DS and call it "Mario Party DS DX: please pirate our games"
gotta have disturbing messages to scare people to never pirate again
I still remember when kotaku tried to get people to pirate metroid dread
people have figured out how to make a rando for dread, btw. I might see if I can get it to work
just noticed I'm in first now
draw among us in the snow
I spent too long bullying you
I had no time to leave LOL
Look if you saw my start for this game
taco has 1 coin for every pokemon
I think that turn was just a net -6 coins lol
@lag fuck him up for this please
"he had a strongerr ping than me"
Hats off to the gamers that are good at timing those
Its all rng, its decided the moment you land on the space KEKW
If you count you're a bitch
been curious, what is the number underneath your circulating emotes?
I can just be this guy
I will gladly make you die
Oops, I didn't realize there was a prompt there >_<
who wouldn't want a delicious 5$, Hot N' Ready Pizza for $5.55? OR pay a dollar extra for more pepperoni and cheese?
also when I did get pizza from my local place, I got sick
Wish I still had the Fweet
so I shouldn't have betrayed Ceasar
I totally dug up that from my deep past holy shit LUL
I have NEVER seen vs roll a high number in this game
well happy 25th mario party next year
why did we grind that game?
all that work and I'm still in 3rd
buff00n is telling me next turn is nighttime, if he's lying to me and I miss boo can you ban him
Wait nvm I can just do it myself
why would you want to make it nigh when it's already night?
I tried to count, was off by one
I think I was wrong on how Mr. I worked
I miscounted bc I didn't know how Mr. I worked Sadge
this is why I'm the only mod
Are bonus stars fixed w/ these settings?
D: I tried to get the happening Sadge
WOT'RE YOU D O I N G
I'm laughing too hard to text rn
Wack controls, not used to that minigame
Is this on og n64? if not I'm reporting you DansGame
I just didn't have enough time to touch the nose
If I touched it at all I won lol
Gerber life can help for just pennies a day
this mini game is comedy if you're playing to lose
axl is in the best position for chance time
THIS IS FROM GC, YOU NUT
tbf, it was never a good minigame
phantom, how many N64 controllers do you have
I wanted to duel you LOL
was gonna ask if you'd be against throwing a good Mario Party on your Everdrive
Phantom, you had like every possible bonus lol
OG mario party over switch online when
I'm very much looking forward to them, actually
I posted a screencap of what my end screen looks like in phantoms discord
Good to play with you :)
waiting on you to press A
Bulbasaur looking a little bigger than I remember
that's the quickest I've ever seen a Blissey die
Which is the better speed control?
why do randos hate whatever pokemon you settle on ysing
Wynaut trees? Don't turn the Wynauts into trees.
just pulls a whole ass bike out of a tree
Either you stole a bike someone crashed/parked or it somehow ended up stuck in the tree
@MarioManTAW the bike cleary belonged to the girl standing next to the tree
Phantom 10000000% just rode off with her bike
phantom would you join jackbox if we did it tn
still no bikes in buildings? phooey
Also our best strive player is in top 8 at roundhouse
He a coolass dude but he is an Axl soooo
@RuneRavenFP We don't judge. Out loud.
YO HE'S PROJECTED TO PLAY THE ONLY FUCKING JACKO PLAYER
I CAN ACTUALLY HAVE SOME GODDAMN VODS
I wish I could sleep that long lolol
woke up at 9am CST, and laid in bed for 5 hours
I woke up at 11, went to a local I didn't have fun at, and am now eating mcdonalds
I entered melee and went 2-2
Most of my family are early risers so its hard to stay asleep after 8 am
I made a melee player mad that I was better than him
I haven't played fox for 2 years
I wish I could fucking sleep before 2am
I am just never tired no matter when I wake up before then unless I'm out the whole day
Melee's THE definitive Smash experience, don't you know? Melee deserves equal, if not better billing, than Smash Ultimate.
I actually had a lot of fun playing it
The melee scene here is cool
But that one guy was not happy to lose to me LOL
He lost to a Ultimate player.
I misinputed jump like a motherfucker though I hate tap jump
I laser camped yoshi and chain grabbed falco
I'm not even an ult player rn
I play strive only practically lol
I just have no drive to play smash and I havent for a bit
And then I got 2nd in ult playing random and mashing
I hit gyro footstool combos as ganon on a rob player LOL
That shit is actually so good and idk why nobody has labbed it
I got footstool gyro ganon fair and he fucking died
You're asking rob players to lab
I'm asking people to lab against rob
Ive just never cared abt it
Dabuz labbed rosa non stop and is now making that mid tier do shit
He could also have just played olimar but that's besides the point
Nah dont you know olimar sucks
I wish he did suck in this game
@RuneRavenFP Nah, I'd rather just keep mashing buttons GIGACHAD
Incin mains telling me that he beats oli is the dumbest shit Ive seen
But you can revenge pikmin :)
You ever play crystal clear phantom?
no but he's gonna clear this crystal rando
I love when a tree is actually a gym badge
you took the whole ass tree
Played pokemon go for abt 20 minutes and got 6 shiny litwicks
Not touching this game for another 5 months
I did it because I like chandelure a lot
The upsides keep coming is the name of my next band.
dumbass bot lyin' all the time
Man HotS is actually in a good meta rn
Watching this offline major comps are heavy on variation and bans are mostly on what the other team specializes in
Too bad blizzard hates supporting it :)
Why did twitch just blatantly not give a lot of partners the 3min of ads an hour option
3m is like an OK amount of ads but past that is just so much
You just tank your viewers every ad break with 5+ minutes
Like who tf doesn't change tv channels when the commercials start
Hense why people like to use streaming services lol
Should I play trails or do another wwrando
Or a 3rd, more sinister option
I guess my only sinister option would be playing jacko
Tuscany is unavailable until you have the Zephyr badge
I started doing them a couple months ago and I'm hopelessly addicted
Location knowledge is a huge part of rando timesave
Like I can do pape glitches but I'm terrible with keeping track of those checks so I'm still mad slow lol
WW I can do both so I have goodass times tacogu1Cool
When HD rando ever comes out tho
What other randos do you run?
After you get comfy with where the checks are I can teach you to break shit
Yeah. I imagine that it wouldn't be.
I had a friend just send me an OOT rando so I can give it a shot, I might be getting in over my head
Yea the dungeons are weird at first
I had issues with that at the start because I hadn't hundo'd that game in so fucking long
And I only run AD LUL
Some things are just rupees yea
It's still going to be a long while but I am so fucking excited for hd rando
If I get the SD rando crowd playing it that is best case scenario I love those people
at least you got fly, that makes things better
Yea you actually get to fly this seed :)
ooohhh, I do early fly and bike. I find movement restrictions less of a difficulty change and more of an annoyance
I assume you use emotracker? What a lifesaver
God the What emote never gets old
You'll have it all memorized soon, this game's pretty easy for that
Give victreebel the sound it makes in the anime
I wanted to be him >:(
think you'll ever toss in hidden items?
It's really not too bad, definitely just memorization again
Ok I'm gonna roll a seed for ww
yeah like theres a hidden item on the last floor in the middle of those panels that trigger fights
3 tiles about the stairs, it's awful
Bike indoors is coming soon I think, some streamers have it
I saw a screenshot of someone riding the bike in front of oak
I noticed the abra a bit ago but I thought it was funny so I let it be
sorry for ruining the bit taco
I'm turning on savage labyrinth, short sidequests, and expensive purchases
Bombs I can bypass a lot with clipping
Leaf is like my laki lol
I've never seen el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo up close until today and I love it
Electrode pivot again? I see that was one of your last videos
yeah pivot's past 30 are pretty unlikely
that joke would've worked better in voice
If I don't like my main I usually blitz cycling road to check the Lv32
Zephyr also unlocks the dude south of violet
oh do you use vanilla leftovers?
oh you added the berry trees?
christ why did my rando ln have 9 hearts
It wasn't even long I just got so many containers LOL
trees add 23 checks or something like that
what game are you playing @RuneRavenFP
As expected people are blaming nintendo for the bayo VA thing
damn phantom why you bullying the level 7s like that
confronting your middle school bully like
I heard that youngster joey has a tough team so try avoiding him
does the 11 above your timer mean this is your 11th seed?
I think you shouldn't have skipped that
I'm interested in your whirl islands routing, so hoping I see that
oh we may use the same one then LUL
welp I might see it sooner than I thought
Ok I am waiting for the girl to steal shit
I've gotten 2 heart containers and a bow on this windfall
the one that gets you a bottle
yeah route 11 is weird, berry tree and a hidden item. No actual items.
the bush below that is the hidden item, nice and easy
one thing I like doing is putting the water stone on my HM mon to save bag space
yeah our routing is the same, aside from the hidden item outside of the one island
I can't wait to hit every optional trainer once indoor bike comes out
arthur is next to the guy that normally gives rock smash
yep, it becomes muscle memory very quickly, same with hidden items.
hey look it's gen 2 venusaur
I play with Ilex tree so I typically get it earlier
I was confused, that trainer is only there after rocket hideout
My recent seed had my squirtbottle in diglet cave
I got all pieces of gear before I could get to northern Johto
It's interesting to me that none of the HMs are technically required
hmm actually you're right, you'd need cut or surf/waterfall.
Once you clear snorlax it clears the right side of the badge gate. That one threw me for a loop.
Gross, anything on E4 is awful
There are 3 hidden items in Dragon's Den so it's a lot more common to have to beat Clair
The worst is when whirlpool is inside Dragon's Den
do you have progressive rods? I was thinking of turning that off
an early super rod would be more fun I think, especially since it's somewhat still rare
Idk how you feel about backseating so I dont want to suggest locations lol
have you done slowpoke well since you got strength?
He tells a spooky story at nighttime
there's the TM lady in goldenrod dept store, idk if that's triggered with the time events
she gives away a TM on sundays in vanilla
mount moon is a time check too I think? with the clefairy
oh you have a cut check in fushia I think
Janine also has two checks, her and Erika are the only in Kanto with 2.
Did you get the gate check north of Mahogany? there's a surf check too
the jerk at the end of nugget bridge always has my progress
why is that clefable taking damage from poison
why was the sludge bomb not super effectrive
why was that not a double battle
you've done the 6/7 days of the week checks right?
yeah top right of blackthorn city
yeah cianwood is only the one check which you did
2 hiddens that require rock smash tho
I'll see u in the tower
you would need 5 badges and 2 pokegear pieces lol, imagine they're all here
Lost item, into Red scale, into S.S. Ticket, into Plain Badge
y0! an x special. AND an ultra ball?! let's go!!
It kinda looks like a bird
could do well since it's right there
I can't believe I'm in bed at 8pm. on a weekend. I'm getting old.
flashcels be seething at dark cave chads
there was a berry tree after that
you Def need that pink bow to complete the game.
It's also really sad that I think it's nice outside right now at 40 degrees..
hey it's also 40 degrees here
yeah it's definitely warmer than average here
It was snowing/sleeting yesterday when I was working. yesterday the feel like temp was like 20.
The acorns are tiny and they're all green
If you're cold, they're cold. Bring them inside.
someone left that super rod there. they were fishing for dratinis
exceptionally rude of u to steal it
I think I'm actually going to turn off progressive rods
was the bike right before cycling road or something?
hmm I always do that check maybe I dont need to
wigglytuff didn't take SE from sludge bomb either
maybe the map for the type effectiveness is corrupted
9 and a half hours AND 40 minutes. okay bot.
you've also got the rest of mortar which is packed
They literally re-used the battle tower graphics for the pokemon league
that's not too bad. next 3 checks you do will have it.
Red will not agree to a duel unless you have a state of the art pokemon gear branded cell phone
You can't visit the professor without your state of the art pokemon gear branded cell phone
unless you learn how to just whistle the pokemon lullaby
chuck is twice as many checks
It'll be both the things you need and a berry
random question. does the tracker still have me credited as a creator?
did they have to deliberately code in chekcs to the elite 4 just to be cringe?
If you go settings > installed packages > Crystal
oh bad news, I went and looked and you may have missed a check in mortar. But I suppose we'll see
after the last item if you go up one more
good news is it's easy from strength side
S.S. Anne locks 2 hidden items too, and they're awful. You can only get them after riding the boat each way.
you surf as you unboard. You can't do it when you board.
did you do the rising badge check in new bark?
Have you tried using the "Find my phone" feature for your pokemon gear branded cell phone?
well that guy lied to you LUL
the snorlax will be a sunkern
oh I guess if you hover the modifier in the tracker it does say day & happiness
you forgot to name the eggs
alakazam is one of my fav pokemons.
I dont need drugs to defeat red, my lugia knows calm mind and recover
red with the level 81 clefable
good taste he knows what's good in kanto
never say "don't crit" out loud
nice, that's a great time for adding new checks
I generally do around 4 hours
I thought that was a pretty good run!
but I have hidden and E4 required
Hey this was great, thanks for the stream
I saw that :p Good stream attempt lol
forgot to change stream key back :)
@RuneRavenFP no! I'm making fun of my diamond friends as they do comp!
Idc I don't play ranked anymore
I have been a humble bastion 1 trick for the past year
the intro theme is so nice :D
Its so funny hes been removed outright
That's genuinely why I've not played this last week
we'll play when he comes back
They better buff the ult when they remove the glitch
Because even with the glitch that shit was mid af
But it doesn't do shit outside of grav
this theme is so nice :D
you should've let me make your seed
Don't worry, you really don't need to do this
Icebound think of the youtube title
good luck on your seed, I'm doing one too lol
The fate of a phantom :[
you can hit trees with bombette so you got checks :)
you can't even do the star pieces can you LOL
You can't get up the stairs
go get into a battle before u get boots
the hammer spin cancels I cant
This is the worst paper mario gameplay of all time
this will be a slow start for sure
mushroom kingdom's not made for disabled folk
I cant wait to do this
this is great next seed I will give you wont start with boots Kappa
so can you start without boots and hammer or is it one or the other
Oh nice! I was wondering when they'd add this feature. And you actually can't jump without the boots?
good shit on non vanilla palettes btw
so much potential for kooper super jumps :tf:
wait before I payout is there traps on
good thing I have over 100k in points CoolCat
That's crazy. I knew if you hacked the 'none' boots in the base game you can jump in the overworld but not in battle. This makes more sense though.
I'm waiting for you to jump before I complete this then LOL
quality setting if I says so myself
now I'm even closer to 100K
the parakarry stairs was worth the new setting alone
Boots can show up up to 40-50 minutes if you're really unlucky
But they lock off so much
Especially if you have parakarry I could see it
can't believe there's actually doubters in chat
Put all your savings into doubting
99% of gamblers quit before they hit it big
I'll put it in Elite Smash
jumpless entrance rando, however, could take a while to find your new kicks
It's for laki before an hour
end of the week we find out if we made it into GDQ!
I've had an uneven number for a while
Hope I'm not too late! Hey Phantom and gl :)
Supreme gave him the pro gamer tips :)
spike literally doesn't know pape, so it's been a slow learning process
Wait so jump was set to off? Lol
I CHOSE TO STIMULATE THE PHAN-BUCKS ECONOMY
alright phantom do not find laki now
Supreme set up spike's seed settings
My only complaint about Pape Races: I don't get to hear/see Phantom5800
Was like a level 18 start or the like
wait what was the 2nd tree
I guess maybe to learn it?
the singular time I don't 323
I mean, I get it if you literally only care for the scavanger hunt and not for battle strats
SheNanagans will humor me and say the Rhydon word during his 120+ hour catch all the pokemon stream phantom
Phantom, I was feeling good about the race seed yesterday until I slowed down a lot after clearing C6, then I see you finish just over 3 hrs???? GG's, that was awesome Cheer100
If the seed doesnt have a chance of getting hard stuck at ch 3 jr I dont want it
If you come from zelda randos (which are really not difficult games), then pape bosses might be a small shock
I've been working solo since I clocked in, and I have a BUNCH of shit to do before 8:30pm CST.
Cheer100 no it wasn't they're lying
lol did you find them immediately
@buff00n This is every sunday for me now :)
I came from windwaker and I love the combat planning with whatever bullshit you're given
That's what makes the rando fun to me
the Chet Rippo into 3 HP Pluses was too galaxy brain for me, I would've never thought of that
@RuneRavenFP I'll pour you a shot of zero sugar Dr. Pepper
But I also just like rpgs lol
I gotta be in the right mood for an rpg
I feel scammed. Bootless start but you found boots. LuL
An RPG has to be actually interactive enough for me to like it but a lot of good ones are so
I think you were also the only one to do that
you played that race so good yesterday
Cold steel currently has like my favorite combat system though
I love how it plays out
boots have to be early in logic cuz a majority of the game requires jumping to proceed
@RuneRavenFP yup I love the combat as well
Grandia still might be my favorite battle system for an rpg
I was scared of having to pull the star stone out again, so I didnt place it since I was also missing palace key
come on laki where are you
I want to watch everyone elses perspective, but the paperaces stream is super laggy even in VOD
I hope that can get sorted
Its kinda hard to watch actively
I just tab over to check the paces
@buff00n That bot quote is what you want to do to every rune factory character you like
@RuneRavenFP That is an allegation that I take offense to, SIR
There are 2 separate homes in rf5 that you would love to wreck
Are skins set to the phantom setting?
Nobody ever told me who flushed them
I was thinking of joining all cards, sadly I'm not available that day
Yeaaah, that's another trick to learn
I guess I could do any% finally if I learn to lure
30 min left to find laki
you leaving chapter 4 early was big
yeah cuz u did not have the note
Yeah, the logic reason was what the commentators also assumed
You got 20m to find tha bitch
Whacka gave you all the coins you ever need
Jumpless start is less bad than hammerless, since you get boots early no matter what
LUL watts shick was 8FP... I stuck with Parakary for 90% of the seed
yeah I used parakarry a lot and watt some
yes plz, I would also love to know
also, for future reference, if I'm able to be in the races I will stream my pov, is there anything special that needs to be done for days where its on PapeRaces?
there was a minor recording gap while we were trying to fix tech difficulties, so we have to splice it together real quick and then we'll put it up on YT. i'll announce when we do, but it'll probably be today/tomorrow
I mean, you can still race without doing the pape races stuff on the weekly
paperaces discord link? is that also in the rando discord?
If you wanna join the restream all you have to do is sign up, join the discord, and then
I'll probably stream next time I participate
guys I think we have lost
It should be in Pronyo's announcement in the rando discord
awesome, y'all are the best, thanks! phanto274BLANKIES
laki plz use teleport to phantom
I'm just happy that people are enjoying the events!
@Icebound777 Yeah, that's what I did this week since it was my first and I knew I wasn't goiing to be able to finish
Sadly I'm partially reliant on the vod upload, because timezones
@Starry_Arie I absolutely love this community and would love to be involved as much as I can
plz laki be on the island
yah I didn't wanna stream my first race either but I did ok so my fear of embarrassment is lessened
@dearlybelovedxiv Same here LUL definitely made some mistakes, but that's going to happen while learning everything
I'm interested to join the races too but won't have the time for it for a few more weeks
Did you get the letter from boo shop?
well there's those 2 life shrooms back
every time I hear hey guys
did you know, that in terms of speedrun gdq compatability Paper Mario rando is the most compatible?
I mean that IS what bombs do
Man I love Leona but charge inputs are killing me lol
Remind me to never like a charge character again
At least I know how to flashkick super reliably now
Jibca told me to just do 2147 to flashkick and ig that carries over into the super input
So I just do 2147 HP 41236 lk for super
@Phantom5800 in the race yesterday you left toy box after pink station, was this because you knew that green/red weren't in logic until frying pan?
I'm trying to make the full pasta for the vaporeon thing but it's so hard
I don't have enough pape jokes to replace sex with
Hey guys, did you know that in terms of male human and female Speedrun breeding, Paper Mario is the most compatible Speedrun for humans? Not only are they brutal in rng, which is mostly comprised of fucking runners, Paper Mario Runs average in 2+ hours, this is way longer than any human could last, and with their impressive rates of preventing you to finish, it's a perfect tease. It also has Luigi which is the pinnacle of sex appeal and will keep you going for hours
something could be on goomba king
wait, how did you reset? are you actually playing in a console? xd
this is a seed of all time
will you ever stream paper mario ttyd?
I picked a great time to look at the screen
TacoGuyy: Hey guys, did you know that in terms of male human and female Speedrun breeding, Paper Mario is the most compatible Speedrun for humans? Not only are they brutal in rng, which is mostly comprised of fucking runners, Paper Mario Runs average in 2+ hours, this is way longer than any human could last, and with their impressive rates of preventing you to finish, it's a perfect tease. It also has Luigi which is the pinnacle of sex appeal and will keep you going for hours
I'm glad you liked it m4
They/Themmx_four: TacoGuyy: Hey guys, did you know that in terms of male human and female Speedrun breeding, Paper Mario is the most compatible Speedrun for humans? Not only are they brutal in rng, which is mostly comprised of fucking runners, Paper Mario Runs average in 2+ hours, this is way longer than any human could last, and with their impressive rates of preventing you to finish, it's a perfect tease. It also has Luigi which is the pinnacle of sex appeal and will keep you going for hours
I always manage to get the pronoun badge and that just makes it funnier imo
I like when their name is changed to they/themx4
were you spin cancelling everywhere in the meantime
that's the slowest shit ive ever heard
how long did it take for boots
game knows you cant last too long without boots
scary route is trying to suck you in
so you literally have to check every single item spawn? :O
sounds like a normal seed to me
Have you been through most of Fortress already?
Cheer30 have to go man, keep it up, have a nice monday albinnKingboo
You did all the bad checks already?
you use the 2nd key in tubba castle?
you have the shop unlock do u not
Did you have Super Boots last time you were here?
did you hit the tree beside marlin house
did u put rip on max?
Sushie was deep in ch 7
I can see Mario not jump now! phanto274Hype
I hope we get more parakarry stairs
nice gl with the rest of the great Goombario. I've already removed my Lucky Star, and now we rich. let's go!! gl phantom!!
nice gl with the rest of the great Goombario. I've already removed my Lucky Star, and now we rich. let's go!! gl phantom!!
over 2hrs late. dammit. what'd I miss? ugh
I guess gearless start can be that way sometimes
I just got back and what? happened?
I'd say the rate you bail on seeds is probably the same that I actually complete them
that's crazy, someone hacked the seed
this reminds me of the first gen of hammerless seeds
clip is not working for me sorry
Wasn't first gen of hammerless before full gear shuffle?
I'm thinking of full gear shuffle e
I think that was before glitch logic I think? so youd just find hammer in shop like 80% of the time
what if all of them get you boots in the 1st shop
If you get boots early again you must play the seed my brethren
you know if you added npc talk oob tricks itd open up more potential checks :tf:
Not going to check the Sushie item?
power bounce with no boots lol
I thought just no jump in battle
I have a feeling u going to fight the fuzzie before chapter 5 with nothing on mario
You can do 5 now monkaS
thats a very interesting feature of bootless
I was about to ask about upgrade blocks YEP
youve been getting better at mashing
at least you can do beach trees without the fuzzies
Could you find hammer here and the Yoshi Chief have Boots?
will have all partners before boots lol
Laki! In under 10 mins haha
gonna have to find goombario for damage at this point
will have every boot badge before boots lol
just dont die or softlock :)
I wonder if there are any spots you can save jumpless
just to know if it works
can you do the jump thing out of parakarry hover without boots?
he literally clipped through the block
full spins so look weird lol
do glitches actually account for not being able to jump?
I was about to say if you go to koopa village youre stuck
Imagine the cutscene doesnt work because no jump
maybe I was wrong about bootless start this is actually not too bad
bombing the boos would be so funny
I don't believe you can bomb the boos
I tested that stuff for "vanilla bootless" (can jump, but it doesn't hurt boo rings)
Any chance you could Laki clip the stairs?
It's because jump first strikes are disabled, which uses the same code that jumping on boos and the watt lantern does
Can you first strike by falling on something?
no, the vanilla game itself disables jump first strikes when bootless
the worst part of this will be not being able to jump out of spins
looks like you're fucking up every time
I'm about to do my first run of this
Plant made a tier list for mario chars and put lumas in monty moles into a tier called "Bastard (fuck you)"
Most based tier list I've seen
At first I thought you had been doing this for 2 hours 45 minutes without boot or hammer due to the stream time and wondered what the hell happened on this seed.
If you literally run out of checks then I'd start to get suspicious that glitched logic doesn't work
though it would be worth merluv/spoiler log rather than assuming a broken seed
could you check the shop in 5?
Can you get to Fortress with Laki?
Can you make Lakielester bounce you up to that block?
Is early toy box turned on? I think it's technically possible if so
Did you bomb the tree near Merlin's house?
Sushie was in Toad Town, it was Laki you got later
Papyrus Plumber Mixed Up without Shoes
there's an underwater item accessible in the jungle isn't there?
para probably the only necessary thing anyway
This is the most cursed setting.
IDK about everyone else but I'm having fun raysJ
strong doubt that weight will be used
Would be funny if this was another required expensive Weight seed
Imagine first boots being locked behind weight.
And Ultra Hammer being needed for star pieces.
parakarry is going to be jacked by the end of this seed
not sure how tall the bullet bill stairs are
You have to hit the item box to fall into the jail
I think but you getting hit from the bullet bills
you passed a star piece if you wanted it.
I was going to say... LUL
At least this seed didn't start with Goombario!
If you can get to Rip, you can probably also do 7
not even subbed themselves either they just want everyone else to have one
You can reach Bombette the other way :)
you don't even have money for rip
Wait does no boots mean you can't jump LMAO
He hasn't been able to cancel spin for like 40 minutes
You know, this is one situation hammer throw would actually be useful.
can confirm you can parrakerry on to the pipe in blue house
omg so late, thank you for the gift <3
did you check the bulb in tt yet?
I wasn't paying attention. sorry. dog jumped on me.
You can probably also do Tubba castle
you have to stop the flying early or u will go over the pipe
43 minutes in and no jumping yet, oh boy.
If you beat chapter 1 you could save :tf:
This is painful to watch lol
I suppose you can sleep at inns since you can't hit heart blocks.
did you disable the boots or just haven't gotten it at all?
wouldnt there be potential to be caught without the jumping part of spin cancels?
or is that past key 2
You might also be able to do one Boo check
lmao what, you can't even jump without boots?
Can you not jump without boots?
sorry if that's like the 20th time you've said that. Just came in
that makes this a bit trickier and I'm surprised that the rando logic handles that
I'm surprised you made it this far without actually jumping :O
@janitorbeav it's a rando change, you can in vanilla
You have Laki for Spike room
I usually do bc I'm really bad at the speed strat
At least you got a hammer
sleep at the inn and heal those broken legs of yours
this looks like a fun challenge, starting off with no hammer or boots xD
Revisit Fortress? I think you had a 3rd key too
The only time Mario can jump right now is jumping into bed. XD
Can you tell where the pipe is if you hammer it?
Are you sure it's possible? I know there are some pipes Parakarry can't reach
@KagiStreams how tasty are we talking
maybe practice on a pipe you can see, for sound que?
I can see parakarry's wing sometimes through the wall, whenever that happens I think your too far south.
ah, I suck at this quote stuff
Any more ch 5 checks now that you have hammer?
you can also do fuzziest now I think
You can't get up top with the flower twirly, right?
I don't think you can get back
You probably shouldn't since you haven't saved.
Def grab a lifeshroom you can't save LOL
Fortress and Yoshis are probably the main things you can do rn
Lots of fights, I can understand wanting a save
This better be the "most viewed" part of the video when it hits youtube
I don't know which is worse, if it's possible or if it isn't
I like how the music is timed with each step you take.
What if parakarry gets tired halfway
niceee, was worried at the end xD
can you even parakarry onto the zip lines?
There are also checks you missed in the middle of the Fortress
I guess you also have access to reverse Deep Jungle now
Starting to get to the point where everything is fight-locked
did you check behind this tree?
lets go chapter 5 is beatable
I don't think that was intentional.
well it'll be in the vod
Inb4 ultra hammer before boots? lol
I see parakery in a new light
you can jump with parakarry for it maybe
Ch 1 fotress? arent a couple of keys available in a shop? I dont remember
I'm glad I could get back for this
I guess that's different from regular falling huh
I get back with my food and you still have no boots
I just realized, you could use the spin to see where you are after the spin in the blue pipe room.
Might be able to reposition yourself better that way.
yoshi chief is gonna have boots
daymn, look at all those high levels chapters
the game really want you to do blue house skip
omni directional partners would actually be useful
Clippy gets you the entire right side
Imagine if Kammy leaves boots here.
You just walk up the blocks LUL
Let me see if I can find the vid
It was in the rando Discord
I think you're missing something here marioman
how many coins for rip? I forgot
Oh I rewatched the video, you did need jump, my b
I could get a pic of this room if that would help
I think the blue pipe is um... half way up the roomunder that group of shaded tiles on the wall to the left...
I mean Boots would end the suffering...
did you not buy the fortress keys?
oh they are not marked on the tracker?
Is that the- oh my gosh the fuckin' odd key.
umm is that what I think it is
You cheated Storeroom so it still could be that
I GOT ASKED TO LEAVE WORK EARLY WHILE GETTING PAID FOR THE ENTIRE DAY
man, no boots is actual cbt
Wait that was actually storeroom key? OMEGALULiguess
woulda been hilarious if that was boots
could boots be somewhere accessible by jump?
had to step away for like 10ish minutes. I miss anything?
bootless + shuffled difficulty seems like an awkward combo
phantom and the awful, terrible, no good, very bad seed
and this is a... guarantee beatable seed?
@agent_classified This should be the title of the vod.
Isnt there a big healing item in 1 of tree on beach
Did you do checks in Sushie room?
These checks are also out of logic
Unless the vine jump is like the pulley jump.
Wait but maybe they're also not actually jumps
Pit, beat 1, blue house, anything else?
There's a star piece on pleasant path you missed
I loaded up the game and checked
half way up left dark blue bricks
think of it as more opportunities to practice
you could open up the pipe to chapter 5
I'm never going to look at stairs the same after this seed
I'm never going to look at stairs after this seed
Wow. Not being able to jump in this game is kinda awful.
this seed is what life is like for regular people who can't jump six feet vertical
Imagine if you had to jump to get that
1 hour and 40 mins in btw
I was going to ask if you could even climb the warehouse w/o boots
get you boots off the table BabyRage
think we need to tell ice to maybe fix that logic
can't wait for the other two boots to be in seven
Make them suffer as you have suffered.
I'm sure the other two are behind the first boots, one way or another
"I'm gonna save" How does it feel?
Maybe blue house skip shouldn't be enabled jumpless
That look in your eyes, that was the look of mischief. XD
that save prob felt so good
time to replay the game YEP
I bet Jcog read "much better" and instantly thought, "You mean better content."
you can beat ch5 now too
Gotta do the checks left of toad town too right?
You trying to manifest it, aren't you?
I wonder what rando does if you had multiple progressive upgrades in the same room.
You say that, but then it could be boots too.
man this is starting to look like a four hour seed instead of 5!
It's my favorite seed so far
that's what I'm saying. kooper is behind weight. that's my guess. let's hope I'm wrong. lol
If weight is required beyond 60 star pieces in this seed, Jcog might never take another seed frm you again. XD
blindfolded parakarry land on the pipe
time for super boots and sushi glitch
you might find the hammer still
I'm reliving my night last night all over again
I rather watch a raw vod then a edited vod
I'm sticking with my yoshi chief has boots prediction
Need Kooper for 7 still Sadge
To think, you could have had this a very long time ago with Chapter 1...
Were there Shooting Stars or POW Blocks or something in a shop?
Do you have access to enough star pieces now with super boots?
I think Koopa Village and Yoshi's Shop both had Life Shrooms
IIRC Life Shrooms are 20 in Koopa Village so you can farm money there
I believe you can buy Life Shrooms for 20 and sell for 30 in Koopa Village
Yeah, Life Shrooms sell for more in Koopa Village
wait I left for like ten min where did three upgrades come from
do you even need the money
Hammers were locked behind the skip, Boots were logically not
I cant wait to see jcog play this seed
Either beat 1 with no tools or BHS with Parakarry
so like, this HAS to be the worst seed you've done right?
Which is faster there: what you did or Laki jailbreak?
little did you know you selected the "suffer" random setting
Just fight Jr on the way back Kappa
we have seen cake mix somewhere
think it was in a shop
you can beat chapter 7 right?
Why don't they let you remove the XP cap on the website when the generator code will?
If people want to make their seeds easier, just let them!
Have you considered generating seeds on your PC?
@orangeisborange thanks for gifting me a sub!
I gen seeds for alttp and stuff just don't work
Isn't the website also open source? Could someone fork it just to make that change?
I feel like 7 had mix
wait was raven technically needed for 5
I can't believe you willingly welcomed Goombario into your pocket yesterday LUL
You were the only one on the restream with him so I wondered LUL
I like how upgrading a partner while on the spinning platform causes the animation to freak out a bit
Honestly I think you would enjoy Goombario sanity one day where all item sprites are Goombario Kappa
I keep forgetting that kooper locks chapters 1  and 7 and more checks
so my boots when the coin block closest to lily, took me 2 hours to find that, had all partners except bow by then, after I noticed I had gear in vanilla. so got ultra boots super early. badges were shit. 8bp power+ 7bp all or nothing, ect. At 6 hours I gave up only missing 1 fortress key. Only reason I missed it was cause it was in vines flower fields elevator room which you cant get jumpless!!
It was more a learning thing for me, but I have a self imposed rule
If I use spoilers, I got find the item then quit
I found everything exxecpt that single key lol
I'll have to do full gear shuffle next time
cause the way my seed was, ruins had yellow blocks which let me skip the block puzzle
also since I did ruins then volcano that made the prologue bush ultra hammer, which is boring
If it this isnt glitch logic I'll try it wednesday
damn wish I watched then, but wanted to go into jumpless as blind as possible
I got the weight, when to boos mansion and couldnt reach the front door LUL
and in rugged you can only check the bush
there was a clip in discord I need to see one sec
yep... Even though Ice told me about it, I still tought he got the logic wrong when reviewing the code lol ~ pronyo
Hm. Weirdness with Twitch chat. Seems like it got disconnected for a bit.
A lot of things in jumpless right now "shouldn't be" but we decided to leave things mostly vanilla, for now
Anyway JCog went live a couple minutes ago
Looks like he's doing OOT practice
so the way zipline works is the game checks for a trigger under it
thats why jumping into it doesnt work
Oh my god, you're still going.
I think it'd be cool if the randomizer website let you put in a seed number to regenerate it on the website.
we started at the same time, is this your second seed?
oh, get a load of this
I needed fortress key and tubba key, I only had the last 2 checks left in tubba and NAPPING ROOM WAS VANILLA!!!
Yeah you skipped the blocks in the forest right?
also how do you feel about spinning without the cancel LUL
after I got my boots I kept forgetting to spin cancel. I went 2 hours without it lol
Lunar stone in the ruins, but behind the 4th key
That moment when Whacka has Life Shrooms.
omg the life shrooms!! first shop, whacka, plus like 2 in every chapter. Its like the seed was mocking me!!
Gee, I wonder what sadistic jerk added the ability to put the boots into the pool.
the whole seed my attack was really low, 6 chapters in I noticed I had p down, and p up
help me talk mitzi into trying a jumpless
water stoen was 50 and it did nothing
I am gonna try a jumpless seed prob next week hopefully its as bad as this
Well, I mean, that's like with the Crystal runs with the bottle and sometimes the SS ticket vs train card. You can technically not find any of them for a very long time, even though the area before that is quite limited, but it may want you to do some extremely crazy stuff to get them.
In before the next seed makes you full clear all of the unknown ruins in order to get over to one area in Kanto that lets you then go back to Johto and then clear through Dark Cave to find the train card to beat Sabrina to progress.
spoiler log in the desert can be confusing but you count from the center room [stone pokey] if its outside outpost thats E3, count 3 maps the the right
I'll probably need your help with it.
did you everr shell shot the tree here and make it crash on console?
And no, when I go to make a plando for you, I want you to be able to somewhat enjoy the plando. That way I'm allowed to make more in the future and am not banned from doing so. LuL LuL
too bad I don't know the game well enough to make something evil
will you refuse to play a plando?
The most insidious thing is to make all item sprites Goombario
jumpless cna you grab tree vines?
If only you were allowed anything higher than a five cap vs Bowser. LuL
25 minutes in I was only missing sushie and bow
How are your sanity levels doing right now?
Surely it won't be another sixteen hours until you're done this seed.
this seed/configuration/logic gets a big fat NEEDS IMPROVEMENT
I'm so glad that you got your own approval, bot.
Oh. Was Chapter 1 set as 6 or 7?
I always forget that I can see the chapter numbers.
still not in go mode after all this time? monkaS
Chapter seven being chapter 1 is kinda funny though.
summary of my beggining, started with goombario, went to flower fields, found store room, got laki, yellow flower room had bombette, tree in red flower room had watt, petunia gave me kooper, and first tree on beach had parakerry LUL
What is sadistic is making dojo master 3 required early as possible and the other  fights as well
wait what was in the block
you cant be mad at that LUL
one seed I did this week I hit a block and goombario fell down the trench. I screamed, "LET HIM DROWN!" KEKW
Just think of the silver lining... of the clouds.
We got the good Puff color.
I never found power rush so I just looked it up, I never spoke to Goombario FeelsBadMan
3 hours in I cleared my first chapter being 5 scaled to 7 MonkaS
so once I founbd jade raven I went to 5 but I couldnt hammer the log to open it phanto274Rage
Do you wanna send me the spoiler log and I can give you a hint or play hot or cold?
did you hit the tree after 2
Lunar stone is likely behind pulse stone
my guess is a block you couldn't hit
omg is it on beach the stone thing
I'm not sure that you would have thought of that, no offense.
You and Axl have forgetting chapter 5 checks in common now Kappa
It's so nice to see you go back to ch5 with boots on this time hah
you never hit the blaock out there
I remember the look on Phantom's face when he discovered that zipline doesn't require jump
Ah that explains it without boots
All I'm gonna say for the Pulse Stone is
let's see...that was 3 hours ago now
Do you remember where you found your ruins keys?
Plus not having boots one really makes dizzy stomp a hard one to remember
And required ultra boots this seed to top it off
would you be doing more bootless rando runs?
As soon as I saw that it was Dizzy chest, I was like, oh, yeah, that's gonna be another three hours.
Oh for sure. The parakarry stuff is great.
getting storeroom is like running down the stairs for christmas
This was a semi plando seed in terms of difficulty
Be sure to look at the shop. LuL LuL LuL LuL
they're holding Goombario hostage, aren't they?
So for the randomizer, what is your difficulty usually? Extreme Shuffle?
@Trevbonk if he is, he can stay there
@buff00n apparently phantom doesn't mind his seduction Kappa
the subtext here is "race settings are ez mode for me"
just saw the quad pain enemy damage o-o
Oh. That block that you didn't get in the volcano? Dolly.
would you do like a lvl1 rando run in the future?
Where do you think the Crystal Berry was?
Next to the fountain gem on the tracker.
kill the E G G - B O I
crystal berry looks like a flower
Its almost over so the game gives you "a cold one"
omg, that emote is called whatshisface
the game also wants this to be over
what if game crashed right now?
Peach and kami wearing clashing colors today.
whats an exciting bowser fight then?
I need to look away. Blue lipstick on Peach though. LuL
I'll wait for the race vod
did you see the jokehow clip I DM'd you?
It could be worse. You could be fighting Bowser after only completing Chapter 1.
oh! I should make a BRB thats just amiibos fighting lol
whens you next marathon in florida?
do u know if jcog played that seed yet?
nice to see you expand your demographic to animals too
let's start a change dot org
It's not out of bounds, it's out of ... region! yeah!! out of region.
have you tabbed while I take a test, have a great run!
I want to do rando today but already agreed to watch anime with mitzi ohheyi30WATTERS
how much to redeem for "subpar RNG"? Kappa
whatever I decide in that very moment OMEGALUL
phantom teasing us with his shirt "hey chat, remember this game I used to run?"
spike gave me 7 ads so I gave up watching axlsenS
I didn't know bowser could heal back to 90
can't say I enjoy rando streams when they start with 25fp and don't do all the chapters. I get it, he is learning. it's just not engaging for me
yo glgl (no audio) (chat) (half watching) (at work)
Hey Phantom! Good luck str9ngHappy pablob3Love
sub 830, looks like you have competition now
I have never found race settings Boring
I got to meet spike when I went gdq
It was a fun event, glad I did it but don't see myself going back, it's not social enough anymore. everyone just stays in their rooms now
I'm trying to be more social
I'm sure TacoGuyy would go if you asked him
I can be social, but I prefer not to be
You're interacting with people and putting time in a game
Sometimes it can be just draining. I had a day recently where I just didn't have the energy to be social for a bit
I'm still kicking myself for missing out on mwsf
It really is a shame, from the people I asked, spike, grandpoobear, keizaron, they all really liked the venue in orlando
what was it you worked on for the rando?
saw the name phantom on the website
for the first time ever I actually went and practiced UHS last night
I think I actually understand now instead of just hoping for the best
I'll have to look at it idk if ive seen
lurking's got a head start btw
he did a run last weekend
I can't stream from ps3, it's blocked
I think you could manage 30
If you guys can go for 9 or 12 hours why not do beastsp again?
Saturday I'm doing bn3 rando. need to get in touch with kirby
don't lie, you had a fun time
I suck so bad at cannonless
when I was learning any% I just ran from bills
I cant clip into the right spot with laki
can never get a good visual cue
I think I just need to watch someone do it with reasonable quality bc pape archive gifs arent great for visual cues
don't you mean his ultra boots?
send them over when youre done :tf:
that would be awesome, I've been curious of the route
I wanna mess with black pit soon
how long would it take to complete for a first time
oh? I haven't seen black pit
that runs well on console right
so like grinding coins to buy items for it?
so will ttyd 64 just add hp to partners?
I'm not familiar enough with ttyd
story will still be pape or is it ttyd story in pape engine?
sounds like itd be a fun playthrough
a new glundo for phantom to run OMEGALUL
I'm doing alright, how's the speedin?
your bot spelled Florida wrong Kappa
an auto scoller... every speedrunners favorite
I'll be at work during your run
when I hovered over the title I only noticed "last week of glitchless"
I thought we were killing it forever
you say rando get boring but this is the same checks over and over Kappa
what kind of software do you work on?
Hello! How's it goin man spaget3Wave swayncArrive
cats you are truly a mod in every channel
phantom said I looked naked without the sword so
Yooo in person event let's go!! shiftLESGO
That was at the Midwest speedfest I think?
I'm gonna make you play a game from my childhood
what if I redeem my 30k points and gave u a jumpless seed?
If only you split on peach...
I watched you at double speed and only saw half of Jake Coggenstein
I couldn't chat in the bot account so I was watching pape races
no call phone 2 step on
I did fine with panels and letters
finished with my test, I think I scored at least an 85? gotta wait for the professor to grade the written answers
I was expecting bot to compare women with item overflow KEKW
we zippin' and zoppin' and zubideeboppin' today?
oh wait, this is glitchless, no zips.
I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that. There was coarse language for .09% of some video and YouTube told me it wasn't appropriate for me.
oh I haven't watched the edit fully. Is it just the old one but bleeps during that one part?
after general guy gotta get anime ready
My game design teacher is giving us our 1st assignment(2 months into school)and its to build an obstacle course in fortnite
The school partnered with epic games so we're stuck
It's $410 if you don't already have a Switch tho
you could, but who's footing that bill? Nintendo typically doesn't do that sort of partnering (Digipen and UW beside)
The school had enough money for over 20 top notch computers, they can afford some switches or at least some wii us
Are you comparing to best splits?
Even geometry dash would be better lol
yeah, I meant that just said it wrong LUL
I usually just run away from him lol
lmao was just thinking about that
I cant wait to see you use parakarry again to get up raph tree Kappa
are you not allowed to do the funny jump here?
Love em or hate em, at least hes got the heart
made it! how's the run going?
how can Mario (who is made of paper) be glitchless when this is a story?
I'm asking real questions cause I'm tired and want to give GL to Mr. Strimmer
how does it feel to play the game normally and not jump around?
btw my name is pronounce dawn-tay haha
nuuuuuuuuu I missed the cooking peach segment
All good. Gl with the run sir.
or do it with hammer :)
I learned Leona can combo into raw max mode last night because of earring
so what you're saying is, there's a chance.
Cheer100 Cheer100 I gotta be honest, something here seems odd.  I'll literally be playing side by side with the same settings (text speed, etc) as yours, but your gamespeed seems sped up and outpacing mine but a lot -- specifically in the heavy dialogue parts where there should be little to no difference.  Very odd...
no run back? what a casual!!
I'm trying to figure out a touch of death for leona
I'm outta here see you next time
so less routing moreso detail fixing?
someone gifted me a bunch of korean emotes OMEGALUL
Let's go. Do you have any idea at all what you just wrote?
yodelayPleasestop this says please stop KEKW
Its one of those, "im going to bed lets see where the raid guides me" then you get random gifts
still shorts weatherr for me tho
It's cold where I'm at too. 75 during the day to like low 40's at night
for the high its a whole 67 degrees here
I run my AC at 69 Kappa
*yells in northerner about how you don't know what cold is*
excuse me sir, Ive worked cold storage for 10 years from 20 to -15
Oh yeah? Well sometimes my toes get cold and I need a 3rd blanket over me D:
where to watch the upcoming marathon?
G4 shutting down again? Nobody saw that coming...
thats pretty cool actually, sure you can meme on G4 but having your own TV show is worth bragging about
To find out through twitter is so gross
not reset over a few seconds? Who are you are and what did you do with the real phantom!?! Cheer100 Cheer100
I need to come up with a meme message for your marathon run under the name "Seventh Try Speedy"
Golmbario get on the bench, Merlon you're up
22:04 prologue isnt awful you have lots of timesave
yea I just have the speedrun mindset of "bad starts are fine if you have a good finish"
Yo! Buy viewers, followers and primes   on mountviewers. com
Yo! Buy viewers, followers and primes   on mountviewers. com
You have to control yourself to not accidentally glitch tf through this castle
Mario ONCE AGAIN foolishly falls for yellow koopa's devious trapdoor trap
Man loves to hit blocks what can you say?
Its funny to me that the pape rando is labeled as icebounds LUL
oof, the bn2 rando is listed there too
Aye, the double Kooper skip. Let's go! PogChamp
Its fine for fucking around in and trying different folder builds but its very X3 incomplete
I didnt want to type very 3 times lol
That good RNG is for Speedy Spin. LUL
what do you think about like say, doing jumpless and starting with 5 coconuts?
@Axl_Sensei Jumpless with 5 cocnuts. WutFace
rando discord just now made a channel for your tracker lol
Its been in resources since march so surprised they made a channel for it
I'm getting to the point where I dont need that now
big chest shuffle was cool until hammer and boots anywhere
They said you got too comfortable
why does it look kind of like a bop it accessory
do you wanna know how bad it was
I was able to adapt to the delay just fine but the controller
at least you won't be playing on joycons
made some changes to it as well
It's definitely possible we left some slop when we ran thru it
esp since I just know some things and don't read every line
I mean if ch2 card lzs fucks you i'm like 99% sure it can be routed around
the problem is not having enough star power for star storm on moles iirc
but by that point you've opened the pipes already
so you can get the shooting star in prologue
on your way to beat ch2
you could, but itd be a lot faster to work it out so you can like
dizzy dial / spiny surge, then trage, then shooting star
there's enough resources in the game that we could force it to
so you'd probably just grab a blue berry or herb yeah
yea i'm 100% sure star storm can be worked around
the question is if ch2 lzs is bad enough for you to bother
how has your controller been doing with lzs, I know it was having input troubles a while ago
but it's so few inputs that it's not that bad
lzs gets so much easier over time
I'm gonna guess 123 until I'm right
well now you have a backup coin
whichever direction I press depends on my mood lmao
Its hard to see when it keeps jumping between the same two trees
I want to see a jumpless bullet bill bridge
EzekielHD and EzekielSD have made their long-awaited return
I've never had the displeasure of being rowf'd very hard, somehow
like my pb is *maybe* 4th
I spent an hour in prologue last night and then encountered both bob-ombs at the beginning of fortress and just turned stream off
where are your biggest time saves?
I mean if you big picture it, you've lost 18 seconds over 45mins of game
It doesn't feel that way bc it's chapte 1, but it is lmao
It's hard to look at it that way for early game
my any% pb has no splits bc I was tired of looking at red
and suddenly I played way better
It is not easy to play through tht at all
I think i've only managed to pull runs back playing like that a few times ever
I may consider playing without splits at least for any5 in particular
I've had way more that were godlike all the way through than i've had that came back from disaster
because it's just frustrating when I have so much timesave on prologue through to bhs and looking at my splits anytime I don't get the timesave (or at least how much of it i'd like) is just bluh
also i'm doing rock climb and early seed now anyway so my parakarry/bhs splits aren't comparable so there's that too
I don't even want to continue runs that aren't at least passable now
like if I lose 30 to bts i'm already done in my head
even tho I could 1:41 with that
If runs never finish then I only want to push the ones that are good
yea literally all I need is a decent prologue/bts and if I can get rock climb and early seed fine I can be a million ahead with a decent bhs
so when I finally finish, i'm done
I'm probably just gonna grind bhs in particular offline for a bit because i'm tired of losing minutes to either the lure or the lzs
before I get serious with the run again
If you get competent enough at lzs to hit the cards regularly
then you can prob lzs bhs
It's only a bit harder than the ch4 one imo
still debating if I wanna partake or not
If I do it'll be beginner unless pape academy wants to give me a 1 on 1 clippy boots lesson :)
I thought maybe there wasn't, but it's out there
If you still want a vid later i'll make one
I'm eventually prob going to anyway since he doesn't have an audio explanation
the vast majority of those have been replaced with videos
arie gathered some folks up like a month or two ago and we covered every major trick
I learned it in 5 minutes and then forgot how to do it
I've been doing the old one cause i'm so used to it
a lot of stuff in this game is like that
the only 31 i'm aware of is ch4
according to the twitch recap ive watched your stream for 1 day 23 hours this month
youll be on for an hour right
thats like more than ive been on twitch the last 2 months combined lmfao
@jokehow where do u see that?
I'm heading out saturday morning ye
@blacktiger51 its a random feature twitch has under the stream on desktop
then I fly back on tuesday morning
you would have been almost on the other end of VA anyway
watched 21 of 22 streams (huh)
this recap thing is making me Aware
holy shit 4 days 2 hrs
going to be lurking dreade22Lurk GL keizaLuck
I usually play yugioh when watching so
I'm fully engaged for the full 2 days ive watched Stare
I'm watching you and TacoGuyy rn
prob why I have so much points
ye I'm a big pace pal
I usually have a few up but only 1 with audio
too much noise melts my brain
I wish the Boo-butler scared Mario if you took a nap at Mario's house or a toad house after his invitation Chapter 3
I didn't wanna assume, cuz I definitely didn't remember
mario kills an innocent, is invited to the manor
Its also doesn't help that I have 2 account for master duel so I usually have something 2 do on it fuck gacha games lol
I make it a point not to play gachas cuz if I started spending money, I wouldn't bloody stop
@buff00n yeah I'm the same way but then genshin impact happened whoops
@blacktiger51 Lisa's in the base game. I'm plenty satisfied with her,
I haven't miss a log in since release have way too many characters
didn't realize that was an emote
I was just trying not the swear
My recap says I watched you for 3 DAYS and 6 hours in september goddaaamn
what can I say. I'm a true fan
look if you didnt want me to say shit like this you should've seen it coming and picked a different name when you  made your twitch account some number of years ago
my og twitch was bx_buffoon_bx cuz "buffoon" was taken
thinking of switching my name on here. it's so dang old
so last friday my porch was invaded by cats
my name is from the 360 days that will like hmmm 2009
@sephiroth1821a I'd have mixed feelings about that if that happened to me
Cats said this is our porch now
we took 2 of the 3 to the pet store and gave them to them
cats adopts the human you know
we're trying to cone up with a name so far top contender is daisy
does the run adopt perma danger strats
simply put the badge into the chest after ch2 :tf:
and upu can get them at ch3 same time chet becomes available
perma danger is mutch better and viaable in thousand year door
post casino ttyd runs hit different
and you can use chet multiple tume and you never force to take hp
the biggest mistake I made in 64 was constantly grinding when 1st doing a danger mario build
were as in 64 by like 24 I wanna say you havta take hp
one thing speed runing teaches you is lvls realy dont matter as mutch as you think
we only watch exp so that lvl up happen at convenient times
hey I suck at shield dashing and I still got a time of 31min
If I ran something, it'd probably be Sonic Rush
a friend mentioned he may pick up running kakarot
I only watch 1 person play sm64
I wanna see if the Frontiers runs will be tame/crazy once people learn the game
I only watch @jokehow play it
never seen the end of the game then @blacktiger51
@jokehow I know how to do 16 stars so its fine LUL
would recommend one of the things said about it was. when google translate wrights a 10/10 plot
I had about 9 people dodge me on strive
flowey vs kefka who laughed better
We ended on an ino rage quitting LOL
and toby didnt get introuble for that
I played 2 sets of millia and my bad moon got thrown
Someone raided me tho I got 400 followers Pog
I'm surprised nintendo didnt retroactively claim the sound
I infinite block stringed someoned for like 30 seconds cause I had full bar and he didn't rematch
so does any obe hear thing the CR crew would do a dub of under tale justice
Why would he not want to play
If they gave it voice acring
cuz they're a loser who doesn't wanna improve or learn
why play if you're not gonna win
that's the whole point of fgs
CR is filled with major VA
RF doesn't need it in a lot of spots but for story/love events they put it in to add more character to the plot
If I'm playing a rpg I am not reading 8 mil lines
They're effective with the limited budget they have
I think studio gibli would also do good if they made it into a anime movie
Grandia 2 had VA'ing during most major story beats, and had notable VAs (at the time) voicing characters major and minor to get the most out of them
@buff00n is 2 good? I love 1
just joined, sounds like things are going swimmingly
alright gonna play it at some point
Grandia's is one of my favorite RPG battle systems
never played Grandia, but some of the music is epic
bro grandia 2 is on steam
ok thw dog is Fing piting the cat
as I kid I rented 1 had no idea what I was doing years later I play it on ps3 and love it
I remember my uncle had me get him a glass of water cuz he was floored at how realistic the water looked when it first released on dreamcast
It wont be log till the cat is bigger than the dog
@blacktiger51 renting RPGs that had a bunch random saves at different points of the game when you're younger and not having a fuckin clue what you were doing is quite the feeling
S O A P C A K E
@buff00n I didn't even get out of the 1st city as a kid LUL
Put soap in this cake ggCake
Not much. I need recommendations on good flags for a Pape rando
you missed your chance to kill gourmet guy once and for all
did you put cake in the soap
Okay i'm not trying to play for 69 hours tonight
I remember my uncle's gf (at the time) had Final Fantasy 3 on SNES. I remember finding the airship, and loving the fuck outta flying around randomly
I'm just glad the sprite doesn't represent bootless start
when we fed the animals the dog ate the cat food and the cat the dog food
I'm just trying to vibe out tonight basically
speaking from experience, that sounds very accurate
Would that shuffle boots/hammers into the pool?
But I'd start with boots and hammer
and make sure you start hammerless and bootless very fun
we mean for the cat to be a out side cat but while its a kitten were keeping it inside at night cause its cold and theres predators
despite having watched this entire run so far minus when I got up for dinner
I somehow forgot this was vanilla pape
yeah I forgot this was vanilla for a second
I was trying to do rando for a whole day
cat nailed me good when it decided to jump on my leg
well i'll have you fuckin know, mister
before I use my points in the future any talk on a plando for pape?
I cant get into rando lmao
oh I thought lopez was a cat
there any routing with the coins
okay i'll never know and that's okay WICKED
@sephiroth1821a you being a cat @realblopez
I am a cat enjoyer CoolCat
I remember when this was a no Goombario stream tghSad
I was gonna make a bomb joke but I think I could genuinely get banned for making one LOL
an ice maker that goes on for that long? monkaS
been gaslighting me for a year
I'm a fake phan, I don't know wot's in 3 days
In 3 days it will be 8 days until the next pape races
I'm going to completely forget the days it'll be active
It took 3 days to make that egg salad  3 DAYS!!!!
I didnt realize games list was soon
Ig I don't really care if I get in
If it's during new years, it's dead to me
Watch me get in and have to grind windwaker for 3 months
how would tpu feel to be invited to gdq as a runner
what if you took the main slot
"In your opinion" man thas a fact
I just want BS Zelda to get it's damn spotlight
I've avoided saying that for optics reasons but yea
literally none of the showcases have represented the rando community in the slightest
just random big streamers who picked it up
Zelda game randos have been there right?
Idk what you were talking about, it was on hotfix Kappa
The 2 marathon runs I've done I felt way more comfy than just a normal pb run LOL
Or just co op world shit
When you treat it like a showcase of a run it feels way easier
Looking at the folks that have run it, I'm inclined to agree
I think I'm pokemon tapped out
no offense to anyone who's run it for hotfix or whatever but it's weird that none of the pape rando community have done it yet
and they all jack up the levels when that's such a big part of planning
they're looking at short ones aren't they
there's so much depth they're missing
Hot fix where all the randos live at
And it's not like you guys are high and mighty like "You're SLOW so you're not part of us" but they just don't try to be a part of you guys or learn for the showcase
I don't even know what times they got or settings they used to be snooty
I went in here raw lol
why even play the pape rando then
Like play it however you have fun but for a showcase it would be nicer to have the cool shit shown
So we only got this much time for you
were rando community ppl submitting or
oh are we talking about hotfix having lame settings for pape rando
I remember seeing the stats at the start of one of those and getting disinterested immediately
I haven't really felt like submitting to gdq at all since rando even came out
what happens if that spike ball hits Mario, is it a Game Over?
the marathons ive done were mostly things I was asked to do
like imagine starting a zelda 64 rando with hookshot lmao
Imagine starting wwrando with leaf and bombs
hookshot and also a nearly maxed magic bar
throw in the lens of truth for good measure
starting zelda randos with hookshot or bombs is boring
do you think lava parana is hard
did you before you were a runner
"for this seed, we're starting the runner with everything at the end-boss"
even before speedrunning he was pretty easy tbh
I understand if u start with sun song but anything else c'mon
The only boss I had trouble with casually was huff
yeah I think huff is actually hard the first time
I mean phase 1 does a shit load of dmg and can't be stunned like that
I remember geting stuck on him back in the 3rd grade
unless you're a mega shock gamer
I think casually as a kid, Huff and Puff and Crystal King I didn't have fun
you can kill buds in phase 1 tho
I just remember trying to fight invincible tubba a lot as a kid
only if you are ready to
they don't spawn back which is hype
my stupid ass mashed Mega Bomb, Air Raid and Burn Shell on Final Bowser when I was a child
I put wvery thing in hp pacticaly like a dumb ass
Idk m4, I was spamming star storm in every fight
sushi tidal wave just destroy phase 2 as a kid
sorry my immense prejudice against that move made me forget it exists
TTYD I mashed the FUCK out of art attack
Imagine if star storm was fast
star storm was my favorite move as a kid
Imagine if star storm did 20 aoe damage
that's a star power in TTYD
the 2 to 3 star spirits saved after getting Star Storm was like: COOL, I CAN USE EVEN MORE STAR STORMS NOW
I would refuse to use star storm as a kid beside on bosses I use to save everything I could
pape mod where star storm plays the thunder rage animation
Pape mod where if you star storm you die
well it took so long to charge the star meter unless you stacked Deep Focus and wasted turns Focusing
@mx_four someone make a pape faster quest
what is the best start for rando
I did JR skip and 5 girls knocked on my door
my leg still stings from the cat jump
speaking of starting does anyone even start in a diff location then toad town
homeward shroom in toad town too op
If there were more warp options that didnt break the game somehow itd be a dream
oop, that's how you spell prolong in Spanish. My b
I hecking love coin flips BatChest
the bee is good game design
adds replayability making each playthrough unique
the sound really puts me to ResidentSleeper
these cowards at RPG Limit Break are only running 1 story Octopath. Final boss% is only 4.5 hours...
But it's ok. I love Octopath
It's probably marathon unfriendly. I think the final boss strat is pretty RNG reliant?
oh, looking at the galdera strat, it seems consistent.
what did you save for last?
I didn't like dying to Galdera 4 times and having to do all of those refights
the final boss area was just brutal
the fights were easy, it's just that there were 8 of them and they were HP sponges
That was the part about it I don't like it
and then you get to Lyblac and Galdera and whoops, looks like a party member got paralyzed or instakilled and now you lose
but other than the very end, Octopath was a great game
I don't know why they did the mobile nonsense with it
to come out with a sequel next year
yeah I want to play the 2nd one
I'll pre-order it by the end of the year
I'd be excited for OT2, but Theatrhythm comes out literally the week before
I'm not paying for that one fortunately
I heard the game was really hard
Octopath? It's not that bad until the very final boss
you can make it on yourself if you don't know you're doing
Its on gamepass so 1 day I will try it
generally, you might lose to a boss because you didn't have exactly one thing prepared that hard counters their strat
I still hear that in my dreams
whenever I'm done with my games I will renew my gamepass and try it
Bravely Default 1 was the best one
Too bad we can't get it
Bravely is fun if you like crazy job systems
well there's a rumor that BD1 may be getting a remaster
I don't like the 2nd one all too much
bravely Is really good for like the first half of the game and the rest is really annoying
Bravely Second is meh, imo. I enjoyed Bravely Second
1st one had the best story
I don't really want to play bravely 2 without playing the 1st 1 but I know u can play 2 before 1
yeah, BD2 is seemingly disconnected from BD, but Bravely Second is tied to BD
I love dragon quests 8 was amazing
It's 3, and which other games?
I gotta get back to 11
I been told to touch it
to be fair all dq and octopath are bangers
octopath ost I had to download
Mashed millia 2d and felt happiness
first DQ game I played all the way through was 9
I'm thanking about re playing 8 been awhile
Se typically doesn't fail on music
In strive if I do 2d on block I get supered/dp'd no matter what and in xrd I'm + :)
the ds dragon quest games were really good
the remastered of 8 on 3ds is the best version
I play millia but in strive she's dookie shit ass
9 was cool, but I wasn't a fan of the party of custom characters. I didn't feel like a natural part of the story
So I play jacko there :)
I'm a GG scrub so I played Gio lmao
I don't plan on grinding it if you ever wanna just fuck around in xrd I'm down
Like it felt like when I played in training mode
waiting on the Xrd clips for this month's With It Kill?
I like knocking someone down and not letting them play
Any faust that's not strive faust is toptier, funny, and bullshit
Strive faust is OK now but his items are blatantly worse and he lacks god buttons like he used to
Although most of that is because of the massive buff to 6p
they just didn't want anyone to enjoy Faust whatsoever in Strive
To quote Jibca "They put legacy characters like Anji, Millia, and Faust in strive to bait people into playing low tiers"
Crow is genuinely better than door was now but door is so much funnier
Oh nago is worse than release sol dw
They let him special cancel his dp and his command dash and he has even better conversionability than sol :)
I remember Sol at launch. So many stories
Sol at launch was a lot but he wasn't as strong as the current top tiers honestly
F.S putting them in 5k range was dumb as shit tho
as I stare at Zato really
the streamer's trying to focus on the run, but also wants to add to the current discussion
Also the fact they let him keep his 3 frame 5k despite removing it in xrd LOL
It's ok phantom we can talk shit on strive later el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
As I clock another 100 hours in it because I like funny minions
Jibca only hates it because of what it did to events for a while
Cause bbtag was seen as the "new blazblue" so they didn't run CF at a lot of majors for a bit
And it is blatantly not blazblue lol
But as its own game it's mad fun
Blazblue CF is genuinely in an incredible spot but the lack of new content means new players will never play it
But that community never fucking dying
I play one charge char now and I hate it :)
"I don't play charge characters" SAME
Leona is too cool for me to not want to play
Chun is easy as shit because she just has god buttons
The specials are like zoning or an ender so they're not hard to charge
gimme rekkas, a fireball, a dp and a command grab. That is my character.
So you'll play Iori, Kyo, and K' then
I can say from xp in 15
tho I might play Orochi Chris cuz he has Iori's flame pillar FOR SOME FUCKIN REASON
Rock is also really good rn and his command grab is very funny
If by some miracle, they throw Kusanagi in as DLC, I'll play him
I'm just sticking to my Athena/Kula/Leona for now
I like Athena, I'm just not a fan of her jump.
But you do get unreactable fastfall mixups
Mario, we present you a crib, so you can have a pleasant nap on your way to Bowser's Castle
Mario, you wanna fly to the front door? Or to the window that Bowser knocked you out of at the start???
I think of Bowser castle and remember how much I disliked how much was added in here
@buff00n the ship ran outta gas
like ok Bowser castle huh but why does he have the water segment in the castle rofl
I've only ever seen double drop once before
Do NOT mash a after jr
too bad u cant just yeet it
I really like how it drops it from where they're standing too
you might be the second person to ever get that
If you were playing ttyd that'd be incredible
It's a sign for pb right? 8)
@morpheus080 Have you gotten every instance of bad rng possible
I haven't been 3 capped on huff or ck yet
shoutouts to getting 0 transform one run into getting 3 capped the next on jr
If the hammer bros wasn't troll
Well, that's a rollercoaster of +/-.
walking into the second tower and the guitars come in Kreygasm
Alright, found the clip where JCog got an even dumber double item drop than the one you got, lol
It's not over until the fat koopa sings.
both from the same enemy spot
He's gotten it twice, there's another clip of it too
oh he got two from the koopatrols LOL
Do NOT mash a after jr
popping off for bad rng EZ
wait that pfp worries me maybe I shouldn't have shouted the acc out LOL
I don't trust sfm minecraft pfps
I dismissed it on my end
uhhh lemme shout out someone cool instead
you can't just take back shoutouts, how bad do you think they'd feel?
Okay what was Jr supposed to do there
not have such an early cap
Junior is an always-on channel featuring the best in Minecraft, Roblox, and Kids gameplay. Mods, animation, roleplay, tutorials, hacks and more!
No life shroom? Damn. Really living on the edge.
@mx_four Yea I trust this 0% LOL
yeah you're 2 in 3 to get the good rng on jr
doesn't feel that way in practice tho
and you get some stupid high bounces
high enough to skip shell shots which is dumb lmfao
better than average but that isn't saying much lmao
peril from fire cuz buttstomp is slow :)
this fight is god awful with parakarry
this fight is why I will only ever do spook lmao even if it gets hurricane anyway in ch7
this entire mario party call: "he's gonna get clawed"
do another jump after you hammer
the flowchart is bounce as high as possible up to 6
If you get a 5 or 6 do nothing, if you get a 3 or 4 do timed
5/6 is 20/21 dmg, 3/4 is 18/21 with the sushie attacks
you wanna hit 20 per turn
while keeping your fish in check
It's good it just has too much math lmao
you can also drop at 5 no matter what
the benefit of 6 means that if you get a 4 cap on the 2nd bounce you can untime
but the benefit from this is minimal, it's like 0.3
so some ppl don't bother for 6
You ever notice that this in the only game where you actually see a koopas feet?
Phantom5800: I can't say i've ever thought about hammer bro feet
@Phantom5800 say the word, and I'll time out @Allegrenix for spreading cursed knowledge
And I'm not going off of durr hurr feet fetish funny, more of hey that's odd
look how beautiful it is that all their children died alone in the jungle
rip just snap a ribbon cable in my ps5 controller trying it fix it
the x button didn't work anyway and my other controller my spring on my r2 broke
I was taking a chance to see if I could fix it way harder then a ps4 controller fix
@buff00n anyways even if you did time out, it still won't change the fact that you have this knowledge which will live rent free in your head for all eternity monadoKEK
@Allegrenix lol, I barely remember what day it is most of the week
If you don't do ch3 lzs, you have 20
I know too much about this route lol
the tutorial was my third run
I got 3 capped on ck
What is your top tier favorite cookie?
and then in #2 a small optimization I made to moles didn't work and I died
a man of culture you are
That's my favorite, but my top tier favorite is seasonal
I had my 'congrats, welcome to hell' message typed out in anticipation of double 4
You can only buy them around 'Christmas' time
They stocked them finally at my local grocery store
every year the christmas season encroaches further
can't wait til we're starting in september
I left 2 bags on the shelf
@mx_four oh near the end of September , I was at Micheal's and they already were starting to put Christmas stuff out
Like the fall solstice hadn't even happened yet!
I was trying to do a hyperbole
Now granted it was just like one island (? I don't know what to call it) of Christmas stuff
Bomberman Gameboy was great, or maybe I'm thinking of Wario Blast
why can't Bowser just lead with fire breath here? smh
don't you get bored of playing the same thing over and over again?
I'm planning on doing a run tonight but I realized its been like actual weeks since I last completed one monkaS
4 hour run with 1 min of wiggle room on estimate EZ
doing stuff in the real world for once, dropping a lurk and good luck.
No throwing until I get back
Prologue, it's whatever, so long as the badge shop is nice
I'm about to take a shot
what did I miss? just got back from watching the resident evil showcase
resident evil 4 remake gameplay looks fucking amazing
does it look like itll be better than re4 on wii
Ive heard wii is the optimal platform for that game and idk if I should believe it
your menuing is getting clean Kreygasm
have you seen that spin jump thing to skip half the puzzle in rando
you spin jump from the lower left side onto the top of the cage thing
I havent tried it but I saw it in the rando disc iirc
frick it I'm loading fp quick
If you wanna see it natertater posted it in strat-vids in rando disc
might be annoying in a run
@jokehow the remake looks pretty good the wii version was the best version for the original version tho
I didn't see what happened but I heard your reaction
every time ive ever done that ive reset
work. the usual. Thinking about Seattle and getting hungry af.
would have joined sooner but was watching the RE showcase
yeah I'm hyped for the content
2023 gonna be a good year
I am so hype for re4 remake in march after seeing some gameplay
silent hill 2 remake looks good
Silent Hill f gave me a new fear of flowers
hoping all of the silent hill stuff is good
watching those flowers made me uncomfortable in ways I didn't know was possible
I have no idea what they do lol
I've heard blooper is amazing and i've also heard they're really bad since the announcement lmao
I should look into one of their games
the last I remembered RE being scary was Code Veronica
I'm sure it'll be a video game
along as I get a weapon I pretty much like any horror game for the most part
haven't picked up a horror really since
I couldn't get in to outlast mostly cuz no weapons
I need a weapon pls and thank you
I'll be dissapointed in you for yourself sw
why the hell are they different tf
a man after my own heart
I split for chan, lee, and all 3 masters lmfao
I think my lee split is called bounce x7
this is unreasonably hype to me
all bosses is sick and kinda comfy
but I really don't like the mashing at the end
god I wasnt even talking about bowser lmfao
you have to power shock super blooper
Its my primary rando strat but the consequences of dinking are too nasty in a speedrun
In rando you just try again
the pain of goombario being in the game
or like have a pfp there and be side by side rather than middle lol
a practice mod that only goes through peach cutscenes
I messed with it for like 5 min and seems good
I wonder if that will be a trick allowed in the rando race
I think ive changed my mind on my run lol
on bad runs ive tried talking with kolorado and walking in front of merlon's son in starborn valley
someday that scarf softlock will put a run out of its misery
"oh darn softlocked looks like the runs over" :tf:
I think I'm attempting a lvl1 playthrough tonight
I'm probs gonna try to beat all bosses
I wanna try more challenge runs but idk where to start
I will simply learn all of hallway and final mechanics tonight
ye worst case scenario I think base game allows for some cringe
I think I'll actually have to use star spirits
just do the phantom version of master 3 fight easy
I'm just gonna run on fp
I'm sure theres a mod out there but I still dont have an sd reader rn lol
can you explain what happened in my rando last night?
I was in volcano and got an encounter at the same time as touching a firebar. After I ran from the fight I couldn't touch the firebar.
did you try jumping in lava
Probably similar to the issue with getting a trap while encountering
See ya later upgrade block in volcano
So whats the difference between all cards and 100%?
Is learning it from PMA a requirement?
It's scary how Goombario is so useful in vanilla
there are links to external google docs versions of the routes on the pages if you prefer those
totally, but please remind me :)
there is supposed to be a whacka eat there
too bad vanilla doesn't have a heart block in chapter 6
after the maze fight it does say to eat a whacka if you don't level
okay so after last mole it will now say eat a whacka
sorry about that, we did run through these it's hard to catch every error LOL
a lot of saves are covered by the tricks saves
you're going from right to up like immediately, try stopping once you're past the center of the pillar then just slowly moving up
stop then switch to up instead of going from right to up
yeah stop like just past halfway past the pillar
that was it, now the timing
It took me so long to get this down
try to activate laki's ability as soon as he flies away
try focusing on super early and work off that
they are not optional lmao learn them
ok fast flood is technically not required but please for the love of god do cannonless
I didn't write in the backup (dizzy attack) because I really want people to just learn cannonless
Is this a new room Kappa
wait I looked away what happened LOL
we really tried to make this fight better but it was unbreakable
game consistently gives me 1-caps keizaDerp
try it let's see what happens NiceSoftlock
dunno how that got messed up
yea it says always go for highest
lol that's a very funny route error
I just saw your tweet lol
pls send me those practice saves when you get the chance lol
I missed the kolorado whale softlock :(
It seems so simple but ive now failed it twice
I was going for ch4 card lzs before deciding against it and then realized I signed myself up for cake
I had to afk right after sending that
all cards sounds fun maybe i'll pick that up
and people say you can't speed up time
theyre gonna fly around in circles a few hours to balance it out
can I kill the yoshi kids on eng?
Randomsauce is a beast, so fast
whenever random goes live its a treat
did you mess with the super boots jump thing
Oh tyty for all card saves
being harassed by ai smh mh
lopez' are probably way more streamlined and useful lol
I was doing them for anything I could think of and still missed a lot of stuff
maybe the yoshi kids deserve to live
I want to know what they did to the pause menu on switch
I still have to buy the advanced nso or whatever
yo glgl (no audio) (chat) (watching a little bit) (at work)
It's a game that came out in 2001 and the pause menu can't run stably on a 2017 console
I'm not happy about it but the yoshi kids will remain alive on my current file
I'd slap the reset button with a double dink alone in that route lol
I think at that point i'd put my pape cart in a box with my wii U and switch versions
I almost rage quit after I started beamed the hallway duplaghosts again today
Feels bad after mentioning it because I already did it once recently
WOW vanilla fortress key!!.. wait a second...
I made my phone wake up alarm the Paper Mario Chapter start jingle so that every day can be Prologue
@needaname37 This mfer wakes up everyday thinking he just reset a run
Imagine if one day you woke up and you were mario playing prologue
you wouldn't even let gk do the honors?
spear guy, fuzzy fight and both of them made friends
had coffee before I walked out the door
I've don't my best to not be a coffee guy and it's worked out so far
compared to how much in vanilla?
I think one or two are
If I had to watch the shadow queen thousand minute cutscene one more time I would've lost it
Like the final epilogue is I think
well ackshully phantmo some people mash slower than others
I'm slow mashing but I understand
are those few more minutes really gonna change anything
Look man I wanna hear what the partners are up to
I need goombella to tell me that koops is still a scaredy baby
All I cared about was Yoshi kid
and the child is going places
Look man what if that baby gets really lucky and is on WR pace into epilogue
Okay. do they count the end of Epilogue in TTYD
But their movement sucks there and there only
I thought it was literally just mashing
what if I started running and lost wr to epilogue
In TTYD, I thought it was mashing text
@Nekonayzz See but if I hit a 1 frame later than someone I might not get WR
hehe can you press B fast enough?
Now even Paper Mario Epilogue is slightly more technical than TTYD
when someone showed me you can duplicate badges in ttyd, I
I didn't know what to say
You can also just buy like
you can dupe lucky day in 64 Kappa
I love just buying 6 power rush ps and having a instant win button
Goombella or peril mario is rng heavy at shadow queen
You do for hooktail but you sell it
Only have to beat hooktail because theres no way to get back from chapter 2 if you dont
If someone finds a way to clip through that wall no need to beat chapter 1 anymore
Well in order to get super boots and leave chapter 2 you need to talk to punio
Who only appears after beating chapter 1
Cause he opens up the path to the pipe
So you can actually clip into that wall to reach the pipe early
But you cant clip back out lmao
At least not a way anyone has found
There's another TTYD gless race today and I'm hard debating if I actually ever wanna do another gless run again
I died and I don't think I saved after the yoshi kids
wait a minute a race of ttyd gless?
@Garioairio Yea the community tries to do races every week
But everyone doesn't wanna do gless every week
They did an any% run last week
But back to gless this week
I can imagine ttyd gless is already not the best run but to race against others?
I'd say most average times are like 6:30
I remember sway like would've got a sub 6 one race
But chapter 3 RNG literally shapes the whole run
Yoshi and Monado have sub 6s
Yea a lot of people drop out of the races at chapter 3
looking at the bn3 rando and the latest fix was... Fixed a minor bug with how Elements are chosen for Battle Chips/PAs during randomization that caused a crash to happen in the Randomizer program
all i'm saying is a -40 volcano might be just a teensy bit hard to run against
my brain just shut down when you said 'bow split' and I was hearing mt rugged song
I'm not sure they needed to be there ever but I don't even remember what bootler says
I didn't think it would be there
but it gives down time to update tracker Kappa
figured the text with him would be resolved and you could just waltz into the mansion
I bought a new washer today
what if the game just didn't have cutscenes at all?
my laundry machine was leaking really bad
phanto274Pacepal I want an excuse to use this emote
tomorrow is the day for the gdq list phanto274BLANKIES
can't wait to see your name on the list
I'll hold the hope for you
In a world full of failed reboots, who could have guessed one of the worst would be the reboot of a gaming news network.
I'm not sure what any of the slot results mean but cool
I have, but it wasn't a pb lmao
Ive done it in more than a few randos though
I'm just doing it once man I swear
we have a canon name for joker now
I thought he always had a name
"beacuse the language was changed, the protagonists name will be set to "Ren Amamiya"
yeahm but this is the first time in game its been mentioned
cant get more canon than that LUL
I need to buy that game now
discord is asking for hammerless, bootless, itemless start now OMEGALUL
I say yes just so I can make you do it LUL
oh? I dont know who chan is LUL
update on my uhe journey: still haven't landed it
I haven't gotten oob once yet
How are the runs going, Phantom?
not only do you need to go really far left
you have to hold upright after you get past the inviswall
he has one on src, and a pb that's almost sub 350 but missed it by like 3 seconds
he thought he was gonna beat it and never uploaded
It's still slower than void though
don't forget to upgrade parakarry this time
was you suppose to lvl there?
uhe hurt my thumbs so we're taking a break
spike top thought 'I would look so cool with an italian impaled on my head'
so you need to stand for like a second to fix it?
you can wait for just a few frames and it'll work
It's annoying though, I hate that guy
I'm marrying prologue tomorrow and every pape runner is invited to the wedding
my any% average is literally faster than my pb so I cant say anyhting LOL
I heard water helps you pb
I heard beating bowser faster than every helps you pb
nintendo let me in on a little secret: using glitches saves time!
10 cap final is childs play
what a chaotic fight you just put in my head
Imagine knowing that would save you
11 capping bowser is a new level of pop off
Ive never seen higher than a 6 and my average is probably 3 at this point
I got a 6 followed by a 7 in one of my randos
I just shit on him that seed
I knew I could count on you
Phantom5800: I'm glad chat enjoys shit
this game's community has been irreversibly corrupted
I was innocent until I ran pape
I'll never forget the time someone went "are the paper mario viewers a cult? more at 11" during one of my marathon runs
outsiders lookin in is too funny of a reaction
pape seems like such a normal community depending on who you watch
ok so for a while pape can seem mormal
I want to know who you watching
most definitely seem like a cult
we are all weird as shit but at least its a good time lmfao
I definitely don't watch mark drtoadHug
there is literally 0 drama within the shitposting pape clique
I wish it was easier to do that on mobile
as a person on mobile now
I still do it but it takes like 5x as long lol
you can copy but have to manually type out the username
It's harder as a mod on mobile, I almost accidentally ban someone in marks chat every time I try
no personal feelings if I get time out by someone on mobile
I think taco once accidentally banned me while he was on pc
Imagine having your phone in your pocket and you butt ban someone
ban someone before you type gibberish
buttsbot: imagine having your phone in your pocket and you butt ban someone
mx_four: buttsbot: imagine having your phone in your pocket and you butt ban someone
It's evolving, that kinda made sense
TacoGuyy knows that one trick the PJ64 devs don't want you to know about
get the emulation community PISSED at you with ONE simple trick
ok got the buzzfeed out of my system
ty for the new articles m4 making them as we speak
bruh why am I like this
I don't think that was supposed to be a joke
I'll show you my fire flower Kappa
look at this picture to DIE instantly
ok now the buzzfeed is gone
well that's bc I didn't post it
please don't post it m4 i'm too young to die
damn it, I was so ready
everyone who doesn't want to die, look away
Idk about these guys but i'm not ready to reset het
I'd love to wake up in prologue rn
set your alarm to goomba village song
I didn't even know a pow was possible there
5% from 2 of the fights and 2.5% from the third
It comes out to roughly 12% from at least one of them
nope, switch fight's item slots are mushroom and honey
and the third pit fight can be either pow or mushroom
which is why it's 2.5 instead of 5
Twitch loaded that for me when I tuned in LOL
Peanut beat a kazuya player at this ludwig thing
That kazuya player has to retire
That is literally a char that is you but worse and can't do your counterplay
623 throw also kills that fucker at 0
Coney is using the piss on the floor analogy and nobody else understands
Yea I should stop I'm sorry
bowser has a really boring diary
why put yourself through the suffering
Alpharad is streaming the ult side
too bad my f is low for the game
All their adapters are also 3rd party according to jesse lol
He lost sets to extra delay and c4 rng
I was feeling a bit of glitchles myself, thanks for curing me
why not give glundo a try @rigby234
Big d just beat a zss lol
I made it. gl on the run.
I've finally found another prologue lover
"An E. Gadd bidet would go CRAZY" - Coney
I consider it paying $50 for a really useful tool
that I would have bought if it cost money
I tried to pay the pape rando creators but they didn't want it
pape rando and your tracker have brought me joy during pandemic
Thank you, had it for years lol
oh that freaks me out that paypal doxes your real name
I use my real name but that's because I work in the industry and people would find me anyway
I learned jcog's real name once because I was using his account to test something on speedrun.com and it had it
I like Lewis because it's my username and actual last name
In person I only really would if we were at a fancy place for whatever the fuck reason
But I'd never do it in chat
I'm fine with either with friends but on stream or at a tourney I will only respond to tag
I went to a streamer's wedding where his family called him erik and his friends called him shado
one time I doxed myself by accident by loading up my wii u, showed my email lmfao
One of those how you got to know someone things. Barb is still barb, not Kris lol
YO ANOTHER RF ARTIST FOLLOWED ME BACK AND THEY ALSO DRAW RAVEN PogChamp
The power of having rf3 in my twitter name
If i'm using the splits to figure this.... carry the 1....
Is the run 13 with a remainder of 7?
It's even better when you realize they're shiftBeter
This event is sponsored by a bidet apparently
Coney is currently explaining to me how the remote works on the other monitor
I'd buy it if it was @Garioairio
the egadd bidet paired with the poltergust toilet
are all of your chapters in two splits?
I feel like random is gonna be my eng speedrun guide for the harder tricks
where the modern warfare 2 at.. or resident evil village dlc at.. or Mayonetta
holy crap a 2 hour uhe journey has ended
first time I got oob I got it
I think Frontiers unlocks the day of my flight
dude I can't start getting on the uhe drug
u don't play anything do u lol
trying to make the dude who crushes skulls as a form of greeting relatable was a step backwards for the God of War series
man I love staring at that freeze frame for 27 seconds
The number of cutscenes is atrocious. It should be banned. How was this the norm!?
the only cutscenes that should be allowed are the ones with gourmet guy
SMB3 and SMW didn't have this
I understand it's a story, but do you have to leave me out of it? Give me interactive, "Yeah that's great."
wouldn't this be the tongue you're standing on?
Thanks bot, we get it lol
Zipline wasn't a jump was a trip LUL
I'll be furious if they don't accept anything. I've been continually disappointed with their lately decisions
I've played the beginning of pokepark wii so many times but i've never beaten it
I think the farthest I ever got was collecting wood on the beach for some bidoof
that seems wild that mmbn has never been on gdq
I just don't understand the decision to go against anything interesting. I guess it's big pockets but then why bother with an audience outside of sponsors?
Then that popularity contest. ugh, no thanks
Any better hotfix than last. I'm appreciative of those who stream, but I saw another 30 start and was angry just remembering the hotfix
ok but what if you did lp skip here. you would save so much time
dude I love the part of this game where I see moles
I also love that part with goomba king
I gotta pick up the pace you're catching up to me
I can't even remember where things are supposed to be during a normal playthrough cause I only play randomizer now.
never played a rando before but I forgot what the reason you had to do moles was
I wish I could be known as the guy who discovered bean skip
You think you can save big in Chapter 8?
I don't get it how does laki 4 cap affect huff?
I think big d qualified lol
He lost to steve and has shit on everyone in losers
Testing out a new sewing pattern
You could call it a very gay zebra plush
I bought a pattern specifically for it too
Yo thanks. Even if I spent like 3 minutes ona fight in the sewers because equipping badges is hard.
KEKW  if that was the worst mistake, thats a really good run
Chapter 7 is intense even without that skip
The pattern has the llimbs be it's own piece, so I'm planning to have the stripes run horizontally on the limbs, and vertical on the body
I also star beamed ch8 duplas so it's arguable.
Make it be a bit more natural
KEKW  that's true, I forgot about that
And I got some rainbow faux fur for the mane and tail
have you tried getting amnesia? @know15
I gotchu, I'll forget for you
And each hoof will be it's own separate colour
Red, gold, green and blue out of this metallic fabric
@garioairio I've had some spats of short term loss but that's because concussions
There is no 'yellow' metallic fabric, hence gold
But right now I'm just trying to figure out the pattern using scrap fabric, it's a bit more complicated then the pattern I normally use
A lot more sewing concave sides to convex sides
How do you only try to block 2? Like mentally?
either my headphones fucked or you are muted
I believe in this castle segment
I can hear game sounds but that it
weird cause I hear him talking
I unplug my headphones and plug them back in now I can hear you
which chapters are most rng heavy?
course you get 5 troops too
At least the mythical 2 turn wasn't on this run?
I could give you a sub 3 rando seed
trying to decide if I want to play this game
I love the scam text that tries to get me to pay for the netflix account I don't have
I'd be shocked if it was successful
I hope one day someone gets a phone and their first ever text message is a scam text
I got a scam text saying my monthly charge for prime cannot be processes I dont have prime
I have no idea my mom have it so I don't have to pay for it
I've done the bowser castle water room 3 times on this same file
I may have died to the cannons twice
I meant that more as lawl than lol
now you only need 70 more dollars of value off orders
I wanted to try but I'm in the middle of something
I hard bailed out of the last race I joined lol
I was in a weird headspace and was like nah
If you want some bad seeds, my luck has been trash lately
How my bombette rolled bomb fp 8 and Parakerry 8 fp
I have a hard time not getting really disappointed at my times in any rando I play a lot
damn just got here, that goombario start.... yikes
the complete stone face as you buy attack fx e
I wonder what all these star pieces could possibly be for
Goombario and Kooper first? Is this even randomized? Kappa
Nothing like a good old Sunday race before dinner
Don't tell me, Bow on 20?
It looks like the game wants you to get all 160 star pieces
I wonder what happens if the first time you see that mansion scene you have a partner only accessible after ch3
Well there's the last Star Piece KEKW
We hope to hear of those details later Bot
the bot hates details and needs to stomp them out?
That is still the case. For the 20 slot it is 23
There may be others if your tracker is correct
but that star piece could buy you a mushroom
You can go to almost every chapter now, right?
what is this 25 minute inventory
B L O O P E R
I like where this is going
1 BP Fire Shield for emergencies, nice
But YIKES those Pow Pluses WutFace
Parakarry somewhere I wasn't looking? Stepped away a second
I still don't understand what it means for something to be in logic or out of logic
The randomizer uses Logic to ensure a seed is beatable
What's the Yellow Berry tree doing in the Oasis?
but the rando let you leave after taking to the mayor does it use vanilla logic or rando logic for item placements
I made it. hello phantom and chat. how is everyone?
If the game says it's in logic, then it could be important. Thats something rando has taught me well on
No Watt for G Yoshi Kid
gl on the run. sorry I've been inactive lately. family stuff.
Ugh, and Chapter 6 LP too. At least you have 4 Jump Power
Wasn't there a Fortress Key in Toybox?
It is, after a map reload
the iced potato respawns w/o a map reload??
phantom why won't I just do the water room normally
I don't even know fast flood room lol
I'm just very determined to do tricks I don't know how to do
H E L L - Y E A H
so uh my cannon death counter is now 4
gl on the fuzzipede fight bot
playing a seed that you'll be upset during most of doesn't seem like a good ide
I think you're doing fine honestly. everyone makes mistakes.
What are the chances other people didn't do blooper 1 or bailed on kbf koopas
In b4 phantom stil ltakes first place
I'm starting to think i'm not good enough for a danger mario setup
this is why we should save the yoshis :)
they should pay every racer for making this seed
you were actually ahead of everyone else when you started mentioning feeling super far behind. m4 didn't have the key from blooper, jcog didnt have the portrait from kbf at that point
I mean, I don't blame you. Everyone gets tilted by rando at some point lol
Yeah, feeling behind is quite taxing
But if it makes you feel any better, Merle and Mayor had nothing
you are too good at it
I want to try a race with only the intention of completing it, lol
I do think this GDQ is more playstation orientated imo and I kinda like that
only 4 mario games and two of them are a race glennj5BONK
but final fantasy 7 is a ok like wtf
the only run I seen of paper Mario at gdq is any% ace and any% glitched
kinda staring at the games picked
3dw is cursed I feel ya
glennj5CRY ive converted the multi mario crew and look at us
I dont want that tho, I'm selfish :)
All the good runners are underaged
It's been 4 years since the last 3dw any% run and none from the switch version
you ready to run down the list of acceptable runners?
In order of leaderboard placement, preston (inactive), rays, petey (inactive), movefish (inactive), me, bluex2
so 3 out of the top 15 would do it
the top 15 are the only ones who have beaten the wii u wr time
did you already do the race?
I really need to get the community back active glennj5BONK
ch8 jr went surprisingly well, he attacked twice and missed both
I'm the boomer of the community wtf
I wanna be the 100 year old still playing pape for sun 350 gless
the route is in my brain
and I gave myself enough pb potential so it could be cool to happen there
The World Ends with You: Final Remix Nintendo Switch Any% Normal  3:10:00
Tony Hawk's Pro Skater HD PC All Goals  00:22:00
cant believe phantom will be dead next week
I thought you left this weekend, ngl
ngl yu-gi-oh forbidden memories shouldve made it in
where can I find the list?
I just woke up from a nap
whats the best way to switch between alt and main twitch accounts on obs
what are the conditions for final to heal?
I wouldn't be against hitting up a grocery store
so if i'm 5/5 (100%) and he's 9/99 (10%) he can heal?
I'd suggest not losing 26 seconds
I'd rather not think about the game i'm playing bot
I think the mail is here
thanks for the glass in my eye, Bowser!
getting peril in this castle is harder than I though
wait it's easy i'm just dumb
I was trying to block a hammer bro first strike
@RuneRavenFP grocery store once we land in Seattle
Should we grab phantom first or just go on the way
If we grab phantom first we're grabbing food
@RuneRavenFP Phantom 1st. I'unno where the fuck a grocery store is in Seattle
He wants to hang out with his favorite 2 people
I'm 1 and brett is there on friday
I'm just the best he's got on tuesday
That first chunk with no action command always makes me feel strange
Also I set that moth free as soon as it got dark out
Bitch came from cali he earned it
No part of it was moldy otherwise I would've lol
It sat out there for a while because a coworker thought the moth was funny
can you put it out if you opened it?
I do for a lot of things lol
There is tape on one side but it opens from both so it doesnt matter
Phantom do you have cookie m&ms up there
Cause I'm going to buy a bigass bag if you do
They're new as of the summer
I will buy a bag of those and a bag of peanutbutter
TacoGuyy got heavy into GG and recently decided they're they/them. The GG pipeline is real.
I've mentally been they for like a year and a half
I just went by any because conservative ass family
I'm back. I was in jcogs stream just to see where shit was. that is a ridiculous seed imo.
I like this run goombario is here
Imagine a world where kammy has 50 hp and twink builds up damage one by one till kammy dies
Only lost to 2 people this weekend
But he lost 4 times lol
The seeding was actual dogshit their pools method was horrific
Was it a fight you had to grind
Geez, that bad of a seed?
Also y'know how Leo said he had joker for "a handful of people"
He never used it after dabuz
my 111 will come again eventually
I was too late to type, but I was gonna say 232. almost had it.
I wanted to watch the event on break at work but it was on yt and I have ads there
So I found a random ass restream on twitch
the Ludwig thing, or something else?
It just occurred to me as I got into phase 2 that I got peril for no reason
The production quality was very low compared to other shit lol
Other than what the event was it felt like a local in terms of the stream
A well run local but still a local
It was scuffed af from what Jesse said
Comms loved it because they got free food and shit the whole weekend
Players did not enjoy it from what I've seen lol
I would say maybe that's why I didn't like double down but we also got to show up to our pools 30 minutes late because of jesse so LOL
Grey ass venue literally put me the fuck to sleep.
Spend it on some gamecube adapters maybe @ ludwig
supposedly, they had better/good adapters just sitting around.
Also imagine being Big D, doing very well in your pool, only losing to shuton, and for doing that you earned
You will simply get another better pace
get the bad runs out now
yeah I can actually watch this 1
I didn't know you had a youtube lol
the rando? I seen it live
If its a older video before july prob not
I didn't know about you until early august
Idk if he still do them tho
I know he did dark star
been so long since I watch a lets play
I use to watch a lot of super mario world rom hacks lets play when I was younger
zfg started a vod channel and he is doing alot of randos now
Is this a brand new thing or are you referring to the highlights he uploads near daily?
yeah just a couple the vod channel have raw videos of everything he does now rando stuff
I walk around for 1 min and miss trees nooooooooo
When this game was new I was really stuck right before chapter 1 started because I didn't realize you had to talk to the fortune teller
I played and beat and loved TTYD, and then when I went back to this game I realized TTYD is like 70% this game
fighting the TMNT again I see
I got stuck in chapter 2 when I was a kid
n64 games weren't made to be easy
my video game store didnt have one in stock
the order of buying the shop in chapter 2
I never owned PM64 but I rented it a ton, the funny thing is I went through huge chunks of chapter 2, 3 and the end so I wouldn't doubt a younger me would've just beat the whole thing if I just knew to talk to Merlin
there's one close to my work tm tho
so I'll check to see if I can grab one  there
I'll at least get credit so it aint all that bad
Its like 100 bucks now I think
Imagine the koopa troopas' faces when they actually see what their boss looks like and it's the same guy on the fright jar
that like 60 to 80 can for that
why is all caps frick a bulbasaur lol?
haven't seen Mario in vanilla colors in a bit
bombettes hit box is so weird
guess the wall hitbox is big I was typing this out before u said it lol
desrusting is done, time for a big boi PB?
I'm guessing they wanted it to be hard to get a first strike with bombette because doing 4 defence piercing damage is a pretty big deal from early in the game
see? That's the attitude to have
cmon phantom you played for 3:30 hours with minor mistakes you can last another 20 minutes Kappa
congrats on your auction win bot
So what's your favorite chapter in this game? Casually or speedrunning
Yo. Good luck with the run
...is this fight not in the randomizer?
wouldn't he trigger if you ran back to ch1 that way?
and you never ever go back that way?
What should I eat for dinner?
who's the red guy on screen?
keep up the distracting questions, chat
What should I have for dinner too
I can't wait to come back to this cat and save like 10min for free LUL
my Gless PB is Booty cheeks
you phantom could you do me a favor and go fast? thanks!
I think my pb is a 3:56:xx IIRC
I have to just remember how to not cheat is all
yeah but if you were green, that wouldve been the best earlgame you've done
phantom in very attached and this red frightens me greatly
I'm pretty sure I threw my last Glitchless run by accidentally doing Lava Puzzle skip
now is skipping charlie day a glitch or not bepSmug
ch 5 is so dangerous for accidentally glitching lol
hey phantom I am totally not trying to distract you here, just dont look here :)
the developers did not intend to put luigi as an option
I have a 24/7 7-11 that closes at 10pm
What glitches aren't banned in glitchless?
where will you go for Nacho Fries in the middle of the day
It's a cold day in hell when Taco Bell is closed
green mario skip was originally banned but not now
the ch5 pihrana's a glitch technically?
Only like 3 people work at our Taco Bell so they're only open from like 10-6
Is putrid piranha skip the only reason you run jp?
It's weird to define the Putrid Piranha first strike is goofy
quick jumping, hammer canceling, spin canceling, action entering a cutscene, overlapping cutscenes, pie jumps, parakarry across the top shelf, putrid piranha first strike, cannon jumps, luigi skip
that sounds more like a "regional difficulty tweak" to me
I always swap to bombette before entering that room bc I started out running on ENG
those are the ones in the src rules
dont forget there is a bomb hit box for a tree thats behind the lil oinks machine and a hidden push out of bounds so maybe its a oversite
by the way the ruins are cursed
I love the reaction of people playing this part and not knowing the chomp can jump the wall
made it for a run. gl!
does that increase fight length by 2 turns?
Rng doesn't believe 'in our favor' is a real thing
Guess what I did today jcogSmile
Just realized that group of Boo's held onto that record because they knew their one Boo friend would be dumb
the boos not giving a star piece? what a concept
If you guess taking a 4 hour bus ride to NY just to see a doctor for 20 minutes, you'd be right
It would be kind of funny if falling chandelier chest was randomized and one just spawns in to scare Mario
But wait there's more, the bus arrived at noon, the appointment was at 3, and the bus to take me home was at 5
still here just a big lurker monadoWave
some people don't even have twitch accounts
I never even realize i'm lurking
I usually just don't know what to write
I never know what to say when I join a non speedrun stream
I lurk if I'm still working for the day
Though the trip wasn't too bad, to get to the doc I gotta go through the fashion district
I'm almost finished for the day and then I'm going to play pape rando
but HOW is that first strike
they gotta reel you in to buy stuff and look fashionable before you get that diagnosis
jumped on the end of his club LUL
And none of the fabric stores I went too had the fabric I was looking for ch0mskYtilt
I went to 6 different store
Okay one did have some of the fabric
But it was a 1 yard cut minimum
And I only need 1/4 for the project
You went to 6 fabric stores? I don't even know where one is off the top of my head
I would love to have 3 gay zebras in my house
I can buy a shelf and put them above my bed with a sign that's says 'the council will now decide your fate'
2 is too little. 4 is too many. 3 is just enough
@luigiguy098 I mean I was going through the fashion district and generally you need fabric to make clothing
Like there was a store dedicated to just stretch fabrics, there was another dedicated to just like trimmings
most discord I am in is either muted or @ only
Ooh I see. Was the 1 yard cut expensive, and / or you just didn't want leftover material?
90% of my notifications came from servers so dms always made me excited
ah, being excited about dm's, the joys of youth
so this just in with twitch TOS, a streamer got banned for 30 days for having a channel point redeem for [x amount of points for a gifted sub/vip] which is against their TOS. so I was just letting you know in case anything happened or anything.
It beats dreading dm's as a large server admin LUL
which sucks for me cause I almost got 100k for VIP FeelsMemeTeam
It's not like being a vip gets you special control of the stream
I was just letting you know cause this is the first I heard of it, and I saw the TOS and it does say that for both
@sartaglo I'm a mod in a discord server and sometimes I like to DM the owner with just 'Hi' to annoy them
for real a voice actor I watch sometime have x points for gifted sub hope he doesn't get banned
@Sartaglo i'm sorry I don't know what that means
the name of the streamer who was banned
ohhh is it? the article I read didn't name him
phantom you're forgetting to do the glitches!!!
was just reading an article that says "some viewers have suggested Spreen could have fallen foul of by offering the chance to win places on his Minecraft server, PS5s, as well as other high-value items."
that's what i'm saying, but I guess it's just good to have it in your mind in case it starts to pop up more often
I will be back in 10 mins hopefully the run is still going
don't die to lantern ghost :)
ayo this is the part in the run where you bake a cake for 4.5 years right?
I wonder what a cake with goombario baked into it would taste like
that one second could be the difference between pb and not
He gets no cake, nor love
all the cool kids are doing it
I made it back and the run is still going
was the beginner all cards route a good one? I saw you do some testing on it
I love ch5 spear guy lure
@Garioairio you ride the train 4 times so no
no way to get around it without clippy boots though
wait m4 weren't you live what happened D:
It's the best route it can be given the constraints
you dont do clippy or lzs so yes
@Starry_Arie I had time for exactly 1 run, got a 10:44 goombario, and turned off stream
I couldn't even fit any practice so it was to be expected
you should see the pre-bhs any% runs
I have ADD-HHD OCD ASPERGER'S DEPERSON ANXIETY SEPARATION ANXIETY AND PTSD I have been playing video games since age 5 with Sega Genesis
wait do people say that to you often
that's certainly something to see more than once
Is there a new manofsteel in the house or
this fiery death trap is an illusion
yea mario just woke up here
yo shoutouts to the derust I did the other day where I forgot to push the third block
this is actually 5 lil oiinks
maybe kolorado tripped and kicked mario over here
hence why we never entered the volcano
so they had to hit the first screen of the desert oo
because you had never entered it
what happened I tabbed out lol
parakarry struggled to lift lp so hard that the console turned off
We need to life the bosses
I mean it's not like he's rooted in ground
9/10 can we Lift Crystal King
can you imagine how terrible of a speedgame this would be if you could air lift bosses but the % chance was dogshit
you think parakarry could lift tubba?
It would be any% no air lift instead of any% no ace
don't forget any% no air no ace
100% of runners lose this fight
I'm sure at least one runner has always reset before dying
If Bowser just Fire breath while powered up
oh, gotcha. Thought you meant you got actual pings
yeah, I have those on as well
just giving everyone else a handicap so you can snatch more rating
wait what happened to the last run?
pls dont tell me you forgot to upgrade parakarry again
he air lifted lp and was shocked when it didn't work
I did the same in my run yesterday, except the laki upgrade in ch 6
oh btw, I have another ironmon run going at S.S Anne after the unfortunate steelix incident
Idk if better is the right word
but its stats aside from spdef are kinda jacked
the moveset is kinda meh tho
I have nothing for steel types
rock slide, hyper fang, bite and horn drill
horn drill is my steel answer
we take those horn drill 30%ers though
I just remember 12yo me replacing Dugtrio EQ with Fissure and not realizing what I'd done
my flareon fliches everything, thats how I'm winning
I had to stop. took too much of my energy
the turn that bite doesn't flinch everything goes to shit
I'm just kinda hoping a gym leader tm is a fire move
I only just started, on seed 36 rn
you don't get lucky to leave
Back to the lab again bawkGun
you have to get lucky to leave the lab?
before flareon I had to do swinub vs whiscash
flareon was my starter, none of the pivots appealed to me
seems like flareon is working out for you so far
Sometimes the starter can be good
the only good mons had worse move sets
so I just stuck it out
brock had 5 baby pokemon 2 of which were a treeko, so I one shot with hyper fang anyways
I havent gotten there yet, I'll start up again in a bit and will likely make it there
Diglett tunnel is the last Pivot
anything past that is a wrap
you'll be in the 40s by Diglett
It's you pivot at the beginning
or you pivot at the Diglett
I kinda wanna check diglett tunnel, but at the same time I wanna hold on and see if I get that one coverage move for flareon, thats all it needs to be viable
rock slide, hyper fang, bite and horn drill
ok might need more than one move, but an option for steels is waht I lack
If I get flamethrower its a wrap
so I'm kinda wanting to play for that
Just finished up with pape seed. Had to last location the Bucket for all my ch 2 items
did you get 123 on fuzzies yet?
never say that to me again
2013 is year of the fright jar
Pie has awful luck since his Low Level Super RPG run
how did nobody realize that pow block kooper was better than fright jar city?
I'm glad i've only lived with 2022 pape
I'm semi glad I started living since 2020 pape
after flareon becomes champion I'll celebrate by cringing
maybe itll be time to get good all cards back into a gdq
can you beat paper mario without menuing!! (gone wrong) (haunted)
I need them to accept the Pape
I really wanna see glitchless at gdq tbh
all cards was the popular category and stop n swap is an interesting specimen so it makes sense
Do you regularly play N64 games for stream?
I remember when phantom was a dog island streamer Sadge
Oh I will 100% be here everyday then
what category would you take for OoT?
I have like 5 games on my "I wanna speedrun" list and instead of learning new thing I went back to glitchless
only because it's a game that I can legit practice on my way to work
thats one of my 5 games I wanna learn
but I'm too busy getting sucked by pape
Rigby234: but I'm too busy getting sucked by pape
5 inputs in a few frames seems a bit difficult
well you have a cheatbox now
goombario is a man of canda
you didn't get to see the 7 attempts it took me to spell canada but just know they were there
Do you like using Retrotink on an N64? Asking because I'm thinking of buying one
Good stuff. I'm slowly learning how to retro capture. Are you using S Video Cables?
I'm probably going to get 5X
Good to know. Gonna budget and save up when I can. Just got a PS3 that plays PS2 games
Its probably not as good a capture as Retrotink but I gotta say, PS3 actually makes the games look really good
Should be native HDMI. My Elgato HD60 does a pretty decent job
My Elgato HD60 is about 6 years old. I might get a new one since mine kind of stutters.
I've been thinking about getting a new cap card recently after some audio stuff being dumb
Looking forward to streaming Resident Evil 2 on N64 in the future. Appreciate the advice bud!
but my avermedia has just been randomly stopped receiving audio, it's happened twice now
Have you seen the 'HD textures ' for this game?
like, I got to goron lullaby in a run and mid cutscene, the audio died
I think the white outline ruins it
granted the run died after cuz of sirloin but I don't want that happening in my pb's lmao
I had to deactivate my source and reenable to make it come back
I see the PB pace is looking very doable
update: flareon died because he hit himself 8 times in a row
I was about to say that
I've never heard of one good hd capture card that has no problems
My Elgato will just die sometimes too. I probably just need a new one. This one is old yeller
No no no, we don't worry about that LUL its still going strong and we take those
what part would you say is your next most dangerous?
there's a lot of death in this game
very big running theme of speedrunning this
*bro I hat my fingers sometimes
If you spin wrong, you straight up game over if you don't have a life shroom in ch3
true, Tubba's castle is kinda hard movement wise
that rng bee is why I lzs there
yeah I feel like c5 has so much forced combat in the jungle
not even about the time save
the pathing in ch5 jungle is super narrow
yea that makes sense, I get slapped with encounters in the jungle in randos
If that bee swings at you twice, better start praying on the way back
It's actually so dumb how fun this game
LUL  I was just thinking damn this is a hard run
cuz there's a lot of stupid shit in this game
I can do something about it:
glitchless has it so rough with the rng
I think it's dumber than all cards on that front
and even if you move well, you can still get caught
true... the more I think about it the more dangerous/tight this run is for the time you're going for
the thing that gets me about this game is that it's just sooo optimized at this point
yeah definitely pros and cons for sure
hey while I'm here, if its okay to ask when would be best for me to claim the rando seed?
I assume it's like sway, jcog, or butter's pb's splits
so used to seeing mostly spook I forgot their pb is on hurricane
my hurricane pb missed a block on blooper lmfao
really funny way to lose time
that might have been a spook pb
yeah it was a spook run
I would grind hurricane if final wasn't dogshit
rather just use the hybrid route
I did super watt for a time before stopping
It definitely helps a lot compared to shell shot
yeah the back up is what would get me to try again tbh
I was close to being the first 3:42 but lol final
was shitting my pants being only like 20-30s behind my sum out of ch6 lmao
If the back up worked I could have still 3:42'd
but it was before random came up with it
It almost happened to me the last time I played all cards
just randomly got 4 capped on my first bounce and was shook
It's only happened to me in all cards so far
that one also never happened to me
that happened to m4 once I think lmao
yeah lopez gets trolled by lantern ghost lmao
I saw blue house skip and lost my mind
speedgames with excessive sequence breaks are just so sick to me
I'm gonna have to rewatch that one of these days
that first paratroopa fight might as well be a fright jar usage with how it is now
modern pape is definitely in a better spot than 10 years ago lmfao
I saved my game and then instantly got crit one shot (persona)
It would've looked so cool tho
I'm slowly but surely making my way through ttyd any%
this game makes 64 look like an actual baby in comparison
I did tre for like almost a week
got it 2nd try today without any visual info like angle and positioning
making speedgames worse for no reason
just left work, whom are we slandering and talking shit about
GL on this run btw <3 this is my first time in chat lol
most/all the shittalking I do pertains to Ultimate Marth, and rightfully, no one heres cares about Smash
I like smash, dont have time to even remotely try to be good tho
nice, ultimate is what I have the most experience in
going to let's make moves miami this weekend, it's weird to think I haven't been to a major since early 2020
when's the part time job that pays for everything of mine and lets me do stuff smh
when you make a tiktok side hustle work
see i'm not trying to hustle, I just wanna live comfy lol
"We need a pipe" "I beat Super Bloopers ass enough that I'll figure it out"
the day the movement doesn't work is the day you fling your entire goddamn console on the nearest window
I forget vanilla, do we get power rush/mega rush at this point?
Power Rush is in Peach castle right?
I wish power rush was in a not shit location
any of the runs even use Power Rush?
any% would be straight up unwinnable
mega rush and close call are just so terrible for speedruns lmao
what kind of controller are you using??
If it was just power rush, I think the wr routes would be nowhere near as bad probably
except no ace but there's no saving that shit
LUL I was wondering bc on the input display, the analog stick goes back to neutral perfectly and I thought (theres no way on an N64 controller)
Like what is the no ace part I'm trying to understand
this music sounds like something about of banjo kazooie D:
well at least the beginning of it growing
It's some of the most asinine stuff i've seen
I like this one and Crystal King
less than half a second from gold, SADGE
I like how much effort the devs put into all Mario's animations and also that they gave him SPIN TO WIN
I think I remember that from childhood. I like that he has eating AND drinking animations
I dont think ive ever used lakilesters blow away move on purpose lmaooo
whats current WR in this category?? also yea that double mash looked rough
which one of those is the real Bombella?
the gpu didn't have to draw updated green bar
nintendo sure made the tediousness of this one VERY obvious lmao
gamer's what for midnight snack? I got myself some cheesy chicken instant noodles
what do you mean when you say encounter? (answer when you dont have to focus as hard)
gotcha so hitting an enemy by mistake
jUsT dO bLuE hOuSe sKiP LUL LUL
saving up the coins for the blue house skip x 100 redemption on mx_four's channel.
I liked that last part of the game, it was in a Prologue area so it's good
Are you spiritually prepared for the upcoming cannon jumps?
OH MY GOD ARE THOSE NUMBERS ALL GREEN?
local gamer goes through DARK CAVE without FLASH
suddenly water temple from LoZ OOT??
Bowser's castle has water in it
This is Super Mario Brothers lore
It do be having that ONE water room tho
Good, it's one of the few videogames worthy of being called a "must play"
I have niftski followed on twitch now that's a real gamer
next you'll say you won't even time out bowser
Imagine bowser being a homie offering u an honorary title in his ranks
getting the low caps out of the way early COPIUM
Isnt there a community meme that this is where runs die D:
I can offer thee a proton of Prayge
I actually can't redeem it for some reason >.>
D: I used 500 of my 600 gained this whole stream lmao
need that 100k for the vip slot
lmao an ad on final bowser would be so troll
just get all the ads out during Prologue
3 hours you got this D:
Bowser can't leave getting away with this
I dont remember that healing move omg
Bowser don't torture us like this
let the mario gods do their thing
rip never get attached they say
phanto274GL phanto274Facepalm phanto274Love phanto274Thonk phanto274Lurk phanto274Mash phanto274Jam phanto274Rage phanto274Gold phanto274Sip phanto274Cry phanto274Pacepal phanto274BLANKIES
so how do you feel about the full shuffle races?
I'd you don't get it today you get it during sgl which is pretty hype
Man when I had my Ultra boots in Ch 8.
Yeah what happened the last run
I'm playing that pokemon fangame where you make your own gym which type should I be?
sorry phantom there's no 'uhhh' type
what do you think gk does in his spare time?
you can collect all the badges ?
use the badge what spin is more faster
seeing all the text in this game does make me see my dads reasons for not liking games with lots of reading
the asterisk is for luigi skip and luigi skip alone :)
I see no reason to want to skip luigi he's so cool
why you game is in japonesse ?
you use bugs to the spedrun ?
What should I nickname my chinchou
I'm catching up to you lol
my rando total playtime is almost half of yours
after talking in discord I'm intertaining the idea of weekly async routing
based on 163 attempts I'm gonna guess 320 hours
some finish, some don't leave prologue so I averaged everything to 2 hours lol
the water type gym's signature move is scald in this game
I DONT USE BROKEN MOVES IN MY GYM
Imagine in gen 9 they add a fire+water type move called mist that does nothing
GL with run, big RIP to the run from last night
phanto274BLANKIES <' this one looks pretty new to me
and dont forget to follow and sub with twitch prime twitch prime twitch prime
I think I heard someone say twitch prime
I absolutely will when I'm not on my company's internet which blanks all thumbnails and emotes LUL
I know, the only reason I can get the blankies and gold so easily is because theyre my top two in 'most frequent' LUL
They're saving so much bandwidth by not allowing you to download twitch emotes. ch0mskYpog
Its a whole jumble of letters when I click the emote box
oh yes, I use that all the time
do you use Win + V for the clipboard?
Hey Phantom, good luck today! phanto274Smile phanto274Bless
I use it religously for work
you can clip things that you copy/paste frequently and they will always be there, even after PC shutdown
I have so many little template things saved for my work
does shop have anything good Kappa
he is on the same cutscene lol
Phantom I @ you in a tweet of what twitch looks like for me at work LUL I must head home now, hopefully talk to yall soon! GL GL GL phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
mash is so bad you rely on fright jar KEKE
I feel dumb asking this but...
what is water stair case skip?
I've never heard it's name before lol
I have problems with my capture every stream
omg that sounds cool, do you feel ready?
do you consider this is the hardest glitch to do?
let's gooo you got this fifiJiggle
I was watching it but had to go xd
like, I'm working while watching you
what time is it there? here is 5:15 pm
oh boy ae get to die to bowser again!
I want the bow badge so bad xd
oh boy we get to dink!
And in the SGL you only have one run?
the one that let's you pb
honestly, if I play well enough, I think I can beat my pb using safe route lmao
and some sick part of me is gonna try
If it wasn't for being addicted to ironmon, I would be doing more runs
you are welcome to stay as long as you like
5th mistake was me playing runescape
I can't fuckin stop playing it
Yeah that run last night was great
Its fine, I believe you'll have just as good of a run today phanto274GL
Is the GL emote and the Cry emote the new ones?
I love them, who does them?
Hello there! Good luck on the runs.
Did you see the tweet LuL
Let me see if I'm dumb, it's very possible
If you know what Cox ISP is, you know the pain I'm experiencing right now
That was a rude fire bar!
Yo, no resets glitchless runs let's go. Kappa
just means you have plenty of time to save coming up  Prayge
There was one ghost leading the construction.
It's time for that good rng for speedy spin.
Jesus my twitter was in light mode, whose idea was that
yuhhh thats what my reddit looks like LUL
see what happens when you follow my advice
lets go we in chapter 2
That's a POG moment for sure
Too much spin on that one. LUL
Time to practice some race rando seed for me phanto274Mash
Spun through that room and got a good, hell yeah
@hlpm123 Thanks for the gift sub!
It's not called scary jump dumbass
I gave my vr back to my sibling so I have no games I'd want to play for october
Nightmare before Christmas month, good enough
OooooooOoooooo Lava Pirahna is required OOOOO
miss air lift too much reset
realblopez: Shoutout! Was given to realblopez
just wing it you be fine
Also you're streaming stop typing smh
Is your name mythic beast or my thicc beast
cause there do be 2 c's in there
I looked back from kof and read thicc beast
We made it to Ch. 3, let's go@
goin left cause you ain't treating me right
'just put the record on the ground and nobody has to get hurt'
Awww, I'm missing my kezcade gun emote
I miss the ohrocks piss emote
Is a homie not allowed to piss
whisqLovePee whisqLovePee whisqLovePee this one says pee lol
a homie can piss but a piss emote sounds a bit strange to me
How also do you convey that you have to piss
yo I've been doing a lot of that lately too
sir that goomba is a minor
This game is like over 20 he's fine
all characters shown are over 18
Mario takes all minors on his expeditions and uses them as expendable
tell that to court TV personality judge toady
I take comfort in knowing that if this run makes it past tubba I get to see stanley live again
You were the chosen one, Parakarry!
It was said you would put me on the cliff, not below it
"I shouldn't go for those spins" he says as going for those spins
On the bright side... we made it Ch. 4. PogChamp
It's been a year since he did that to me
my last run was double lightning
We made it to Ch. 5! LETS GO!
S O A P C A K E
S O A P C A K E
kill your run so bowser doesn't. go out on your own terms
soapcake is only appropriate if the gourmet guy split kills your run
and you have to kill him in retaliation
You washed it all away. Right down the drain.
"Let me throw this run for S O A P C A K E"
the 30 turn one or the stopwatch one
where is the peach washes her hands before baking the cake category
Is Peach's cake FDA approved. This might be a violation
I tried baking a cake following these instructions, didn't work
there's literally photo evidence of those gloves touching Bowser's Diary and fireplace soot
Oh crap, I must've done 23
It's true that there is additional flavor to be had by adding soot
Mmmmm, S O O T C A K E
But the best flavor comes from the soap
you better not still be talking about this in volcano or you'll air lift lp again
you better not still be talking about this in volcano or you'll air lift lp again
hey, how is the run going?
Do you think they'll let you turn all the lights out for cave at the event? lol
Is there a weed remover secret item in the game that the devs didn't implement
@hlpm123 I mean if this were any other game, fire would kill any and all plants in this game but alas, no fire mario in sight
That spear guy said it's time for violence
Peace has returned to the world
leaving them to die is the only way to prevent sushie from being stuck in the tree again
If they're alive they'll just cause more chaos
What's wrong with a little chaos every now and then
And let's not act like Mario hasn't committed any crimes.
Exactly. He gets away with his crimes. The Yoshis only committed this one offense and never did anything bad after that. Therefore, they deserve a pardon
We're off to a scorching start.
Just airshoes your way to victory
If only you had given gourmet guy the soap cake
This is why we need shorter randos
I can't believe someone greased up the lava platforms like that :(
It definitely can, but I understand not wanting to finish a run that can pb if something silly happens
my first 3:43 forgot the fuckign boo portrait
I was so embarrassed that I almost quit lol
Gotta stay frosty for cringe Bowser
just getting it out of the way before sgl COPIUM
just save before and yolo it
"alright we lost boots now we have to wait 7 minutes to try again"
I finally get to try jumpless tonight
jumpless just sounds unfun to me
I think it could be fun every now again
but I also ahvent tried a seed yet so idk
I have npc talk clips on monkaW
clip into toy box forgot you cant jump into toybox
I dont have early toybox npc talk thankfully
I'll at least need hammer for that to be in
yeah its very fun when you cant see anything
I will simply just land on the spring first try
Is there some jank parakarry bhs method now lmao
think I'm trying my 1st jumpless seed next week
or you can npc talk clip into blue house :tf:
double toad lure is the worst thing i've ever seen someone do in a run
that lure sure does suck huh :)
very easy trick to mald at
maddi is a 2 toad 1 house expert
there are lines not meant to be crossed by plumberkind
yea an expert at losing runs to them and wishing them the most painful of deaths
still better then trying bhs with the frame prefect jump in
lately i've instead been losing runs to lzs bhs so they've been off the hook
the frame perfect jump is at least just a few inputs and no rng
violence isnt the answer; its the question and the answer is yes
I was confused very briefly as to why he didnt give you an item
maddi same ive been thinking in "rando terms" this whole time and it hurts lmao
that beanstalk just like me fr
Its the only reason I'm here tbh
doors are made to be jumped into
bro I really just spent an hour setting up my GC controller on my PC for Pape..
fuck the ps4 controller for pape
Can't even do the fun tricks properly
well GC is nice but it doesnt compensate for how god awful my movement is.... phanto274Rage
skipping t1 sky dive is like 5s timeloss for a 16% chance to die
the cursed route has enough fp to use bow
one of very few thiungs better about it
you dont' have enough fp normally so you already ate a maple
there's enough left over to outta sight (and bc parakarry is super the listed fight didnt work anyway lol)
It said to shell shot t1 and sky dive t3
but that does 7 damage with super para
so it just didn't work and nobody cared
Is it possible to complete the game just using goombario?
If you can beat master with him you can beat final
might I introduce you to stop n swop...
the thing about goombario is you couldnt even be funny on final and do charge strats because of wave
so instead of being funny it would just be bad
you might be able to do it if you use quick change maddi
wouldn't any required fight with spikes be impossible?
you also have mario for spikes
just so you know - I'll likely finish well under estimate
so you make Adam talk about prologue? that's rude of you
I put 40 as a "in case one level shits the fan safety net"
someone has to take the L
What are you talking about? I love Prologue adamx0Love
we gonna let a prologue enjoyer stay in chat with no repercussions??
I've been in chat for a while with no negatives @rigby234
You're probably gonna hear me say "so that's what's in the vanilla game" about 30 times because I do not remember vanilla game at all XD
I sit down with dinner and come back to this. I'm so confused.
I love that i'm just seeing the word 'What' over and over
I need the 200,000 channel points, so you can speedrun luigis mansion albinnKingboo
goombario does not, in fact, keep his charge if you swap
assuming mario never dies goombario can win every fight
simply only charge the first few turns
using an ultra rank partner to do 1+1 per turn is the biggest cope ive ever seen in my life
oh right... now homeward shroom XD
the goombario challenge is alive xd
homeward shroom would be the ultimate time save
Is there a vanilla option on the rando website? Like vanilla seed?
paper mario faster quest with homeward shroom as the official pape speedrun rom when
there is but it fails to generate a seed
just homeward shroom after hammer and skip most of prologue
wich prologue is worst? paper mario 64 or ttyd?
Because I know Link to the Past Rando has something like that
there'd have to be a new generator for it
would be a whole different animal
can't believe you did that without seeing a sht :O
almost nobody does that actually blind
I missed the glitch in gless NotLikeThis
I cheated and took a screenshot XD
rando had this quiz changed for a while?
that was literally me my first rando lmao
I'm so glad I've never even seen that as a rando
one day i'll see you land luigi skip
I mean you've got a 2 in 3 chance of getting it
look he already did it there's no poiint being negative lopez
no pw players once more in shambles
The moment we've all been waiting for
I'm excited for you to get 3:50:00
or you can get really normal caps in phase 1 and die :)
If you get buttstomp take items or boots you should swap to laki immediately and get triple cloud 9 and shit on him
but surely it wont come down to that
I think if you have to cloud 9 you can still pb by like 20s
wait are you about to win
If you are REALLY fast in epilogue
this is a flashback to my first 3:49
Ch. 5 was a big oof, but everything after that though. PogChamp
what happened in chapter 5? couldn't see
yo wtf my last run did that
@needaname37 being alive is a win
that's like the 5th time this run I said "yo same"
Rigby234: why are you copying me
They/Themmx_four: Rigby234: why are you copying me
I mean it's so close you might as well say it's sub 3:49
Is there gonna be a stream of that?
That lava dip. And that lava pirahna block
I'm gonna get booted out of top 10 again at this rate Sadge
only a little. my 3:48 ain't that low
have a great night phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
I cant leave until after 2ish
otherwise,I'd be there at 3 for check-in XD
How was the thing(I forgor lolol)
I cant play well either when cold
the back up you did was good tho
I did my 1st jumpless rando yesterday was fun
can you lzs raph skip on eng?
I saw a steve amiibo at a target yesterday and said "I want"
still waiting for m4 to play the jumpless seed I gave them :)
I do on occasion but yea gless logic
what are guys doing, sending each other the pain youve endured. I know they say shared pain is half the pain but c'mon lol
but painful seeds are fun Kappa
or u could of just beat chapter 1 in that seed
to be fair you could of save using kooper also
I adjusted logic for koopa bros and chan for jumpless btw, for next release
Can the boots be in the blocks?
hey phantom you missed an upgrade block :)
my 1st jumpless seed I roll I was thinking it wasn't possble to beat I check the logs and partners was usable without having them I was like wtf
boots too early time to re roll
I dressed up as faust today
he's literally phantom, can't get any more Halloween
You wouldnt believe how hard it is to see out a bag with 1 hole in it
I can imagine that might be a teeny bit difficult
I almost kicked my english teacher bc of it lolol
They did they're forcing me to read Shakespeare
Rip has wares if you have coin
what if there was one coin in every coinsanity seed that was actually a stack of 100 coins and that boo toss coin was it
What the hell is this, Ive never seen this lol
wtfrick only 15 for a repel gel?
Is it time for Back to Tubba's?
guess it time to farm for money
hear me out phantom, 2 rip checks or one chet stat change
We should've kept Rip at 64 per check, for true masochists
I mean, send those people to do a 100% run I guess
rip pricing in rando is much nicer than vanilla
If Forever Forest has million numbers of fan I am one of them . if Forever Forest has ten fans I am one of them. if Forever Forest have only one fan and that is me . if Forever Forest has no fans, that means I am no more on the earth . if world against the Forever forest, I am against the world.
I was one of those people who learned it the hard way
what does 101 get that hundo doesn't?
anyone ever done an all permanent flags run of pape
Eh, I don't blame em, can't claim I knew
you fight the 3 anti guys? in 101%
I don't think I ever seen that fight
and this is way u put rip on 6 checks
If not dane t then hope you enjoy coin farming enemies
so did you just look at the available settings and click almost everything?
hiiii so since I am taking a break of bf docs, I am learning design patterns and my brain is exploding over how I should have learned this stuff way before :)
let's freaking go you go defend plus
he could farm enemies. but who wants that
yeah, that's what 11 rip items plus bhs enabled gives you, yikes
what the chances u start with laki again
I'll never miss a chance to call someone else a nerd. what's up phantom
katie4ACTUALLY you could've continued that seed katie4ACTUALLY
at least it's not 44 fights
It could've been 43 anti guy fights is all i'm saying
adding npc talk clips adds more to sphere 0 making cheato less likely 5Head
buys wacka for 45, sells for 64
Intro to youtube vod "You'll never believe this paper mario money hack!"
News: Toad Town economy IN SHAMBLES after local plumber abuses loophole, more at 10
new pape infinite money glitch!!!! (100% works) (haunted game!!??)
pay2win seed with unlimited money PAUSERS
getting payback for the last seed
no u still need more coins
Imagine rip 11 having bow in this seed lol
ngl I don't get why Whackas are on offer for 45. And I wrote the pricing code
another seed in Harry shop as well?
oh it's because most shops only give 30 coins for it, what
Is this the same seed? lmao
@Icebound777 so is it a "bug" or working as intended?
I love how my man just robs you
I mean, it's working as intended. most shops just rip you off I guess
phantom I think you need to sell some more bumps to stay at 420 forever
like, I'm not gonna change it, because the occasional richie rich seed is totally fine
a list of notable shop pricing could be a decent rando resource
doesn't fire flower sell for more in chapter 7
yup, and snowman doll in 2
dried fruit in toad town sell for 20 I believe
jelly ultra in boo's shop sells for 200 instead of 150
3 seeds found out of 4
seeds that force forever forest song in every location to add the spook
I do like how with assumed fill it often just gives you 4 seeds
can you kooper jump and hit a save block?
I had flower fields before jump or hammer and was extremely scared it wanted me to do moles
mario isn't doing a good job at hiding
I'm pretty meh on forest pass, but I really dig that that might mean you enter ch3 via pipe first and get to do the forest backwards
oh youve been using kooper to jump b/c you dont have boots?
been trying to determine why this whole time
well that's a second possible entry if forest pass exists
I wish kooper swung back around and picked up that badge for you
@MrCheeze_ shoudlnt of used the first fright jar
how are we doing on berries
super pape, bot you're onto something
should be a lot of checks then
probably won't be forced to mole
nah moles is gonna have boots
what do you think mario sees when transitioning from toad town to flower fields
I knew parakarry works but not kooper
well the vines don't need you to hit
the vines just need mario to ge against them
It's weird that you can teleport through red but not yellow
nice now only if we could jump
this one is also the easiest bombette push in the game because of the wall (though still extremely painful)
funny tricks are funny so i'm on that team
yellow gate is one sided but the other gates are not?
does the logic account for that
I guess partners always interact with invisible blocks
never occurred to me either that it wouldn't
hold on, let me push a fix for that so I can claim it does
nice attack fx when you don't have hammer or jump to hear it
you'll forget about it and suddenly hear yoshis
3 of 4? there's 4 trees though?
the other is the one you have to hammer 3 times in shiver
actually I think he might require saving village anyway. not sure
oh my god no hammer no boots is so funny
the fuzzy panic koover and peaceful village koover are entirely different NPCs, and the panic one doesn't have the letter code
you'd be surprised what weird npc shenanigans are done in this game
cant wait for rip to haev boots
did you know the volcano ziplines are actually invisible Kolorados carrying Mario
Yo, I'll be lurking but tell nobody.
can you even do koot yet?
with a lot of tricky maneuvers
kinda funny you havent been in logic in like 20 mins
and most of what youve gotten are with para and hes still ool
oh yeah I completely forgot about that
laki wants to play his vanilla minecraft worlds with no cheats
~all of this ch1 visit has been ool yeah
this is so broken I love it so much
this is the funniest chapter 1 i've ever seen
logic is for school girls this is a route with some chest hair
It's not worse than my derust mgr runs lol
at least puff can't be forced without boots
yeah I mean my estimate is 1:05 and I got a 59 and a 1:00
but I really let myself down on the second one
rip can strike you down all he wants
I don't want my run to be a bad show
oh you're right this is terrible
I don't think there are any jumpless only glitches yet
there's one that's only useful for jumpless
the other tubba castle table laki jump
Is "full rando" the same as "all sanity"?
your return greeting from rip was an experience
my birthday is day after tomorrow so taking a week off streaming, plus I'd rather play persona 5 LUL
I'll pop in so you guys can wish proper, but that's gario
Imagine kooper super jump five times for those blocks
I grabbed it but don't know when I'll do it lol
woah you ran out of money in bump selling land?l
I guess that laki clip is also only useful in jumpless
but it's style points when you have jump
I can't believe you didn't get dusty hammer
ohh the 1 hr no boots mark is approaching
I called it no boots 1 hour in
out front of town the tree with the spring?
what else do we even have
did you know Parakarry can't lift Mario onto blue pipes, and there's a single random green one he can't get you onto either, because reasons
@Icebound777 I love the programming in this game
which is the random green one
I love forgetting the early easy stuff
the return pipe from the sewers hidden attic super block room
Is there a reason you're going up/down instead of left/right?
the only thing affected laki teleport is mario's position and laki's distance-from-mario, fyi
and I think moving left/right is generally better for laki clips than up/down
oh I thought the position was in front of the fence
wait parakarry is still out of logic
what was the intended route lol
or did you get in-logic yellow berry at some point
I dont think the berrys are in logic yet, since bombette is also ool
no, bombette was jumping with kooper for the vine
which is accounted for in jumpless afaik
aight gotta bounce, gl on the rest
always thought it was funny bombette knew she could bomb that gap but was content in prison
she was law abiding and proud
bot got twitter on the calculator
don't you have an fp plus?
If only goombario was here to save the day with 1 fp multibonk
he may not have made you happy to find but he could've possibly helped
watt would make them reasonable no?
doable prob better word than reasonable lol
glad to see you got back safe!
that was the most scuffed kb phase 1 i've ever seen
Its only weird if it doesnt work
this is what happens when you start with only laki. Stay safe and don't start with laki
If you do jumpless start and vanilla gear shuffle where do first boots go?
Ive been catching all your stuff on youtube the last few weeks super glad to catch a stream
You inspired me to start attempting paper mario randoms
I dk how you do it
Thats awesome. I'm still just learning checks.
with your check knowledge I expected you to have to been running for much more than 'over a year'
Still good on ya for being such a chill vibe in here
Even in your vids man, you handle it so well.
I'm still at the stage where when I click off my game for the items it stops my game. So I'm real early.
oh god you did a ttyd gless run
I wish their was a good TTYD rando
ya my logic is TTYD is a pretty beloved game, so someone will get to it at somepoint
I'm big interested, but I couldnt do it by meslf
hell I barely know how to code at all
that block is 100 hits in vanilla right?
see I would love to do that, seems so fun
phantom I think the pulse stone wants to be put somewhere in that area
as I beep you in the face
tis a big commitment for something freely distrubuted
I changed my entire career field recently due to burn out
I'm tempted to do that atm ngl
I have a degree in rehabilitation services and spent ten years building up a long resume of work with a wide arrange of clients.
I been looking for a job but no luck
Finally I was done with catty coworkers who werent good to the clients or the kids with behavioral issues.
the problem is motivation of like finding jobs WORTH it lmao
Took up a deli job that pays just as much where I get to stretch my mind differently.
My last name is Payne, so working in school systems with troubled teens was always interesting
I want to work in a warehouse or something along the line
^^ I did this my first two years of college just to get by and have no student debt LUL
I'm actually the lead in the deli. I also am the only one with the stones to stand up to my boss whenever she does something assinine
I worked overnight stocking for a while, It was nice but I missed the daylight.
It was actually legit because many of my best friends were there as well so you can imagine like 5 of us at the same time with warehouse shenanigans LUL
mundane but we kept each other sane tbh
@RaycePad Thats exactly how overnight was
just 5 dudes drop kicking eachother freigh tover
I had to quit my house because the warehouse company went under :L LUL LUL couldnt pay us properly anymore I got out like a month before it all went bankrupt
sorry not house I meant warehouse job**
D: F Jr Troopa always being the GIGACHAD
Isnt he frozen if you go back :U:
poor kid just wanted you to stay out of his playroom
I was def clenched for you
anyone have space jam jokes for monstar?
we still dont have parakarry or boots in logic right?
what is needed to get parakarry?
do you have letter for frost.t
what are these the moogles from ff9
I want to see the ultimate letter quest seed where each letter chains to another letter finally ending in some required item
so in ff9 theres a side quest called mognet.
you basically passing letters to each save point
The item you can get is great but if you go out of order at all it gets rough
someone accidentally mailed it without an address
woulda been a felony for him to open it tho o.o
you could beat 4 right now couldnt you?
not only did you have it already but it came out of a normal block
bp requirement for badges is random too?
sounds like 4 levels until you have to more badges
2 hours in now I am really wounding where yellow berry is
what about the bottom of the box
what worst that or the seed I gave you where hammer was on fuzzies?
can you lzs in the train room to fall down and super jump like that?
the wors part is that might be fake
have you been through forest yet?
I didn't know you could do that
sushie glitch I did this for the 1st time yesterday and couldn't get pass the switch  up ahead
If you get stuck in that box where you have to super jump the switch can you get out?
I've gotten stuck there once or twice
I did what you did there and couldn't get pass that switch
gtg gl on the rest of this seed
maybe yellow berry was in chapter 6
did u check that block in the last room?
triple dip hustle drink strats inc
It does not work how I want it to
I'm calling this now this is yellow berry
normal boots that are out of logic
Wait, yeah I just realized monkaS
did u just jump on him 20 times
Yo, 2 of the best badges in the game back to back?!
So I guess that means you had at least Kooper early?
You had to be able to break the brick and hit the midair block hence Kooper
you have to pay the troll toll if you want this boys soul
So weird being here and not being able to break crates
I guess you already did part of Gulch w/ Laki?
Just realized that you dont have a hammer
If Snowmans gift is a hammer, it's a good day
You can break the ice but you can't hit the switch
Feesh gonna carry us to places
almost 3 hours in and still no hammer
you never told me the time of your run
said you dm'd him IMMEDIATELY after the run
never but I get it cold I cant mash either and I play like shit
I also use my triceps and my apartment stays below 65 because of my roomates LUL
to doing a seed like this
fuckin welcome back to rando, I guess!
just do English kooper puzzle skip Kappa
one coin as his entire allowance? Cheap parents.
"when I get half of the game I can play the game
cant believe you just took his lunch money smh
Just beat the game without it
I swear if the hammer is in the tree
jokehow need to play this seed
Have you had Kooper's Shell a while?
not "taking" if they're "giving" it
oh yeah fuzzies 3 hours in
Also RIP if Chan has something
Calling it now Hammer master 3
5 ss in yup on master 3
Hammer is hard required for 7 and required for 4/5 glitchless
don't you have to beat fussys do turn in koopers shell?
congrats you blew up a child
beat his ass in front of Kent C. Koopa
Kent C. spoke about Jr's ass-whoppin' : " I ain't see SHIT. Mario paid the toll, and went about his business".
I sometimes question your ' preferences for Goombario Phantom
How did it happen this time? LUL
@Trevbonk believe you meant, "biases", mate
Goombario does not respect our boundaries most of the time phanto274Shrug
thought his mask was grey in vanilla!
all these hammer badges you weren't gonna use in the 1st place
I swore, his mask looked a different color
Is my monitor fucking with me ? ? ?
Can you bomb the yeety boxes to get the boots?
Tea is tea. Sit down with toadsworth my man Kappa
the tracker looks fine to me Kappa
where are you thinking hammer is? I assume not in any shop
Perhaps Goombario stole your hammer and has it all along as part of trick or treat Kappa
guessing that was after chapter 2
time for the trap super boots
oh shit @cpunkc thanks for the sub
Time for that panel life phanto274Smile
If only this had croud control...
the hammer have to be after chapter 2 since u cheated to get to red station
dont lie, you wanted the potato
was expecting one of those 5 items to be a trap
Damn shame you can't use the nutty cake for gourmet
wait that actually a trick on the website
I step away to eat and I come back to you having hammer.
Peach: Mario hates, HATES Jammin' Jelly. He'd throw that stuff in the trash soon as he lays eyes on it.
goombario is placing explosives in the letters bc hes jealous he doesnt get any screentime
Imagine receive a Smash invite in the mail, and it's a fuckin explosive letter
he's on the screen right now what you meam
you wanna touch the fake mailbag
Imagine if the record music was also randomized, get rick rolled nerddd
I cant wait for shops to have traps
Hey Phantom, good luck! happy Halloween phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Mash
but u have to give 1 to koot
Ah yes the sub4 fuzzy check
Bruh it was the opposite of what I said I'm hurt
Do I get brownie points for that
@1STSTAR__ the last person who got it correct was timed out
I mean, if you want brownie points....
a whole lot of dead phanto274Smile
I can't believe he HAS NOTHING
he heard you talkin' shit earlier
Its Halloween and I am at 66.6 channel points
so we need seed and 4 keys....
what if they have the palace key
oh yeah you were there with no hammer
My house is shrouded in fog
@TacoGuy74 That sums up my drive home from work
Just suddenly got blessed with perfect Halloween night weather
I was worried I'd wind up in Silent Hill or DBD
he flaps with his big honkin feet
I fly with my big honkin feet all the time
maybe they will use yo for a sacrifural ritual?
you have 3 more star spirits wtf
I just got 2nd in the strive local tho
I lost to happy chaos in winners, shit on the heavy players with jacko
And beat the happy chaos with millia in LF
Millia does NOT win that matchup but jacko hc is fucking dogshit
You're 4 hours in at this point may as well
The stuff of nightmares is Goombario
bro your son is right outside
just hand it to him you fucking dick
Goom papa trick or treating you there LUL
oh you have all options enabled, no wonder this is still going lmao
Now I am going to go edit a blunt onto a jacko minion for my top 8 banner
Top 3 gets to choose their picture lol
A fanfare fitting for the time to Prayge in the opera house
Is anything ever in the pig lottery?
Is their reallt a Paper Hell?
now I'm curious if that weed Undertale sticker is still around that bakery
Nagoriyuki got bullied as he fucking deserves
you pushed 'em into the corner and just, pressured 'em into death
Whichever check will be most painful, it's there
Loot lost more than his glasses. He lost the key to his heart and soul chrisSad
Peckham lost to dr mario as minmin in the panda thing today
So this is the allsanity pb?
tbf you got hammers back to back
@RuneRavenFP I'll pour one out for you
vaping can deliver toxic metals like nipples and legs to your lungs that's nipples and legs in your lungs
I'm annoyed about it but at least it's not landing at 11pm on wednesday
And we can still do a midnight dennys run or somethin
I'm here for next weeks (house party?) content
whoa chat blacked out for a sec had to refresh
TECHNICALLY Taco will be there on Tuesday
Depends if I change my tag before then lol
I been subed to 1 streamer 4 years
Yea I missclick terribly every month
I keep thinking it says give ME a free sub and then it gives it to you
someone's subbed to me and I streamed for the first time in a year last night lol
and they've been subbed the whole time
I stream more than jesse now it's crazy
Night night everybody, see y'all later jcogWave phanto274Lurk phanto274BLANKIES
I'm approaching 100 months for 1 steamer who doesn't stream anymore
And I've streamed twice this month
I'm subbed to you and another guy cuz y'all are the only streamers I'm into who stream on a consistent basis
Sad it's not a knockoff Japanese glitched puzzle
I can't wait to run glitchless and have 36s of time save because I'll hit each fire every time
It's k, you have a save in ch3
We love not star beaming these
Just do a Goombario meme attack with a charged multibonk for the kill Kappa
hey what is your favorite dinosaur
All part of the plan losing hammer chrisRoll
I had a grilled cheese dbl steak burrito
Oh its at 89 months, so Im close
Blacktiger, it's kind of funny how "touch grass" has become an insult for people who are online too much, and here you have an internet dungeon that punishes you for touching grass. Battle Network aged immaculately.
I love how that legit reply became a pasta
spending 4 hrs to save 4 seconds, gl hf
Hey Phantom, you got this!! Good luck! phanto274GL
GL, I'll be lurking. Playing Persoan 5 in the other room. I just started the 2nd scenario
glgl, hope you save more then 3s
just do block puzzle skip, EZ 4 seconds ever
remember, its not out of bounds, its out of region Kappa
Doing a run I see gl
Yeah like this name better :D
ew why do we need to have goombario with us :c
when you have the change get ride of him he brings bad luck
how did the koopa broes get up there in the first place?
oh hey it's a boring little star
good you can skip them in rando
and was wrong right at start yay
I feel it got quiet in the chat when I joined. sad :c
you're aiming for several seconds of timesave? are you mad? Kappa
what do you use for crystal rando? like to randomize the game itself
what is your best time with glitches in a normal run?
Ig the equivalent of this is just any% no ace
I'm guessing that's a fright jar
Its so ridiculous that you still pbed by so much with that happening
your pb to sum gap is tiny
It's not much bigger than my any% gap and my run is less than half as long lol
I always think I wanna play all bosses and then I realize it has dizzy shell and bow skip
I can still help you with the back half of clippy if that's deterring you
yea, lzs opens up so much in this game unfortunately
dude I want to make a better bts tutorial but it would require like a whole ass diagram
cause you can't see what is going on
I mean movement is a p big deal so maybe
did you get the life shroom?
you're just a fuckin gamer then idk
I can probably help well enough w/both
stanley save is easy if you know the inputs
I've got a buzzfeed trick for that one
I used to have hell getting on the roof
like 'do this and you'll never have trouble again' type deal
now that I have a good any% time I want to get top4 in all cards so I have a sweep
kind of like comfort food, maybe?
but my any% also had a lot of big timelosses so I dunno
I counted it up and I could 1:40 with nearly the same rng
but i'm easily able to sub 2:50 I think
I got a 2:53 with like 2mins of rng timeloss and bow skip saves like 4 minutes
I just need to win but then i'll be back in the 0-29 situation LOL
thats like the worst organizing ever, why would they have it that cold
I was making tacos what happened
thats my plan for tonight I think
maze grinding is probably the most boring part so im just doing it offline
load up a couple zfg vods and go to town
ye im probably just gonna max my stuff
that's great cuz I might have a jumpless seed for u
Cue another post 3 hr hammerless run.
prob find boots in 5 mins
It's worse than first chapter clear difficulty 7
so im guessing the monstar looking guy is the thing
@hlpm123 Thanks for the gift sub!
I'm on mobile, come on. I can barely read my chat
Hey phantom! Watched all your VOD's on YT. If you were given the spoiler log, how fast do you think you could complete rando?
Everyone shits on goombario, but have you ever done a casual run and did charge multibonk?! Fire
Just to clarify, are you using the PCIe capture of hd60? Cause right now I'm having input lag issues and was looking for a non-usb capture?
Thanks. As a work around I use an HDMI splitter and work off the TV lol
do not use el gato for retro gaming
Yeah, so I've found out. I just need to figure out a mic setup so I can not double stream audio
any time I mess with it I have to reset like every thing
Interesting. I've had similar issues with input lag with my switch but not audio on the card I currently have so I assume it's the card responsible and not my RCA to HDMI converter
there was an sm64 runner who got a 49 in 70 star running with obs delay
Yeah, my switch, when I was using the splitter, the PC capture was clearly behind in input, but the audio was synced with the monitor fine
It's just having to learn to play with the timings
Ive tried playing smash with delay
If you do, also do random every time mystery
this is not going to be pain at all
"how bad can it be? ... oh look, let's add this, and that ..."
Pain is imminent XD can't wait
Did that finally change for the Sunday races? I saw that recently. The merlow to cheap?
oh boy a 5 hour rando seed
welp, no cake in the item pool, gotta cook it
consumables that are in logic are ignored by the random consumables option
ok time to re roll again
So we don't miss anything lol
strange leafs, supershrooms to make lifeshrooms, other stuff for koot, berries, cakemix
no item checks are ever unreachable with any settings, so koot has to be doable
Does it assign mystery when you use or when it's acquired?
each use gets rando'd on the fly
Its also slightly broken in that it can rarely show a different item than what it actually uses
Does it really want you to do rip Cheato
He made you a fried egg
Bro he just made you dinner
wait is that a rando only thing?
Does odd key go to ripcheato or tubba
yo the double dip mysteries tho
even randos don't survive longer than prologue NotLikeThis
make sure gear shuffle is on
ok u have to pick it up
At least you can save to start
got a lot in chapter 2 now
you cant parakarry up pass the bush?
bouncing off kooper shall to get his shall
you missed an item I think phantom
please make buff00n do a jumpless seed
a clean casual, not a filthy one :)
I see nothing wrong with this fight
at the very least it's unique
what if that bucket is a trap
oh no hammer first couple of mins
about to be a whole journey
The americanheartassociation twitch account (that for some reason is a thing and partnered?) showed up in coneys chat after he watched a racist dr mario ad LOL
Just highlighted el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo in coneys chat and 20 people immediately posted it
time to get some super mushrooms
Oh mario party 1-2 just dropped
I have yet to give Nintendo for that
you know I am not surpuse
still super new to random, but is it possible to get a seed that won't let you continue past a certain point?
chapter 3 jr at chapter 7 difficulty says hi
Every single stream someone donates to coney and says they removed Jebasted
Isn't there a key on 15?
they really said go do ch 1 or 6
one hour in and youve only been to 2 chapters?
when did they fix the heart block?
when I did bootless I couldnt get it with kooper
are you feeling it now mr krabs
where was frying pan and cook book?
the other seed was shooting star summent
prob gonna be watching this seed tomorrow
I grabbed the async but no idea when I'll try it
I  find paper mario rando so interesting
Is this race settings but hammer boot less?
usually I watch oot rando but recently started watching paper mario
sorry, had to feed kids I'm back now
pape is the wrong. answer btw, axl. lol
Its only natural for you to say that
how do you set mystery bag like that?
oh love to see another jumpless seed
so is every non key item a mystery?
Is setting mystery to everything a githud thing?
glitchless hammer 1 hour 30 mins in nice
looks like it's time to beat ch5
you cant beat volcano jumpless, the escape doesn't work
I'm like why is it highlighted
where did you say the mystery setting is?
and you need ultra hammer too I guess
Im freakin blind cause I dont see it
Its called random consumables or smth
gotta bounce, gl on the rest
I have decided I am gonna swap out Kula with Iori
Iori is cool and good Kula was just there to be a top tier and do easy shit
why wouldn't you get the hammer in the rings?
woohoo you have hammer before 3:50
hows nnn going? resisting the urges I hope lmao
yeah its a bit crazy october flew by, but im not complaining. I only have 4 weeks of school left in the semester
@RuneRavenFP where's my consistent TacoGuyy streams
what is this monstrosity that I'm seeing LUL so many mysteries
dude it's ok I just finished the most confusing run of my life
If you were doing literally anything else
but this looks like a party
how did you even live lol
why can it pull more mysteries lmfao
my run was confusing bc on every single split except door 2 I was either ahead or behind by double digits
It was not normal at all
my pb is really bad lmfao
so either I was outplaying it or having even worse disasters
I lost a minute to early laki
did not have to do it
I could have saved 45 seconds by simply grabbing the berry
I'm pretty sure I can jcog bop if not outright 2:49
How do you make a life shroom w mystery?
I too may hate myself and roll one of these
I went 0-29 in any% and liked it
yea it's literally 50 50 whether you get one of a group of recipes or a mistake
What if you cook with a mistake
most of them are good recipes
but the big money ones aren't in the pool
I have had 123 and I hated it because I had to keep moving away from the kooper cutscene trigger
where is the fun in that?
Quizmo looks like the announcer from mario party 8
I am picturing quizmo in the meme
my brain autocorrected that sentence very differently since I was tabbed out
Have we found the forbidden one yet'. Goombario?
Hes stuck up there you gotta help him
If he somehow gets his ass back in the tree its his own damn fault
the first jumpless/hammerless start seed I saw had goombario as the starting partner, and he was required in order to beat chan to get the first boots
@whit_send those are truly dark and evil times
What does goombario get if you upgrade him lol
he's right you better go back to flower fields
his parents are furious with you
Goombario is the friends we made a long the way
Phantom isn't goombario, so therefore, he isn't goombario
Some legends say that Goombario's power is so terrifying and dark that he was sealed away in the edge of the mushroom kingdom only to be reawakened by Goompapa
dang, that would have been cool
I loved the disapointment in your face after seeing bow LMAPO
now that is quite a shop
Is this a truly a blue key seed? chrisPog chrisPog
the mystery of the missing super hammer
honey, where is my super hammer
just RNG manipulate the repel gels
sounds like infinite repel gel source
It could always be a trap
The storeroom is almost as vanilla as it gets being right next to the chest LUL
this is a seed of all time
careful one of the koopers is fake
If this is a blue key seed,then this seed is truly a legendary one
@whit_send shit what happened to the real kooper
you have to take it now
how else will you get to the crystal palace
that's the mystery to defeat Bowser
All these mystery's point to the biggest mystery of Goombario and his powers
well you wanted a chapter to complete
IT WAS A REQUIRED BLUE KEY?! chrisPog chrisPog chrisPog chrisPog
This seed is now officially legendary
You must share this seed phantom since it is a very rare required blue key
What does the bean do again?
opens up the way to the boss of flower fields
Give this seed to Axl but don't tell him anything Kappa
Damn bro they got the whole squad
that's low key scar for Laki LUL have you hit a trap this seed yet?
No way Laki is a trap twice... Kappa
I love the ost for the crystal palace
Just the entirety of chapter 7 tbh
Why do y'all bully me lolol
I did next chapter cause you're about to beat this one
I misinterpreted that and was very confused why you were doing this so close to the boss
If you predicted I can undo it real quick unless you're a believer
I don't do predictions, but the prediction is 100% on one side, so it's sorta a useless prediction
either everyone loses, or they gain nothing slmShrug
time doesn't start until the boss is defeated
Thats so satisfying to watch oml lolol
Lets go 3 hours for 1 star spirit
Is the prediction even worth keeping? literally everyone's a believer
What if super hammer is there
then we come back for laki
I mean it could take an hour to find super hammer lmao
I saw the 2 on the tracker and was thinking ruins
wouldn't let me do a custom amount  so I just spam 10 points
alright undo that prediction I know a better one to make
I was going to do ultra hammer or boots
You think the bot is watching the stream?
now we got a better prediction
He looks like a cool fellow
Goomba King being worth like the past 2 weekly race seeds
I believe he has something if worth
I need to make a Mario enemy tier list
I get back and all I hear: 'she just wants to give me her D'
Bow literally made them go: tacogu1Leave
Tacos leave emote is great LUL
It's been a minute since you've used it
maybe I should've put Ultra Stone on the prediction...
goombario will help you find everything
Leave him and his demonic powers to be
"Oops All Mystery!!!" should be the title
and I'll give the people their money
I just got back and I see a very nice ultra hammer I voted for
hear me out on a wild seed idea...
wait until they make a setting where everything looks like goombario :)
everything is Goombario. that sounds like the best seed
I think it's a setting they're planning on? or I thought someone mentioned that
they aren't actually goombario, they just use his sprite in the overworld
Goombario sanity is actually in the works
Man of his word. LP going down on a Theaday
just get burn by the lava
I feel like I've seen someone do it without boots
oh hmm, then idr what I saw then
a lot late to the party but.. phanto274GL
@bsmith906 this was a legendary required blue key seed chrisPog
Tubba key in the deep sewers block you need ultra boots for, which are locked behind lantern guy
How does cooking mystery's give you random recipes? LUL
use the fire flower to cook the stake
so you're saying I can get a jammin ultra?
I'm glad your still giving him the cake
should go back for pretty lucky
8 life shrooms for ch8 inc, the casual dream
glad you weren't capped early there; that could have been scary
wait you already have pretty lucky
I have successfully done 90% with an Iori combo
He isn't my anchor so I will never get to do that
But the route was sick so I wanted to do it
I love when I can combo off a super kazamsCatglubhappy
been a while since your last save?
see a glitch should be classified if it actually breaks the game and a feature is when something unintentional can happen but doesn't break the overall game by adding/replacing items and warping places where you shouldn't be going
calculate damage you do first before you start the jr fight
I've been lurking but hit me haha
oof you mean like give me the seed?
just blue pipe back to chapter 1
how crazy was the mystery part?
when the all sanity mystery only?
mario's about to get souped up
oh wait are you not using power bounce
lemme get rid of that then LOL
maybe a mystery would've killed him turn 1
they couldve at least been honest about that :\
burned through FP with Kooper - good one
see if you had goombario you would be done by now
He said he had a laki route that made bowser more consistently winnable but it lost about 20-30s
jcog is at water temple tho
"short day" do another 8 hour stream coward
It sounded like oracle of ages/seasons music
So I figured it was like a gameboy rpg
grocery store is a mixed bag, hype because snacks, not hype because random people everywhere
the amount of times that I have to wait for people to move out of the way in an aisle in a grocery store.... phanto274Rage
Did you do el and wadafa
I'm trying to be the shorts kid, idk why but that would be pog
The problem with spork is that it actually makes sense
why does the old guy want a child's phone number?
LUL you right, too logical my B
been awhile since you did a crystal rando
now you can get a jolteon as soon as you find eevee!
I love that spinners are set to purge
wait a minute, both ohrocks and marioman are bosses?
My first encounter is a blue jellicent
This is supposed to be the gen with 0 fucking fire types why is everything fire
What do I name the jellicent
It has magic guard and steam eruption
turns out that my 76 cinderace couldn't survive hydro pump from a 60 vaporeon
I have a high luck stat I was throwing it your way
encounter 3 was a lairon what do I name it
I don't like weepingbells mouth anymore after the internet
you love to see a crystal rando where more than one mon gets used
I'm thinking that'll always be a ho-oh
was that the 1st gym leader or the final boss LUL
I hope the egg is a togepi with metronome 4 times
Hopefully this isn't another Fly-less seed! Also hi!
Rotom sucks it only has physical moves and -att LOL
I mean I have a mega gard with download and fusion flare
Cheer20 Hopefully whatever Sudowodo is will be a good catch! Here's 20 bits of good luck!
The gym leaders aren't messing around today. HahaThisisfine
You have your work cut out for you in this run
Wow, this Rapidash is Forkslift certified!
It feels like your playing with some new setting called- "Trainers Mean Buisness"
It's because you turned chat into trainers
Is there a Pokemon Crystal Plandomizer yet?
I personally just want a shiny umbreon but ig phantoms downfall is fine
puresa5NabooruLaugh This gives me some ideas...
Course, you don't have a specific option for Pokemon Seeds, so I'd have to wait till I get enough channel points for one of the other redemptions.
may your pokemon be luckier than mine
Still got 28,600 more channel points to go, so should give me plenty of time to set up a seed, as well as neat trainer set ups. XD
sounds like youre having a blast
And then Bugsy had freakign Lugia too. What's next, Whitney with Suicune?
there's only so many more legendaries in gen 2
Sapphire had the hot lady in team aqua >:(
this charmander has primal groudons ability
I was about to call it CHEEKS
this thing has all kinda of typing
kenya is 2 deez nuts jokes
holy shit the charmander also had eruption
This child is a fucking nuke
the nuke child killed my lairon
WHY DOES THIS TODDLER HAVE REGIGIGAS
bruh I am a gym leader
get ready for a wild ride neko
Jolteon is best from a stats perspective tho
Hey guys did you know that in terms of-
the amount of crits the ai had
this seed doesn't want you to have fun
never seen Pok'mon rando before  it looks hard
maybe your big blue gator can take out lugia
have you done all the goldenrod checks?
can it be a hidden item on the overworld?
the spinners all being in sync is fun
big catcher with a bug Pok'mon
Who should I name this after I wonder
you have poison touch and frenzy plant
You are likely benched if this next encounter is good
kill the Typhlosion with Hydro Pump
Apparently whoever you slap sigurd on in new FE gives them canto
JP acc just showed the mage fucking do it
You too!! I can't wait to play this game's remake
Yea! I got someone to mod me into it too LOL (seems to be a trend of mine at this point), so super excited! I didn't know they had a randomizer for this game
Have a good one Phantom~! <3
Yooo ty for the sub! Never been around here tho haha
yikes that did not go as planned
Dude you've chosen the best 7tv emotes thats all imma say
Ya g2 rando can b brutal have u tried the map rando too
Is it starting to get better what did u get in basment
how am I doing as a primeape?
of course ice has the fire legendary
Im sure youll figure it out
how's the rando, lookin light on badges
Ifif youre at 1/5 going into hallway bowser he'll be at 7hp??
I have the sheet pulled up, I just wanted to make sure im reading that route
Ahh thanks for the gift sub  orange phanto274Love
the scale says if max hp is 5, but current hp is 1, bowser hp is 7
Im pretty sure he can heal if youre 1/5 and he's like single digits right
I thought it was less than 15
This was the first Pok'mon game I owned shiftWASHERE
havent played a pokemon game since I owned a gameboy years ago
bowser could heal to full at like 80 hp if it was 15%
It wouldve helped if I finished reading the description of the chart....
Yeah I also fell off Pok'mon once black/white came out
he's in discord with me, I trust
I always forget mortar when I get strength
I rememebr when the gameby had the light option and fakn like I was sleepn as a kid
jfc bowser math is actually a whole ass thing, wtf OMEGALUL
waiting for waterfall is the play, but sometimes waterfall is behind strength and I put it off so long
Is this your fav pokemon game
the item rando in this is great
this has map + item rando and it looks like pain
yeah there's like 2 or 3 different map randos out there
IFatRain is the map rando if you're ever interested
personally didn't like it. So many entrances in Tin Tower and Lighthouse it's exhausting
looks like the map rando is on github
does rando make it harder or what
I wouldnt say it's harder, maybe more tedious
but you can get high level mons pretty early if you're lucky
are you still doing progressive rods or did you switch that up?
I dont know much about rando most people ive seen are playn games with rando
I had a recent run give me super rod from Mom, the first item
you said sort of what does that mean
It's Crystal Speedchoice Mod + Universal Pokemon Randomizer + Item Randomizer
I just spent an entire minigame looking at yoshi. i'm luigi
you know you can buy rock smash
pokegear, get yourself a nice *snorlax
My strategy now is to do as many checks not involving fights as possible
Victory Road is always juicin too, high level mons if you need a main
water stone check? well? union basement? flower shop?
radio tower is the call for sure
It's funny how the weighting changes when you throw in hidden items
Honestly it's not hard, you'd do fine. There are only a couple that are out of the way, the rest are pretty in-line with other checks
the crystal rando guide has a link to all of them
It's actually missing one though, funny enough
cut locks so many trees too
and a tree in fushia thebri55Pause
I found another seed I want you to try
when someone suggests a seed you know it's gonna be a bad time
do I dm you the randomizer link?
S.S. is nicer with hidden because it's 3 checks instead of 1
speedrunners actually fly to town after getting off SS since it's faster than walking the tunnel
yeah definitely. I mean in vanilla you cant but in rando definitely
you have full HM access now so it's wide open
my time was me dying nonstop in cod
I had reverse warming up. I started with popping off, then it went downhill went I switched off the m4 Kappa
3 hidden items in den as well, much better density
card key into clair into gear into clear bell
only 3 hidden items here, honestly pretty low
I'm not sure if that's better or worse than Oddish
you know about all my Hos right?
oh so you don't know? monadoKEK
right now on my desk, there are 90-100 individual Ho-oh things,
I have a Ho-oh shower curtain
I have a 6'x7' HG SS gamestop promotional banner on my ceiling
just ran into a possible glitch in my paper mario rando so now im gonna lurk and trouble shoot
I still have the Ho-oh quilt I made in the 3rd grade
damn, you love your fire turkey
did you not see the first message?
my brother and I drew the entire original 151 Pokemon and posted them around his room when we were kids. That's about as crazy as we got for Pokemon
@klink06 I have 90-100 individual Ho-oh things on my desk alone
even the energy cards that have Ho-oh on them
I've never been that devoted to anything in my life
one of my friends is casually streaming dog island
I made a light switch panel out of the wrapper of a packet of pokemon cards and the box it came in
gl with this rando I don't understand
I have a legit lenticual Ho-oh pog
did you get berry tree north of ecruteak?
I always forget that when I get late surf or cut
I forgot to talk to the old dude after beating kimono once, that one hurt
Yeah I was not paying attention
The irony of Forretress using fire
did you get the TM dude here in viridian?
nah he's behind a cut tree
I have one like that but with snorlax instead of ho-oh
I linked your notes "oh my gosh, these notes are so good, I can't believe anyone cares this much about dog island"
give the red scale to mr pokemon?
rival 6 locks 2 hidden items
wait how about director in the basement? I think you have to talk to him after beating radio tower
man my brain is trying for you LUL
all the days of the week gang?
the surf tree north of goldenrod I often miss if I get surf late
how about the gate check after hideout?
somehow, this does not think like a short rando
this is a full clear rando
nah, last time I played one of your seeds I was sad
there's technically two checks after E4
tin tower guy, on the main floor
you did both union basemant and mortar basement right?
I'm assuming this isn't hidden items based on "short"
there aren't really too many berry trees that are easy to dodge, so yeah
just the ones you skip because you dont have flash or cut
then forget to go back LUL
there is one flash tree, you were right
welcome to crystal rando: forgetting to talk to oak
am I the only one vibing for the theme song of this game :D
I haven't had a chance to try the crystal rando yet
yeah, it's a process, i'm finding
does watt have a pacifier in their mouth?
yup almost always start 2 or 3
Cake could be convenient but that's it
Hey Phantom good luck on the rando!
kooper gets us chapter 5 access
Bombette gets you the entirety of 2 :)
can you get the tree stump item with PK
I swear its sell 20 somewhere
I'm gonna be honest, didn't know you could do that check with PK and that's where I got stuck LUL
jk I think I did get the tree stump item with PK
I was going to say, storeroom means no coin grinding
this is a very linear seed so far
man, glitches would have saved getting that key
Would it have been worth going more toward Fortress while you were there? Or too many checks on beach to be worth?
at the movies waiting one piece to start
go my pretzel and twizzlers and snuck in my cola
can't wait to shout SUUUUUUPER with fracky
I haven't been to a movie since DBS:SH
well yes phantom usually you do get something to get another thing
I think that was my mistake then, I didn't have time to finish a seed so I stopped after I got stuck I think on the parakarry stump check
so if you want to do glitches, do whatever you feel like doing
I hit Laki jump to get into ruins without the cutscenes today
did you know Takahashi did a spiderman Ironman crossover?
I was surprised marvel let yugioh creator do that
I hope chat's ready to gamble
was this a normal seed LUL
I have to build up points before I submit a seed. I think I got a curious one 8)
I wonder if this seed will stay problematic
a bunch of back and forth
I realized, I don't like ch 7 ch 4 8)
also we have some boots believers
which upgrade first between boots vs hammer
they don't have full shuffle on?
at least I had a full shuffle on
If he finds Mega Rush or some shi
alrighty I'm gonna do some rock climbing, if you're on semi late tonight I'll catch you later, otherwise I'm excited to watch the vid later phanto274BLANKIES phanto274GL phanto274Mash
should I just go with sub 3 or 2?
Sub 3 just to be safe
why cant @Ohrocks be here more I love gambling
Alright Phantom what you feel about a seed if you found Ultra Boots and Hammer by the 1st hour
I think 10 minutes should be enough time so people who tune in can also have time to vote
yeah I could extend to 15 or 20
yeah could easily go either way
3 and a half is pretty free
I'm waiting for the day Mod View is added for mobile frog users
also, bayo 3 is really damn good
just be Dream Minecraft and chea- I mean get really lucky. :)
Now go to Ch 5 like we always do
Bayo 3 I'm tentative on trying
2 wasn't all too appealing to me
alright I'm going to prepare some Salmon and cry about my final 3 boxes of Baja
make sure to stay hydrated gamers
It wouldn't be a surprise if Rowf had everything again
I'm trying to use UPR on the speedchoice rom, and it's not working, like at all
I'm using the UPR that's provided with the dl
I'm drinking water as we speak
even then, I patched a separate crystal rom with the provided ips
It loads the rom, but it won't actually randomize and give me a rando file
updating it now, just in case
It's also not loading any of the settings files
Sakurai has posted his cat once again
I think i've got it figured out. just need to download java 17
I also didn't have any jdk on here, so that would do it
I feel like Java used to just work
In the words of young anakin "IT'S WORKING!"
It's a good thing this boss can't heal
It also works with some rom hacks, even if it says it doesn't
like i'm gonna be doing a rando for pokemetroid, but all that changes is the starters and legendaries for fire red
and it changes the female character sprite to Samus
Game's like, you beat the wrong chapter
now that I made it work lol
It's not too late in the evening, maybe i'll do a crystal rando now keizaThink
I just have to make my own seed so it takes less than 4 hours
I signed for my new car today FeelsOkayMan
I have a car already I just chose to bike
needed a new one before winter monkaS
I guess we'll find out if 30 was a ripoff or not
we've already started getting snow out here
when do you get access to chapter scaling spoilers?
Nothing on the tracker is automatic
Unless you count the completion logic
my boy parakarry got dunked in kool aid
croconaw start, other choices were donphan and magnemite
Ive never seen that in my life
I dont watch pape randos really
That one's probably the hardest of those similar Laki jumps
but its phantom so what r u gonna do
oh well I never watch rac LUL
I haven't watched RAC but I kinda want to, it's funny that it's faster than Glitchless KEKW
Is it possible to do that w/ Ultra Boots btw?
Is glitched logic + only progression items being randomized a setting
cuz that would be my jam
what makes this guy spawn? beating chapter 4?
ahhhh ok thanks. been wondering that for a bit and never asked or googled it lol
shout out to the gamer who gifted me a sub, idk who you are but ty.
If it was, ty orange. It just said anonymous in the notification
not a real Pape 64 fan
But you also don't agree with Jcog about Goombario chrisSad
my rando strategy in prime is just do stuff that could massively punish you later
he take 10 years to start talking
buff00n if you weren't mod I would've banned
the fact that you equipped it LUL
Now you get to hear Yoshi noises! :D
Thank you rocks. You rock my socks off
Uh, now I wonder where Goompa got the one he gave you
yikes, first star level 7? D:
we getting all the attack FX badges
Optimal Spook, 0 XP to gain anyway KEKW
lol had to get one slap in
ohh how was your all card run? thingy?
Is there a name for this black magic
Depends on how much of the map you had checked before
lol I have never played this game
6 does have quite a few replenishable locations
good luck! you can do it!!
Is all cards an official race? What can you win
Interesting lol, i've always just watched with multistream, etc xD
Why is What still an emote Madge
Makes it really annoying to ask questions
Yeah it's messing me up lol
I'm new to twitch. I watched all of phantoms vods on YT then gravitated here lol
You just have to start asking everything like Hank Hill. "Hwat are you talking about?"
look like the game wanted you to beat 2 1st
4th key is very likely here
does it reeeeeeeeeeeaaaally matter if you break logic rules?
do you think full glitchless for the weekly is the way to go, or is the set of allowed glitches not the one youd have chosen?
Someone send some bits with my above post
finally made it to a stream. hello.
Ruins Jump got banned and it's not even a glitch Madge
At least you can get your Shooting Star back...
but hey, if you play this monstrosity that means it wont happen in weekly, right??
been working 14hr days the last couple weeks. been exhausted. sorry I haven't been catching more streams. glad to be able to catch this one.
Wait'. Is this a legendary required blue key seed? chrisPog chrisPog
only thing worse than a blue key seed is a "dipped palace with blue key only thinking it was required" seed
My hopes are high for blue key every time I see it
Time to find out if blue key is required after fortress
Red Key at top of Fortress Kappa
paper mario inspired that one fruit quest in Sholazar basin?
It's a quest where you click vines and collect fruit that spawn from doing it.
High quality MMO questing experience circa 2008
We allow flyer karry so that much attempts of it are saved in the database
and we can see just how often it actually works first try
granted, there's also never any actual discussion on allowed glitches in the discord
water block has a satisfying sfx
I don't have any stakes in this, but I think allowing tricks in a general way is better than allowing tricks at specific locations
of course! like, I personally think there's no good reason to ban that
You can clear gaps by jumping everywhere else but not Ruins YEP that makes sense YEP
yeah no super hammer chest with out parakarry
You can skip water stone to get the 2 berry tree checks, but you cant skip pulse stone to enter ruins to get the 2 zero keys checks?..
Ultra Boots Ruins entry arguably isn't a glitch either
we also barely get any races going outside of weekly, which is probably for the length of the race
otherwise I think there'd be more racers and more discussion on rules
If I understand your argument correctly, the only reason to keep vanilla gear is to not double dip volcano? How often would that even happen though?
I watched a streamer take 12 hours to complete a pape rando run
I mentioned you guys don't have to rewrite the rules to try something different one time, to see if the change would be good
they could make Ultra Boots part of progression but idk the ins and outs so idk how it'd affect sNeeds
ultra boots *are* part if progression, since there's blocks you can't break without them
I mean, maybe is the solution not to assure ultra boots, but to have a setting to nerf ch8
yeah, all the dnfs SUCK! I'm pushing in the dev discord to unlock xp cap from progressive for that reason
today I learned pin bones aren't bones
I would totally join the race but then I cant watch you do it
contrary to several popular randos pape's endgame isn't easy, quite the opposite if you start on lvl 1
It's not cheating or a glitch :)
I had a chat about that with m4 a while back, and we agreed that starting on lvl 3 with a 10/10/6 stat line would also really help
yeah, and in the end Bowser is just not simple
Maybe forbidding him from healing could help, but still
Do we know where Goombario was this seed?
Yeah, cutscenes are terrible, especially when you can't clear Bowser first try
Sure, cutscenes are another point. while it wont increase seed times by 30 minutes it does add up
Ninjario trying to surprise you again chrisSad
that you skipped and didn't save time
I knew I wasn't getting the sub 3
My last seed I just made a savestate bc I didn't want to watch minutes of cutscenes every time I got bad RNG
Is it possible to kill phase 1 Bowser?
grrr I should really get back to working on cutscenes after I'm done with the stuff I promised
Most welcome cutscene removals would be probably Kammy and Goomba King
get some more qol in there instead of bazillion new options
speaking of cutscreen would be really nice if goomba king was shorter
Merle's just annoying bc he stops you every 2 steps
murder solve cutscene is exactly 1 minute
Another reason for gear shuffle YEP
I mean, my stance on cutscenes is well known. but it's both a process and a political issue. maybe I can propose a speedrun mode setting some time
y'know funny you mention speedrun mode cause I thought if I ever make a game, I'd have a Speedrun mode in the game
I wounder if all cut screens was just remove from the game if anything bad will happened
I don't need to hold B through the bub ulbs life story each seed
How else would I gift you this seed
that's like 20 lines if pape script
or maybe if u talk to her once she just plant all 4 seeds
No more accidentally delivering that letter LUL
so this is my simpleton Question for the day, do enemies spawn in random regions or stay the same?
I wrote more than 5 times that in both pape script and asm to fix the stupid iced potato thing for next release
tbf, gotta be careful with cutscene removal though. if there's just no cutscene ever it could get jarring
Is it possible to modify twink stats to kill turn 1?
Or better yet, start final with Peach Beam YEP
sadly can't do much about the cutscenes near final Bowser in the near future
what happens I you choose wrong here?
does the ttyd Rando exist or is it a wip?
I was toying with the idea, but I'm kind of busy with making a rando already, sooo ..
how high would antiguy's HP be o-o;;
I'm also still working on a better concept for hints during races. Having Merluvlee give hints in order, but its only a handful regarding terrible checks could work
Or we could actually make Goombario useful for hints as nauseating as that would be
Progressive SHOULD be ideal in general, forced XP cap just makes it unusable if you're avoiding fights
It's only Sans Huff if we are going to have a bad time Kappa
either way, enough letting off steam lol, gotta bounce. gl on the rest
Phase 2 turn 1 heal? :tf:
GG (I just joined LUL ) pog on that run though right?
you still going to be doing runs now or we dones-o for the night/day? LUL
I'VE BEEN WATCHING YOU SINCE I FOUND OUT YOU STREAMED
only rule is don't do any tricks not on the list you can full clear chapter 1 with no keys and lp skip
I would be close to VIP if I hadn't given a seed...
Imagine not being subbed OMEGALUL Kappa
oop we need to make a prime command soon
I gave the spooky day resub
(I've been subbed on my own for a litle but may not have announced it)
are the symbols at the top representing the seed #?
can we use those four items on top to find out what seed you're doing?
LUL LUL I bet they correspond to numerical values somehow
6 Progression in shop, that's new
damage dodge in the shop right off the bat pog :L
have you ever in your life lacked the ability to jump bc this would suck IRL LUL
It's all the way in the top right corner, no?
that toad is a certified coward lol I totally get it
I take it back Sonic Frontiers is bad
you can make Among Us in the game
was it good, or was he wow'd by being flown out to Hawaii ? ? ?
Is this like the hardest start ever??
Pretty sure most of the checks behind the gate are blocks, yeah
and now half the games open LUL
That gets you 1 tree + Pleasant Path?
Isnt there the one towards the goomba village blocks on the ground??
phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Gold  How was the rest of the seed?
this is the worst seed of all time apparently LUL
Nice! Glad it wasn't too bad LUL
ah yes this fight when power shock is 6 fp
oh no you cant use that letter in combat DansGame
I just had like 4 red berries on me
and NOT take away your item ability D:
Bring healing and hope you get to use it :)
If you block he cant take away right
You can also just be good at the block but that may be asking too much
how often are seeds like this when its like a struggle at the very beginning? LMAO
You didn't happen to see a quake badge, did you?
In hindsight it could've been a repeat and made you fight a third time LUL
The worst start would be cursed with Goombario like this
you cant save at all in randos?
5HEAD anti save measures are in place LUL
btw you can get onto laki and get the item from that tree
You can walk up the rock
I threw out my back earlier, big sadge.
We're seeing a lot of star pieces... monkaS
did you dnf the other seed?
@Axl_SR this is mine seed Kappa
turn this frying pan, into a drying pan
2 hammers before boots? That's unusual
how did Mario jump in bed?
Oh boy! Can't wait to see where boots will be this time!
can you run from the fuzzie fight?
Tiger this better not be ch 7
this is going to be rough
I did asked if u could run from it
by that point, he was committed lol
Is it possible to go up the Merlow's tower?
you need kooper to get into the fortress
you could also check the magical sNeed correct?
Buy Life Shrooms? I forgot they were here
mostly cuz I don't know how to do it so I have it off for now
Invisible Bridge Skip is the same as any other Laki corner clip
lol - if only it was that easy
Screw Kent. He can get take off his shell and hand it over to you phanto274Shrug
@MarioManTAW yeah I try I just couldn't get it to work
can you save state on ever drive?
"You can't use a hammer now!" Phantom: I'm used to it.
did it want Ch 7 then?
I man, technically you COULD but why would you bother with hammer throw for that fight.
You can only hit Fuzzipede with hammer on the ground, which is almost never
or go back to ch 5 to see if the shop had something
P-up D-down is behind the tree if you wanted it but idk
Yeah, the beast that's no jump seed
this is why I never wanted to try it LOL
Please oh please, let Boots be on Merlow for cheap!
maybe the devs can put a hammer save block in starting location in jumpless seeds
Just saying, we find ultra hammer before boots
That.... can't be first logical boots, right?
That'll be funny if it was
Hopefully those aren't supposed to be your first boots...
It might want you to do Panels
I think they should add a save shroom as an option for bootless seeds.
Yo they wanted the star rewards boots to be first
phanto274Facepalm 4 star pieces? Wow. Maybe you do need 40 for boots.
Merlow had boots for 40 star pieces.
Oh did you go to the Forest Bulb?
I had to dip for that segment
So how many star pieces have we gotten so far? XD
So Merlow boots being logical first is looking likely
doing tubba castle without boots is ass
Can't wait to look at the spoiler log after and see the game explain exactly where all 40 star pieces needed for boots were.
I seen a few times watching
the Spoiler log will be a treasure
the journey to 40 star pieces is a rough one
Didn't you already spend 8 earlier anyway?
So Tiger rolled this seed, eh?
I understand the lore now, Tiger seeds are deadly.
aight I'm going to take a nap, GL with the sNeed.
We sure could use a Bombette right aout now.
Did merlow have anything we could sell?
Raph had like 4 sta pieces right?
Can you get up the stairs in Boo mansions
chapter 5 have blue berries if u need some fp items
This a real nightmare without jumping or hammer throw
It's just... low without those available
so we have to farm fuzziness in ch 5?
There are the ones on the beach
to buy shop and get through Kent?
I will never give u a seed where u have to farm battles or a impossible fight
OMFG so ur the one on morphs chat u have ur own channel. AWSM!
Imagine if boots were on the second dojo fight all along.
@TheodoreVellum not in logic until after 2 ss
Welp, at least you got BP outta that.
Are there any glitches in logic?
so we have to go to fuzzey hell?
Koopa village has 2 stars pieces
how many you have on you?
Is this a quizmo required seed?
you spend at 18 the reward right?
This is the absolute grossest if it's actually what we need.
But itll make a good thumbnail and title.
I mean I can't think of anything else he can do atm
Merlow had an ultra shroom for 1 star piece.
How much would the sweet shroom have sold for?
I knew stop watch was 20 here
gather round fokes for a 40 star pice required seed
As soon as I saw star pieces everywhere I had a bad feeling.
Quizmo isn't active until after Fuzzies right?
just making cake and selling them
Mario Party 2 had a minigame called Cake Factory
there's a cake game in Mp6
a bunch of normal cakes then some bombs
you did RIP cheato here right, I'm blanking
I leave for a bit and come back to a second one... what a grind
why in the world did they want the boots in rewards to be first logically
I thought you would have been like NAH
Okay Payneful, we've basically found out that first logical boots was 40 star piece reward, unless we missed something.
I don't think he missed anything
tho is the rip cheto 11 check grind worse?
I get a lesson in patience everytime I come here.
first logical boots at 40 star piece reward, that's what's up.
Not even the ones with the fur?
not even italy has a boot here
Find Goombario since you have boots? Kappa
I can tell u this now u could of bought repel gels at koopa village for 20 and sell them for 30 at harry shop
I was gonna tell u if u didn't know what to do for money
So clearly tiger went through hell with the beginning of this seed and decided to share the pain. XD
what u think of this seed so far?
That cant be true, you had a badge hidden forever last night
ok what the hell did I missed?
He had to grind 40 star pieces for boots
I wanted to puke when I was playing this
this is the kind of seed you send to your worst enemies
The spoiler log trying to explain why you need 40 star pieces to get botts is good design: *insert that one meme, you know the one.*
does someone have clips of the wight seed?
It's random design! you never know if you'll get a good one
I know it's on YouTube yeah
but um I'm trying to watch here with no pauses lol
This is the cursed seed you send to Goombario fans Kappa
Was the vod called the nightmare seed?
Your tolerance levels have certain risen quite a bit.
yeah it's worse than the weight seed
Boots locked the whole damn seed
so what would you call this one?
Some good clickbait and this vod is a hit
local hero soldiers on... in search of boots
I mean it's related to ch 2
At least this seed can't possible get as bad as it did at the start. XD
Find all the stones in quick succession
a least you got a ultra stone early
Well the other refund was real
I have to head out now, good luck, and have fun now that the seed is nicer!
"Nothing is real" That's how I currently feel about life.
I wonder if ch 2 was 1
I had a seed where I bomb that 10 times walk to the next room and found hammer
This really was the longest wait possible for boots too this seed
I didnt know u can take the train back with out blowing up the rock
oh yeah the forever forest checks too
okay I head to bed now, good luck with the rest of the run!
I got 2 hours before I slep phanto274Smile
that blacktiger guy is a asshole
how about something related to cakes
'this seed was the bomb (trap)'
'A seed you give to your worst enemies'
since you baked cakes for thos
I like to se Jcog play this
I want jokehow to get a redeem for a seed
This truly is a meme seed LUL
definitely give this seed to your worst enemies
will the can be here too...
that a very nice bowser castle key there
how long did it take you to complete this nonsense
Its not the snowman we desire
how about the mayor be vanilla to be nice
@Nekonayzz in game time says 5 hours 13 mins
@Nekonayzz but I was too lazy to go kill bowser
Casually swimming through the mountaintop chrisRoll
2 hours and 46 mins in and you can beat a chapter
I swear that Goombario is becoming a ninja the way he hides LUL
HES TRYING HIS BEST TO TAG ALONG
You mean he's trying his best to overstep boundaries set to keep him away from Mario's pocket?
he just wants to be friends
this is why he stealthily hid in the panels
I did the same thing lol
so Incoming Raph having a bunch of seeds ye phanto274Smile
I think you skip the real one
My guess is a partner first before the hammer next
Raph let us down real fast
I did fuzzies at level 1 bootless
I bought a repel gel that how I beat it
I also had p up d down on so my hammer did more damage
I had 1 hp after the fight
I was thinking I had to re do the whole seed cuz I thought I was gonna die
I was really tired when doing this glitch and I may of soft lock
I really want to see red key behind blue key
This is one big trolly meme seed LUL
lol now we leave ch 7 to beat all of ch 4
Then is Anti guy in logic lol
when I was setting up for gourmet guy skip mario just walk oob
@RuneRavenFP you beat cold steel yet?
I have fighting games to win money in
But I'm at like chapter 4 or something
phantom you forgot the ultra stone
I think you need that to ultra rank your partners you should get it
I would've killed him there personally
I simply won't do the check
I guessed right about partner and then hammer
I forgot I was updating my drivers and got jumpscared by my screens flickering
Technically we just need red key?
I been putting it in sleep mode
I restart when I get an update for Nvidia
It's why I have to finally leave behind windows 8.1 for 10 now
No more windows 8 after December chrisSad chrisSad
my pc keep asking me if I want to upgrade to windows 11 no go away
and now my pc has this annoying as f Watermark at the bottom right corner
I never upgrade because something always breaks in the newest version.
But... bitch I everything necessary for the compatibility
I asked earlier, but my phone freaked on me so I couldn't hear you. Got a seed for me?
oh god, I'm getting a desktop gifted to me. I hope it's not new windows
I will spend the time in a few months reflecting upon the good things of windows 8 while seeing 10 being installed chrisSad
just let me roll him something Kappa
Windows 11 has only broke pj64 for paper mario I guess. Anything else
@blacktiger51 no glitches. That's my main/only rule.
@buff00n gonna be jumpless and hammerless traps on high and really gross is that okay?
I have days where I just sit at my desk remembering windows 7 chrisSad
No glitches. I'm fine with hammerless OR jumpless. Not both.
@buff00n but its can be really gross right?
WE'RE DOING IT FOR THE CONTENT
Anyone remember the days of windows XP?
@Trevbonk playing diablo 2 and star craft on xp those was the days
@blacktiger51 windows XP was the peak OS
Everything after windows 7 went downhill
who tf puts a Jammin' Jelly on a regular ass MUSHROOM ? ? ?
What does 10 have that 8 doesn't?
Yeah windows 8 was good 10 is meh 11 is chrisSad
I saw 11 on a friend's pc and honestly thought it was some knockoff of Apple until she told me it was Windows
I would love to say every other windows they make something decent
If my pc force me to upgrade to 11 I will be wiping it and forcing 10 on it
I lost my faith after 10
If it's not compatible, it won't allow it
I forgot new PCs force you to use 11 monkaS
It'll be 11 if it's brand new
That will give me nightmares knowing that
my was pre built but I had a choice between 10 or 11
A friend of mine always told me to stay a version back
His advice was the best thing I ever remembered right before 10 came out
Stability issues and glitches is why k never wanted to use 10
then when I dis connect my pc from the internet when I am not using it and just don't download it
I just got my pc this year
And 11 is the same? monkaS
I got my pc last year
I got my pc in the end of feb I was console only for awhile
More secure is adding a manual kill switch code to inject into the OS and firewall everything
I bet rockstar use 11 when they got hacked this year
I don't even him using that move LOL
what to know if that real or not?
So glad this was a required blue key seed
I didn't get that key either
I had 1 key coming in here
I'll just say 40 star pices
40 star pieces for boots first phanto274Smile
dang didn't realize you were still streaming
next seed I give you will be even worst
would've thrown my viewers your way
PB'd though! Sub 2 is in sight
It had to be here lol
And the pit is the place JCog never likes to check too LUL
now that u in go mode how bad was this seed?
oh I'm like sarcasm it up in my words, can't convey that through text
It's 2am and I wanna see the end
honesty I dont think I can fine a worst seed then this
not enough, but damage is DONE
I wonder where Ultra boots at
Clubbas wont be erased' Just glitched out windows 10 style Kappa
but everything else is screwed up!
Actually you bring up a great point. I need to backup everything before all future updates
"oh what's this? It's not signed by the Microsoft Store and therefore is a virus. At Microsoft, we take your security seriously"
wow please stop reading my mind
Dear Microsoft, IT'S MY FUCKIN COMPUTER. FUCK OFF. - signed, buff00n
'We need to make sure everything is incompatible with your PC in windows 11. Therefore everything is a virus.'
how dare you automate a workflow
alright, I'll close my laptop now...
Goes to show nothing is manually reviews anymore like Twitch and YouTube LUL
I can wait for this to build in the morning
my LTTP uploads are getting claimed
That just shows that they make everything automated with claims reports strikes etc
Youtube will never act if you don't annoy them enough
Website is actual dogshit when it comes to helping anyone
YouTube just likes to get away doing nothing unless you go into the public aka Twitter LUL
"uses the melody" is such a dumb thing
What doesn't help is copyright laws in the US
so did you just not get to save yet
btw I have enough for another redeem but you safe for awhile
they would come faster if Phantom would ever do predictions phanto274Thonk
I have like 100k for max when I've never subbed just cause I just leave him on each night lol
Everytime I've run a gamble nobody puts money in
god of war is about to come out and I do have to fine another gross seed
I wanna say I gambled last time. I put most of the money in the pot.
Im back Phantom, how is it going?
got here late, but atleast I get to see the end phanto274BLANKIES
I just got back from watching one piece movies so I am relaxing
There's gonna be one really lame guest though
Some nerd named jesse I don't think we should let him on
garbage? nah this seed was great
Honestly you shouldn't let anyone named jesse on
We will do an epic doubles stream
Where my dr mario will murder jesse
want to know where ultra boots was?
Click on jesse's discord and he said "I'm gonna be back to streaming tomorrow" 3 days ago
If Nvidia wasn't holding me hostage I would be down to fly
@RuneRavenFP me, but in regards to exercise
It's just level up expo but with the double down name
Would go to Double Down 2 if I had unlimited money
ultra boots was on master 3
I checks logs yesterday cuz I didn't get them
well at least you have error handling
record check was a trap I npc push him
WHEN DID WE GET POOPED LMAO
this is a serious, mature chatroom
I'm sure we'll see the depths of maturity next week
Seems like prologue is the champion
I mean you do prologue more
So I think that means you like it more
prologue is the light of my life
Twinks are the light of my life
WHERE'S THAT SHIT DURING GLITCHLESS, BOWSER
why did you split peach's arms are down
Send us to hell we deserve it
I'm sorry phantom I had to give u this seed
The thumbnail for this seed is you getting boots from the star pieces
just trying to get full team of eeveelutions
It was small in the middle lol
I was in complete shock earlier when I caught registeel in quick ball
It hadn't worked for the other regis so I had no belief when I threw it
I thought I had regirock bad with like 60 lol
Shiny hunting Regis hurts to do
I never played the crown tundra dlc despite having it so i'm doing it now
hey Phantom, hope you're having a great day and good luck phanto274BLANKIES phanto274GL
I always liked kabutops' design but I always thought he was trash too.
Why is there Christmas music playing soo early ? It's not even thanksgiving
Elects buzz is better than kabutops!
It has to be good. right? ...
you know I always pop up when you're Crystalling LUL
had a feeling it'd be good.
I'd be happy if it has even confusion at this point lol
I wish I had a squirter bottle LUL LUL
I think it's before the squirtbottle
If only holding b did anything in this game
early dex might be nice if you run into something that has Psychic and dont get a chance to sketch it
mum's gone and she usually leaves the tv on for the dog, so I loaded up YouTube and threw on your randos
THANK YOU, LADY IN THE PARK
Im heading out to see The Smashing Pumpkins! Thanks for a great stream!
so yeah early bike is before sudo/train/and not a backtrack location
I think I went through four rando vids after I fell asleep last night before youtube cut off lol
I've gotten sketch a few times as a TM it's nice
@sma11zz I got premium. That shit NEVER stops.
3 hidden items in that basement area, kinda juicy
I can point out hiddens if you want. Might as well get used to picking them up if you plan on adding it one day.
there's a hidden in the daycare and 3 in ilex
right in the corner of the pond yup
missed a little bit. I dropped my dogs food bowl and dog food went EVERYWHERE!! UGH
I bet the dog had fun cleaning it up tho
before the headbut guy in a corner
and to the left of the sign
and to the left of the next sign
I imagine you know of the hidden above the well entrance
oh well go behind and look down at the entrance if you want
It's a flower tile in front of mr pkmn
The entirety of Union only has 1 hidden, and it's in the room with the TM before you surf towards Alph rooms
Wesley and Freida have hiddens in front of them, the rando moves them to account for the npc being there
I pulled a nice character art pikachu card today from a random pack I bought.
does sketch perma replace with the move that was sketched?
one free whatever the hell you want
these water pokemon are just killing you. lol
you took that kid's halloween candy
last turn in ilex in the corner
I had it in my head you were backtracking to Goldenrod
ok now Bugsy was worth LUL
welp I was wrong about the hidden, union doesnt have any. I though one of those was hidden NotLikeThis
why does your kazam want to throw hands so badly
there's a hidden north of the piers too
could you set rando to night if you wanted
can progression be a hidden item?
there's a hidden in the corner of the water at the top of ecruteak too
@sma11zz there's a setting if you do want to add them, nice to have the option
yeah for sure, hidden progression sounds awful if youre not in the know with hidden locations
yeah it eventually becomes muscle memory, which is what the majority of this rando is
there's one under a rock by monica as well
and two on cianwood under rocks. Makes rock smash a lot more valuable
thats fair, I feel like thats rando's in general, once you learn the route for checks you follow that route
god whoever looked at linear games and said "let's randomize this shit' was a genius
only one hidden in lighthouse, and it's directly beside the last item assuming your routing is like mine
yeah that required fight after talking to Jasmine
It's like actually right beside LUL
Pape practice, Rocket League, or Valorant?
I dont have much room to talk though because ive spent over 2500 hours in that game
OH? LUL nice, what rank if you ever cared about ranked?
oh for future, on the boulder in the water you surfed across in front of  mortar
bottom left corner of the 2x2 boulder. Den has one like that as well
I miss items way too often honestly, I think I'm finally consistent
finding these lengendary birds sounds not fun
last room of mortar to the left as soon as you enter it
there's on before the first tree in the cut maze, and one by the lake at the tippy top
late cut sucks, but I play with ilex tree on so I usually get it pretty early
yeah I'm impartial about the settings honestly
2 hiddens here I think, 3 tiles above the next staircase in those encounter tiles
I found the funny did you know in terms- eeveelution
Plus, if cut tree is there, the logic is highly likely to give you cut omega early eveeeeery time.
the other one is in a cabinet(?) thing by a desk after you go up the stairs once getting both passwords
@VikiHexen sometimes it doesn't and you get squirtbottle instead, it actually sucks because the backtracking is ROUGH
so yeah after going up the next stairs
that's right yup, it's in the wall
yeah you can def make that cycle
I think the cycle starts once he's in frame but I might be wrong
sunflora's shadow ball ain't a bad move
I'm still waiting for the fabled 8 badge+elite four access early run.
Wouldn't that just be the most fun thing ever, Phantom? KEKW
vanilla kanto access sounds like pain
the e in e4 stands for easy
So, half of your runs, Phantom?
I do required e4 so I feel less crappy doing those checks
yeah red doesn't spawn without e4
ty neko for not saying anything worse
Just think of it this way, Phantom- Once you grind up to deal with the elite four early, then you'll be set for every gym battle. KEKW
I'm tired of seeing Vape as a Vaporeon name
so please I try to be silly but within reason of names
1 hidden item in violet, painfully obvious behind the cut tree
We don't have the tech to do random starting positions yet, right?
entrance rando is fun like.. once
I wouldn't do that more than once
It's like the Paper Mario intro rando they talked about
I don't wanna get trapped somewhere lol
there's a tracker that's a huge help, but navigating Tin Tower is brutal
Entrance rando? Nah. DISCONNECTED entrance rando? Yes.
I seen RE remake door rando tho
*walks into PKMN center, sees Lance thrashing a Team Rocket Grunt in their hideout*
there's a hidden item behind rival as well which is annoying
Until Yawn was at the fucking door
was there a legit Suicune in there
the articuno is going to die to hail NotLikeThis
yeah that would have hurt to miss that tree
oh there's a hidden item in the tree next to this one
It's just random trainer pokes, moves and item right?
all mons have guaranteed 4 moves as well which is nice
I definitely don't remember this track
LUL I think you did this last time
Hey Phantom! good luck on the rando!
anyway yeah two rock smashes on this island have hiddens, the encounters are slow and annoying though
are you sure progressive rods isn't on still? LUL
you're never gonna sketch if you just oneshot everything
yeah I forget about this sometimes
there's the rest of Johto unlocked
hidden item on the island in the middle here
3 hidden in ice path, first is in the ice room after dropping blocks
next is a block in the middle of the next sliding puzzle
the first block you slide into
sorry the solo block here in the middle
hidden item on the next route is in in that little pond by the berry tree
so mortar has a 3 here
yeah they're annoying to explain anyway LUL
one requires going by the dojo dude which is off the path
one is to the right of the next item
anyway I'm just flooding chat, there's a bunch more LUL
I'm glad i'm an invaluable team member
It's not like anyone else could learn fly
still haven't used your sketch yet?
It's ok, Celadon will have good TMs
wait you can't get past the cut tree after cave LUL
so interesting thing with rando, once you clear snorlax you it clears the right side of badge gate. So TECHNICALLY hive badge could be in Pewter or something
that would be so awful though
the bush next to surges gym has a nice convenient hidden item too
yeah I'm itching for indoor bike
living up to the name of "Weenie", smh
can't wait to hit so many optional indoor trainers because my movement is scuffeed
I want to be a preschooler
yeah having tbolt makes this pretty hard to beat
the articuno roamed into the snow and died to hail
mewtwo with psychic would be the only thing I'd probably swap with
you should've caught it named it suicune and boxed it
having basement key without card key is worse
does tin tower have anything useful in vanilla?
though rival fight early is often rough
vanilla tin has mostly healing items and a rare candy
this is my least fav trainer, I hit him so often
you also unlock clair which is nice
Forgot psychic types are broken in early gens
hive badge is on Blue of course
why are all the rocket grunts sailors lol
Imagine if it's on Mt. Silver.
Its 2 weeks till scarlet and violet and we still dont know the final starter evos
It could be on mount silver, technically cut isn't required
you should totally shiny hunt fuecoco on your first playthrough, it would be super fun and not painful at all
The only HMs required are either cut or surf+waterfall.
hive badge could absolutely be on mount silver
I meant whatever the final area is before Mount silver. XD
Post E4 is a thing too
I hate when I'm confidently incorrect
Clair is pretty nice to me, that jerk at the end of nugget on the other hand
makes you wonder if he ever gets a friendship evolution even though he's horrible to his mons
Technically he did get one friendship evolution in canon with a Crowbat.
you click through the text so fast I can't read what items you found
Why is a mon named Gario after Goombario? chrisS
Imagine not doing spinner hell full item entrance Rando Kappa
spinners with max vision are hilarious
they walk through walls and stuff just to fight you
I got the gdq submission form back
Regarding the run itself, as you might expect we get dozens and dozens of Mario submissions for any given event. This means any Mario game is always going to have a ton of competition and different runs it is held up against, and we never have enough time on the final schedule for everything that we liked. We encourage you to keep submitting in the future.
but why not take the new mario :(
The red mario be the green mario vs the yellow mario vs the purple mario chrisRoll
at least they said that my time was fine enough for submission
thats one thing I was worried about
viridian forest has 4 hidden items, which is nice
The pallete colors could be incentives
Danger or no danger mario for final?
hmm incentives seem kinda hard for a randomizer
Incentive to take goombario or not if found LUL
Incentive to find goombario no matter what
that sounds awful for a marathon randomizer, I love it
what? no way, final fantasies, chrono trigger
I could've sworn they've had a FF run over 7hrs before though.
ahhh I see what youre saying
Incentive to have goombario are starting partner
theres just not a ton of consistencies in rando
Nugget bridge douche wants to battle Kappa
email: [buff00n] prepare for your upcoming trip
me: yeah, I should do that
glacier opens whirl which is juicy
5 badges left it's pretty likely whirl has something
honestly you kind of hope that hive is your last badge so you save backtracking
I can only think of one thing you might have missed but not completely sure
I've been paying pretty good attention and I think you're good on trees
man I hope I didn't manifest hive on blue
What has been your trolliest red fight?
oh my god I'm so sorry
Yep I have seen him use new before among other trolls one time
Progress hype! WOW! That was such a moment. I feel so bad for people who weren't here to witness it. Where's our moment badge, Phantom? That was such a moment! I remember when I was there. I should have a permanent badge next to my name to showcase and brag to all those people who weren't here. I want to induce anxiety to all those who see my name in chat! Cheer100
My grandma put extra jalapenos in the salsa this time it was great
I've said so about 5 times but I will now change it to that
It stands for fEl PWadafa el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
Spinner hell makes it so even if they are out of sight they can find you Kappa
your pape randos are still running on my living room tv
you have a phantom addiction I think there's too much of him in your house
the plan's to keep it going until they stop or my mum gets home
I think 1 phantom a household is reasonable
@RuneRavenFP my dog needs something to watch
has this been less painful yet 8)
Whirl islands whirlpool check and dragons den Kappa
Top left is the one I think you need?
the seiyu for seta kaiba does the japanese dub of 50 shades of gray in his kaiba voice... I kinda wanna watch it now lol
A graveler that flies and floats?
Max just got sticks with silent buttons
What's the point of playing on stick then
Just saw the new pokemon go creature
What the fuck is that ugly ass thing
I'm not a fan of most of the new designs lately
Centiskorch is my fucking guy tho
some of the new gen 9 pokes
Gen 8 I had a bunch of hit and miss
Jibca likes fuecoco because of its raw "No thoughts, head empty" look
E4 in a seed is a uncommon occurrence
I have seen seeds where surge had vanilla badge and surf WITH fog badge in another
I've had some nasty seeds too
although hive on blue is up there for the worst I've seen
lets go just got back for go mode
I've had surf in victory road and strength behind rival 6
I wasn't able to watch the whole thing how bad was this seed?
Klink manifested hive badge on Blue.
Who needs levels and X items against red these days? Kappa
@TheodoreVellum I read this without an L and was very confused as to what you meant
Now I remember! Red using haze in a seed LUL
Literally waited till you finished with your items to do it too.
Red heard y'all talking about trolling.
Red knows how to meta game LUL
Inb4 Hive badge on Surge and Surf on one of the other Kanto's.
make me the starter I'll win
I can actually watch this 1
For real though, hoping on Good RNG.
If they're bad make it buff00n
I haven't been a poke yet. XD
@iAmKrisXx oh damn thanks a bunch
almost 30 subs total. that's not terrible.
I'm still higher than them >:)
also your emotes are legit nice
Thas the only poke she's ever played in unite
As soon as that summary went up I did it lol
I may have just got here
Apparently frontier is only like 10-15 hours long
I'm just seeing 10-15 on twitter
But still under 20 is absurd for a game advertised as open world
sometimes those hiddens come in clutch early on
I was so confused why I got tagged LUL I was like did my cat type something?
plz no dont grant +3 to all my fp costs
the best gen 2 starter ):
Why does raichu scream like that
Because it's lost control of it's life.
I would scream cooler than that
Have you ever accidentally hit the run button?
I'm still tryna figure out what game I wanna get for the flights
An arknights level is trending from the new event rn because of how bullshit hard it is
They add a new enemy gimmick each event and this one is bullshit
But they also gave us roombas that kill shit very efficiently
the most beast caterpie I've ever seen.
Is that caterpie really bodying you?
This seed so far is off to an excellent start LUL
oh I should mention, now that you're doing trees you should use the upgrade balls modifier. It upgrades apricorns to balls to save space
bag space is brutal in these FIR LUL
This run is worth clickbaiting 'when you get bodied by a caterpie' LUL
you can upgrade healing items as well, but that's a bit more game changing
his big strong arms got you
Hoping you don't get bodied by a metapod next
Your DV stats must be so bad for defense and special defense
tbf, they're ready to deal with Charizard in return
male vs. female DVs are such a weird programming decision in this game
early basement looking unlikely at this rate
I'm scratching my head wondering why you've been walking. lol
Bike was National Park last time
I actually leave elm backtrack on so I always get mystery egg early
the 5x item sometimes comes in clutch early on
like you need to return egg before you can past those first trainers
when mystery egg hatches, does it turn into this guy > phanto274Shrug
@TacoGuy74 I'm looking through all patchnotes for fraymakers so far and they seem to have fixed octodad recovery
But welltaro has had 0 nerfs :)
I've gotten mystery egg from Elm's assistant a ton of times, it's super nice LUL
Phantom did I ever show you what welltaro does in fraymakers
Had mom give me the egg a couple times too
Palu nair with a forward air that spikes and kills you at 10 :)
And then the rest of his kit is also just dumb lolll
I almost feel like it doesn't count
Kenya will be a Zapdos dont worry
You can actually, you can move the mail to another mon
Rival stole the Meowth. DEFINITELY takes after his father.
I think Kenya is 15 or 20
I was supposed to make that command
Is he gonna ban me for doing a left/right mixup
based on what the bot says
the bot said something weird. other than that, I'm confused..
I'll fix the sNeed command... later
too lazy rn and I'm at work
Can't wait to ride my MAX REVIVE down bicycle road
Later in the seed: Charizard is attempting to learn Explosion!
Pok'mon that learn explosion are a great meme
surf and flash, that's an early ass alph
wow this seed, so much stuff
It's a shame you have cut when we know hive is on blue again
the shiny is an option too
shiny lugia with long cry and shiny animation lets go
would you switch to a shiny lugia with psychic tho
oh Kenya is only 10, I thought it was higher
why am I using flash runera3Hmm
I can't sleep. I've been in bed for the last hr. ugh.
Imagine if Rocksmash is on Elm.
so how many more seeds before you turn on hidden? phanto274Sip
do you have the randomizer notes/guide?
Yeah the list of hidden item has it in vanilla order, but it's still pretty easy to follow
now all of a sudden my dog wants to take up 3/4s of my bed..
but I'm trying to get surf
does anyone know how to get surf
okay I went to the wrong building then lol
Welp, I have to get to bed, see you later!
did you surf this tree yet?
This tree is your bane dude
wdym that opens up all of victory road
yeaaah I HATE early victory road
our only hope is if Fly is up there
Ice path is better than victory road at least
I assume you use early fly v2?
yeah so def cant be past 44
wow only 3 badges left and haven't touched Kanto
2 badges left?? this is a weird one
even if you find the badges you have a level problem
so...say you find the 2 badges in your next few checks. would you then just grind levels?
cycling road also has level 30-somethings
Victory road has higher mons too
thank u that help out alot
me too. i'm always greedy and go for the first tile
I have a habit of trying to repel, already having a repel, then walking 1 step and repel ends.
ch0m and I were racing echoes, yes
actually Fly can be in Kanto
pass puts kanto in logic, but not early fly logic
pass was behind 44 you right
S.S. ticket doesn't put Kanto Fly in logic, only Pass does. But because Pass was behind 44 it doesn't in this instance.
SS does put it in logic like phantom said
I must be misrreading the description then
nsures that the fly HM is obtainable and usable before the player is required to do any of the following things: 1. Take the SS Aqua, 2. Enter Route 44, 3. Awaken Snorlax. 4. Enter Victory Road. 5. Enter the Cerulean Gym.
might be an outdated description. fly cannot require backtracking via SS
welp, does your white out point brink you near ecruteak?
My money is Fly on the Roar TM dude on 32
upcoming speedchoice has bike indoors and reuse repel. it's very exciting
I need it so bad LUL
I feel like people have put through a ton of seeds with indoor bike by this point. Most streamers I watch have it
I softlocked in game corner on my last test keizaLUL
the weird thing is that only one of the two vendors was a softlock
I have to constantly close out and reopen stream just to get channel points. lol
yeaaah I feel bad about the first one
such an awful spot for hivebadge LUL
I have a weird problem where I just skip gym leaders
I've been trying to only play test seeds lately
last one I did didn't have bike indoors
My strat lately has been to do as many checks not involving battles then being insufferably underleveled
you mean you don't want to go to whirl islands? why not?
I mean you have blue card, that's infinite rare candies
scope lens is the only lens in this game
there is a save scum strat before jumping to the middle
5F is disappointing because you have to make two trips
yeah which it always ends up being required for me so I cant do the strat LUL
this game hates me I swear
I've been trying to skip hideout more, but the game wont let me
doing two trips is less annoying when you have hidden items
there are so many items in hideout
yeah I know, it locks a gym and a gate check too
I think 13 checks in regular, 15 with hidden
I think I would skip hideout before I would skip radio
den is juicy with hidden added as well
how many are hidden in DD, 3?
I think it's one without whirlpool and two after
XCard is going to be copycat
I've seen Keiz pick up whirlpool in the front of Den more times than any man should have to see
only because that means you'll have all of Kanto at your disposal to find the last two badges
nothing feels worse than having 1 or 2 items left and like 75 checks open
thus far I spent this entire seed trying to untangle this knot in my hair. Said locke is currently hovering in my eyesight
just put the pink bow on your radio, easy
TM for headbutt not as hype as TM for earthquake
you lost like 2 seconds there, better restart
I feel like there are badges in rock tunnel frequently
I feel that as well, there's also 3 hiddens
D R U G S ? ? ?
there's a redundancy with derandomize leftovers
not only is there a derandomize leftovers modifier, but vanilla leftovers is the default
you have to specifically include the modifier to shuffle leftovers
huh wonder why it's default, was that intended?
also then why does the de-randomize modifier exist?
I don't remember if I ever heard a reason for it to exist
leftovers was one of the last things they figured out how to randomize, so it's vanilla by default now
Is the FIR speedchoice only? if not it could be rom compatibility
Item rando is only speedchoice. warp rando currently works with original code as well.
I'm finally off work, happy you're still live! how's it been going? phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
have fun in basement. i'm headed to bed keizaSnug
It's ok, card key is in basement
I have to stop saying these things
yeah your pivot might not be necessary
hidden items makes cianwood so much better hoveyLUL
I'm honestly not even sure what I would do right now
To be fair, you fight 1 gym leader in kanto for 1 check. I think there are more checks per battle in basement.
Buy viewers, followers and primes   on mystrm. store
I was about to do that
I tabbed in just as I heard him read off the name
same I was adding forum posts to copy how phantom's marathon run channel on his discord looks
come back in and some guy with a real big deal on follows comes in
B I G - D E A L S
B I G - F O L L O W S
so apparently surfing in Vermillion can net level 30-39 pokemon. Interesting pivot point.
I wish I knew this game better to try and help im sorry phanto274Cry
nobody can help him at this point
basement is 11 battles for 6 checks, nugget is 8 fights for 3 checks
the worst part is you can't get the director check yet LUL
He's vanilla card key actually, I think you need to beat imposter to open the check
I wouldn't wish vanilla card key on you
yeah I mean the XP makes it a little more worth it
I mean hey you might find card key LUL
by the way I assume you'll let me know if I'm saying too much.
yeah I would never say anything during a race
so if you fly to olivine the moment you enter from the north and skip the rival cutscene, the trainers swimming by whirl are all the rival sprite
yo this is gonna be a crazy time actually
cardless basement seed huh, do you keep logs? Curious where card key is
nah don't worry about it if it's annoying
can we do Mt Silver checks after Red?
I'm convinced that Red can hear you
why'd Charizard learn exactly what it needed to fuck up Red's last few pkmn???
get at least 700 bonks next time
woooow so you absolutely had to commit to cardless basement
thanks for checking that, it's always fun to see
Wait lemme see the Peace Tea again.
Thanks for streaming! Really really enjoyed it
Hey Phantom, good luck in the race! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
many people are in the race?
I coyld swear when I seen the notification its said black ops
jcog was talking about full gear shuffle I didn't know it was happening this week
Ultra boots aint a necessity tho :)
just buy a couple repel gels you be fine
wasn't life shrooms and repel gems renewable somewhere in a show
Alright everyone guess the first partner out the gate
I know Life shroom could get a renewable
did u tell ice about the seed I gave you?
did I miss pain and suffering
oh, the thing you mentioned in the discord
I had some ideas to change the way cooking works in logic, might make changes myself if I can figure out how
so you could beat master 3 without boots
but Master 3 early as f??
@mariomantaw if you need any pointers hmu
Idk if I like dojo tbh
master 1 is fine but 2 and 3 gross no
Damnit I almost guessed laki as the first partner
Did you see the vid of party rock anthem to the song in chapter 1(I forgot what its called)
Have fun in the shop Boy
at least he has a nice house to chill in instead of being stuck in a tree in the snow
oh I know you needed Kent monies lol
Does anyone know if they're porting this game and TTYD to switch?
@ThreeWeenies Paper Mario 64 is already on Switch I believe
they'll bring gamecube to switch around the time they port pokemon to mobile
even tho gamecube is 1 of the best console ever made
But I liked the Gamecube tho
That and the DS selling like hotcakes
that's so weird bc I feel like everyone loved GC
that cuz the ps2 was a dvd player
but you have to consider it was competing with ps2 and cbox at the time
plus as much as people like GC nowadays, how much profit would they realisticly be able to make even now
most people have already pplayed it/still have their original copy
Plus if its just a rre-release as opposed to a remaster, that's different
but I know it didn't sell like crazy
you have a tubba key right?
Is the race glitchless? Sorry dumb question
I have been paying semi attention
I came in to the words "4 turn monster fight" and now I'll be taking my leave
yeah I saw jcog do it
then blessed myself for being late
I'm a pape racer, so my rando race participation usually lines up with those events
nice to see I dodged a bullet
Lol another 8 turn fight lol
I guess the ruins key has potential
see it positively. people won't like what full gear gave them today
Yall know this might be the curse in this seed
Get ready for the next long
I think super blooper is 35 or 40 to sleep
all the bloopers had to die
I am concerned about you using upgraded Laki spiny surge LUL
Your sanity may be worse when you find Goombario Kappa
what did the first blooper block?
This seed makes me feel better i'm laughing LUL
Goombario is trying to mess up our sanity this seed is why he had that badge LUL
I see nothing wrong with it
This seed needs more Goombario power LUL
This seed is doing its best
AND ITS ALL OPENS UP FROM HERE
What was she doing in there
works for me. I prefer your stream/perspective.
I would love to see more of the pape races but I cant handle the lag
What if bombette has the 3rd key
Wait what item was in the blovk just noe
will we find Ultra Boots? stay tune
The real money question is if Goombario will be forced upon us or not chrisPog
You mean' he finally found peace and rest?! chrisPog chrisPog
anything particularly goofy so far this seed
a blooper required seed is just memey and trolly LUL
super blooper with a prologue bottleneck, excellent
That's kind of creepy seeing him sleeping
Yo fr lantern ghost cute when he snoozin
most of the ch 7 shit was here LUL
I looked away by the point we hit Merlow
You just stole Whackas soul in mushroom form phanto274Smile
This seed needs some good luck
Chapter 5 was chapter 1 scale right?
The game really wants you to go to cpt 3
I love seeing bow slap the shit out of everyone, its so damn funny
The seed is madness since Goombario has found a home chrisPanic
hey phantom. how's the run going?
Rowf likes his nuts after all phanto274Smile
It's phanto274Smile to leave the yoshis
ok so other than the beginning
one of the Worst beginnings you've seen?
How does kolorado survive any of that
that the only thing I don't like about jumpless seeds
Because Kolorado is a god Star
seems like you are reading the logic really well
Why does he have so many coconuts
Rowf likes his nuts so he collects them phanto274Smile
Wow you are literally just a key from done
Maybe he will have another coconut Kappa
I think fully charged regular smack was 6 there
Doing chapter 7 last as god intended
You have the option of going "Who?" in their faces in a bit
ngl, besides the trash early game this seed looked pretty fun
I'm not looking at anyone else anyway
mobile can only do so much
I've done a little peeking but no spoilers :)
so you level up on Troopa
everything else was just over so fast
oh the super charge  being 4 and power bounce being 5 hurts me
I'm chilling with pok'mon shield hru @fleetairstrip26
JCog just got go mode in ruins
I have no idea where anyone is at.
Van is go mode finishing 7
but I don't know if I like it in a race really
have they ever thought about changing up race settings even a little bit? just to kinda shake things up instead of the same ol Same ol?
Well, JCog just picked up his last Star Spirit
Do you do randos on a 64 or an emulator?
phantom how do I stop playing gen 8?
I have a 64, how do you do it?
Im guessing this is doable with an emulator right
If/when I get old consoles, I'm just gonna get everdrives
HOW MUCH YOU WANT FOR THE EXTRA????
gimme until Christmas time. if no one buys it from you, I'll pay for it, and the money necessary to ship it to me.
I really like the purple bombette
Why does my man just rob you
Alternatively, I pay you $80, and I cover your $70 for the rental????
But like does Kent have rent to pay lolol
I really like the monochrome on the partners
already lost. I hate this game.
Monochrome Bow is probably my favorite partner alt with purple bombette
I can't wait till bot guesses trees
Tree guessing could totally be a command
What if you have to fight Blooper again?
that mole is gonna hurt the poor boy
You might have to fight Laki...
Game actually wants you to go to 7 lol
You can go almost everywhere now YEP
@iAmKrisXx I mean, he found one...
can't believe toad would just leave his weed out on the table like that.
It was a mistake I say
okay when can we discard partners
I cannot believe what I'm seeing right now. WHAT IS GOING ON
and he is using him not good
Can't wait to Multibonk Bowser YEP
I think phantom is in disbelief as well.
You haven't checked 3 yet though?
I think deep down, like way deep, phantom actually has a soft spot for goombario.
boys and girl's let's leave this run has died
There are more checks here for sure but not nothing in 3
okay the run is saved goombario is gone now
Still have to see the blue circle next to Goombario every time you hit an upgrade block
we just ingore that and pretend he is not there
@1STSTAR__ "cool"? Well, then "chill out", nerd
the bot is making sense again.
Does the bot just use random words from chat
I havent seen blue bow before
Whoa I just looked at the race results, 3 seconds between 2nd and 3rd
I lost 20 minutes due to 3 attempts final bowser, was on a sub 330 pace
first attempt turn 1 phase 1 I found out I was out of life shroom NotLikeThis
bruh, flower fields having palace key, fortress key AND ultra boots!!
after that just had to dip ch1 for starr stone
I did 7 at the very end luckily
I saw Van fight 7 Jr in go mode which was wild
also just to show how bad my final bowser was, I only finish cause I got LUCKY twitce
Nice slightly more useful than normal shop
So do you back to 3 before desert?
These upgrades? Is this a casual run?
Now all you need is parakarry
At least with 3 keys you can lower the stairs as a shortcut
Where were all these letters last seed? Kappa
poor watt they took him in jail
I don't remember where you got Bubble Berry but both of those could be sphere 1
for your trigger plugs did you get long or short ones?
Ive never seen anyone use multi bounce
Multibounce isn't terrible AOE but usually there are better options
Occasionally you might want AOE against flying enemies or something and there aren't many options for that
Imagine Spike Shield Multibounce for these fights
But what if the rules are stupid YEP
I think if Full Gear shuffle were added to races, Ruins Jump might likely get unbanned
The reasoning I heard for it being banned in the first place was guaranteed blocing an upgrade
huh why cant you do it on keyboard?
I proved it was possible with keyboard and that perfect up-left works but is not the sweetspot
With standard buffer method, there's a 4f window and a larger 2f wndow
With spin buffering you can get an extra 2f
Do you save Yoshis on the way to Deep Jungle? Hmm
You gonna make a detour to chapter 3 to get boots
just ordered the plug, had to scroll in our DMs back to July to find the link LUL
I bet, there are times I use Z to spin and it doesnt take it
yoo Phantom, finally back! how'd the race go? also good luck in this run! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Bless
I have down mapped to X, right to Y, left to R, and pressing L and R lets me toss an item
let's gooo that's amazing!! congrats  phanto274Hype
how do you sign up for the race? just curious
mr famous on twitch doesnt have an avator of mr famous
I went out of logic in these tunnels before watt and grabbed the bucket
Watt was JCog's go mode NiceSoftlock
when I saw parakerry I really wanted to jump on spiked goomba but didnt
I remembber getting pulse stone just not where
ch 5 volcano double block room where u do lp skip
pulse stone was last room in volcano
An egg of unknown origin. Restores 5HP.
Its was a good seed beside the hot garbage at the start
I think you were more rewarded in your chapter order
I rememberr saying "I hope the next check gives odd key" spoiler, the next check gave me odd key lol
Waiting for 6 helped a lot. I think JCog went there earlier and ended up doing all the checks in 7
I think most players don't think too much about hidden blocks being out of logic which helped you a lot
I try to think, I have these 3 items now so where does logic want me to go?
oh, I did that skip for the first time tonight
I've been watching alot of your vod's on yt trying to learn more about randos and I like the way you go about them
I tried to do a mystery seed but messed up the settings somehow
makes sense. is the seed still available for others to try?
I got sub 3:50 which im not proud of
Get viewers, followers and primes  on viewers .shop
The Way of the Air Raid!
But you realize now that you've said that Parakarry will suddenly have a 5 FP shell shot next seed.
I like how you are one key away from go mode.
Yeah, I was pretty busy today.
phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype phanto274BLANKIES Inb4 Goombaria has your key.
almost time for phantoms casual playthru
I have 2 games, I'll let you pick 1
one was on my everdrive, it really surprised me
I wonder if Tutankoopa can knock out his last HP if it goes on long enough for him to accidentally hit himself?
I'm exhausted from work but still kickin
You have Goombario so I need to know where he was
Excuuuuse me, you upgraded him? XD
WENT BACK AND GOT HIM AND UPGRADED HIM
Are you sure you didn't need a title for this video so that's why you did it?
I Upgraded Goombario And He Killed a Blooper *EMOTIONAL* *NOT CLICKBAIT*
Oh hey, Peach and Twink match this seed!
Don't let Goombario get away with his crime
I've never done anything other than toad town spawn
buff00n did you get a chance to play frontiers yet?
Beginning is the weirdest part by far
Have you tried death wish? it's my go to
Are you teaching Buffoon to sr PM
If so this youtube vid is gonna be 7 hours
This better be submitted to the leaderboards
Okay but LOWKEY I might not make it to Seattle on Friday.
There is a cat 1 hurricane this week and I have a connection in Boston to get to Seattle
I lowkey can't leave my state because I'm broke
I am SUPPOSED to land in Seattle at 10:49 PM Friday
I have an hour and 13 minute layover in Boston so I'm hoping if I get delayed in FLL it's not by much
I need all of you manifesting
Well that's the thing, If I get delayed or canceled at all I'm not making it to Seattle at all
Cuz then I miss my connection and there are no nonstops
My air mattress arrives in the morning, so if anyone needs it feel free
Anyway gonna go in and out of lurking while I play Sonic
Have a safe trip Raven <3
Phantom sometime when you're free could you help me set this up on an emulator or is there a like a youtube vid that can help
does buffoon know this game enough to be able to do a rando lolol
It aint sonic so you are bad
also do we know when brett is getting in?
no using lakitu this run buffoon
You gonna collect goombario when you find him buff00n
Yo what's good Phantom & Buff00n?
I'm at the terminal for the next 3 hours
Ima lurk while I do homework
this terminal is nicer at least
I've got a one person booth with an outlet so I'm ok
at least I got a better seat out of it lol
so I took a window next to the restroom
lemme see if it's the same still
yea my corner is still like just me I sent you a pic lol
HOW MANY RANDOS HAVE YOU WATCHED
1 fp power shock is great
Oh god letters dojo and trading is on too?
they just brought out snacks for the people waiting
I got a soda and some goldfish
Weird way to tell Buff00n you hate them
they just brought one of the carts they stock the plane with and said go crazy
You guys getting Scarlett or violet?
At least you got to come this way and don't have to dodge fuzzy
I hope you didn't turn on fast castle
Yeah buff00n, you might want to talk about this friendship
note to self: never go to seattle for something
How many bits to make this random pitch
Can't you change that if you repatch the rom?
I think jcog turned it off once mid rando
You started here too? What an ass
this is making me feel less bad for myself
Did goomba king at least have something?
I know basic lures but I'm used to ttyd lures
so I'm bad at jumping them
7 and a half hours of paper mario on a saturday afternoon in december
Phantom did you vet the seed or are you blind too?
You can do 7 hours of Paper Mario and still have time to get dinner with friends at 8PM LOL
Hell yeah. Also glundo practice when?
buff00n Gaming capital G? (REAL NOT CLICKBAIT)
If it make u feel better I still use a map to find the 1st secret area
omg I just realize where the path it now
the big ass rock am I blind
well guess I don't need a map now lmao
make him do record skip LUL
Please make it ch5 first required chapter
he could just find everything he needs in the jungle
Buffoon - are you doing LP?!
Yeah I assumed he did lol all good!
buff00n have you ever played a rando yourself?
Have y'all already thrown down in smash?
Is sonic frontier garbage or should I buy?
I'll wait for you to finish it before I buy lol
Can we have a stream where we play Mario kart with chat?
You guys are all neighbors or something.?! That's sick
I live in west loop downtown!
did a gargage race settings full shuffle
btw, I came up with a new rando strat
well new for me at least
buff00n is gonna start steaming randos now right?
so for me, I had HP plus at 3 BP so I never upgraded it. On Jr I leveled up so for hallway I removed HP plus then added it back
phantom, where is death counter KEKW
Is this going on youtube Kappa
Good luck guys, I need to catch up on sleep
last night I rolled 2 seeds and only slept 5 hours before work
buff00n, I recommend running hustle drink with double or triple dip
Has this seed been not great?
phantom, DM me this seed link. I'll try it tomorrow
I'll be a celebration of me hitting 200 hours in rando KEKW
a star piece and a lot of xp OpieOP
phantom I cant believe you making buff00n play this shit
Wait homeworld shroom didnt bring him to toad town?
Just get laki and clip to rip cheato
I'm so sorry it's come to this
especially since this is last location check in logic atm PrideLaugh
oh wait a minute, I guess I should know your settings winnerLol
ohhhhh I never realized exactly why you put those up there. I thought they were just like certain checks. I like that setup PrideUwu
WHAT? OKAY I NEEDA CHECK THIS LOL
Mr. Bloop never stood a chance
Does he need star pieces for anything
Is ur fish a shiny pokemon
ohhh this is a cheated version
Why is this room the bandit meeting room
Every coin you get is pre-gaming for rip cheato
Bro how many traps is that?
oh buff00n! Nice Kirby shirt ohheyi30Roll
you're doing better than I would buffoon
No you can time out VIPs
What game would I want phantom to speedrun
however iirc, if you time out a mod, they lose their mod PrideLaugh
This seed is just letters and star pieces
I watched a whole ass kof top 8
yeah, that's what playing an OoT Rando feels like to me a lot LOL
I'm curious, have you played this game before buff00n?
randos are freaking hard to get into
like I know about this game, but it was still hard starting off
I have like an hour to board
get rid of the 2nd pallos too
to compare me to him that's insulting
I also gotta piss but I'm not leaving my stuff
so I'm waiting for the plane
one thing I hope we're able to get someday is a sprite of Kirby instead of Mario PrideLaugh
I know that's extremely hard to implement but it'd be cool PrideUwu
I want to play as goombario with Mario scale
not only that, but after hearing fro, uhhh, Icebound? Clover? they said the rando could break it and make it super hard to work with
I've thought about that in the past too
buff00n is gonna get higher level than the hot fix
I am not doing fucking letters
Apples are a top 3 fruit
what kind of apples do you like pallos
get him I buy you something at Denny's
I'm just gonna pretend I know what's happening
also I ain't paying your whole meal I'm just buying you an app
I hope traps can kill you
buffoon was just trying to do peril strats
I'm gonna be stuck at the airport while this bitch is at star 3
That was in character for her
okay that makes me sad ngl
1ststar never said what his favorite type apple was smh
I work in produce I know the names give me one
The one I know is granny smith
and if you say red delicious you get perma'd
he has parakarry for that smh
he has consumed so much pape but he shat it all out
Hey Phantom! Hope this seed is treating you good! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Bless
I'm gonna drop blocks just cause of ttyd
you do them later in ttyd
this emote saves me so much energy for shittalking
I want to squeeze its nose
bitch waited for it to go down
buff00n is praying my plans gets here soon
Ima got to bed, good luck buff00n
phanto274Smile I see this is going well
Who told this man to turn on... everything
Why was buff00n dabbing during the hammer charge
the bee almost ended his whole carrer
then I can piss and sleep
I'm concerned for that man sanity
he's gonna be in go mode in an hour I can feel it
I will do jumpless but not letters
I would do jumpless and hammerless
I'm gonna die 5 times to a gooba
we're here to watch buff00n do the pape
stream was good! other than having to bop someone tonight
Instead of practicing bs zelda, i've been playing Breath of Fire 2
bop my glundo marathon pb you wont no balls
It really is so badly translated LOL
also the encounter rate is asscheeks
I forgot how bad the encounter rate was compared to bof 1
I'm at the witch tower, and I still don't have a healer
I'm shoving herbs into my throat
Rand is like 7 levels under me LMAO
but... Nina Katt and Sten D:
Katt and Nina are perma party members
Shadow peach can spit on me, step on me, and call me names, and I'd be okay with it
yeah in the hell seed I gave m4 there were so few life shrooms in the seed they didnt have any for the boss rush lol
don't worry buff00n next seed I give phantom will be payback for this Kappa
It's sleeping because it's trying to conserve energy
yeah but you watched the cutscene
how did he figure out that puzzle
yo I came back to catJAM fight
It doing except Raven is discord !Rando
Thank you raven! I created my username as a small child and never got around to changing it lol
they would have blocked that in minnesota
that was the hardest looking junior fight I have seen
the goomba king can live as a treat
what if you say you're peach?
did you get the fotress key from merlow
yoo Phantom! How's it going? phanto274BLANKIES
oh yay I finally found someone who dose paper mario rando's there super fun to watch
welcome luigi, Phantom is one of the best!
you got me back into playing regular paper mario though
I saw powerbomb is 8 fp. Let's hope Mega Bomb is better lol
at least they got out from underneath
Phantom what's the advantage to hammering an item vs picking it up regularly ?
when is it my turn to be on your stream phanto274Rage
I feel so delayed lol I'm at work watching in between making pizzas phanto274Facepalm
mario looks on expressionless as tubba vores stanley
mario and bombette match so cute phanto274Love
"Im sorry that trap was mean, have your coins back... JUST KIDDING!!"
alright gotta get back to work, but have fun!! phanto274BLANKIES
how you think this seed about to go phanto274Smile
no way the bot just said a sentence
Is the toy box clip in on?
What cursed powers are at work for Goombario to be with you?
Gommbario has a way of cursing seeds when he is found chrisSad
you know what parakarry told me?
he also said that you fucked his wife and that he is going to piss on the moon for revenge
She gave you a bomb, how nice of her
this is why we had the Lunar eclipse
How long did buff00ns run take yesterday?
do chapter 6 card lzs when you get there raven
Faris told me to raid u
Blame me for this raid PridePog
Apparently my headphones are broken Ican't hear you so good luck lol
buffoon got a lot more stars quicker after his first
this is just slaking against protect
the moment you pick up goombario, it's go mode
you hit them again with hammer
wasn't there a ruins key with the crystal berry
I'll say it once and I'll say it for the 1000th time
It's goombario turn to power bounce lg
you forgot the tubba key go back and get it Kappa
It's in my favorite gifs on discord lol
they flushed Kopper like they flushed the Yeezys
back from Sonic Frontiers ending recovery
does eggman piss on the moon?
eggman pisses on the starfall islands
I finally got Discord notifications set up properly so I actually know when you start streaming now LUL
are you just commentating over a vod?
I havent cleared a single full gear shuffle this week so worried about the race
If its FGS I may just sit it out
I'd ratherr not play than have another DNF
Glad you're feeling better, been missing my Phantom streams phanto274Cry
Do you know what you were sick with?
Cool Spot on Gensis or refund me then
F Zero wouldnt been dope, but I get it
@sma11zz have you seen F Zero X Climax?
phantom you don't have to do this
Are you going to be streaming the new Pokemon games?
where the scarlet violet at lol
Is that because it releases in JP at that time too?
I wont be able to watch any of the new pokemon game until I play it
when the rabbids game released I had to wait for 2 am central for some resaon
also y u go 1-2 in Port
does destiny bond have negative priority in gen 2
wait I thought they fixed it where Psychic us Not super effective in Gen 2
where ur rival lol.  bitch is OP
thought he did witch all the legendaries
he's a gym leader in viridian in gen 2
what's the % of Fissure anyway for evenly lvled pokemon? it's still flat 30%?
Cmon Karen don't be a bitch
I was about to say is it busted Explosion
Prepare for trouble! Make it Double!
I remember this fight being horrible in round 2.
I've certainly never done so, especially not getting WRs in any BN games
so that was a reset just cus the pokemon the lead with
so Golduck can cast Rain Dance?
but where's the real minigame gameplay?
going to GameStop to get my Violet copy and pick up Little Caesars right after
I'm picking up my Scarlet at midnight as well
just put your Pok'mon in the game
actually I wonder how randomized Pok'mon would work here.
Togetic do be a lil' goblin
I'm more shocked it didn't die from double edge
RNG in this game seems so heavy
I like how some of these Pok'mon cries are either: random animal sounds OR modified in game cries
crits could save time if it's a OHKO instead of multiple turns
do you think girafarig is going to have an evolution in 20 years?
alright what game you trying to speedrun
Squid1 propokEL propokER Squid4 propokJ we're here for the waiting room
I nuzlocke Stadium. It's...well...a thing KappaPride
I was just relaxing and working on my board game :)
and it absolutely is one of the most bs nuzlockes I've ever done and I've done a Master Trainer nuzlocke
I mean, Stadium is as unfair as Smogon Kappa
that's not a posion type. Just a toxic pokemon!
Is he going to be a bitch again :)
The announcer lines are so iconic lol
He put some heart into this role lol
now you die to Aero :(
alright I'll be on my way now, GL Mr. Strimmer!
Im assuming you're just using the sheet on src
I can send my notes if you want
has updated strats and is easier to parse imo than the sheet
the same reason misty has a sunflora, etc
I was cursed with a good pb almost instantly so I never had that luxury lol
my 2nd completed run is my 2:12 and it took less than 10 attempts lol
and now 700 attempts later that's still my pb lol
will is like the only one that's even remotely consistent and even then you can lose a minute plus to girafarig 2nd or other weird teams
that clefable is so fucking goofy
I would say rocket bridge but jasmine is a troll sometimes
I've lost to her more than once for sure, if you get a bad team then she's a nightmare
u buying digital or hard copy of pokemon
thats not what I meant LUL
hey you're only 5 minutes behind my pb
my early game was incredibly ass in pb
I lost like 4 minutes on e4 lol
ok yea holy fuck my pb
4 minutes lost on e4, a minute or so lost on kanto gyms, 3 minutes on clair's gym
a minute or so on pryce
and I would need to get somewhere in runs to figure out my other timeloss lol
but yeah that's a lot in just a few splits
my sum of best is almost sub 2
yeah this gym fucking sucks lmao
easily my least favorite in the johto half
Are you excited at all for SV
that's just how this game be :)
alright now it's pryce's turn to behave :)
quick claw has probably killed most of my runs that have gotten past brock other than crits
Yo the new pokemon game looks SICK Kappa
male exec has wobb which is the most annoying part easily
the newer strats for rocket bridge are good tho, not that i've gotten there myself since, just in practice lol
but yea more often than not drill peck into hyper will be fearow's strats for cleaning up regardless of the fight
thankfully donphan is just tanky enough that it'd rather go for the guaranteed solarbeam kill, which is why this fight works the way it does
yup, all about manipulating the ai to be dumb lol
aw we didn't get to see wobbuffap
and when wobbuffap faints he says "rubbed out..." like cmon man
mantine you were supposed to lead smh
ok I will say I think I like the staryu strats over the current strats for this fight but I get why it was changed
yup and that's mainly why the new strats are better, gives him less chances to get horn drills out
this is why reflect sucks lmfao
oh my god he really just di dthat
this is one of the worst things ive ever watched
well I hope you learned your lesson
that dead ass looked like a game of chicken on pokemon showdown
he looked like he knew what he was doing
my body is comprised of 70% ownium
my favorite part of the zubage movie was when zubage went "it's zubbin time" and zubed on those guys
fucking smoochage might be the best one LOL
time to call upon ice shard
just so you know it is female
hey lois remember that time you were in goldenrod gym
alright can we get furret AND sentdy in the same run
"is there big D" - the captions
captions giving off some real big owo energy rn
oh yea I forgot whitney strats changed because imagine me getting this far
I'm surprised that did 2 damage
did you get scarlet or violet, phantom?
I had to get violet because I can't stand the fact that the cover legendary just uses its legs when it has wheels
yo, these new pokemon look so dope!!
Is this a backward gym leader castle run?
Also I see you mainly do N64 games. I love that!
Paper mario is a really game
I recently dabbled myself into pape rando and I was really confused on how the game works
It was definitely out of my comfort zone
Yo is that the Axl_SR I see?
I watched alot of pape rando before I started tho
heyo Dark, youll see me alot here lol
red coming in thinking this is rby
I noticed that the 1P trainer looks a bit like the protag from colosseum
gotta go, have fun with next game and Scarlet
I did notice the waiting room part in the title. What are you waiting on?
Oh Yea that's right. I forgot about that
God, stadium is so nostalgic for me
I got like 5 dms about it today
I forgot I was entirely unseeded LOL
They were like "This person was supposed to get 588th and they got top 128" they didn't say I DQ'd after though
I still haven't lost twice so I'm on tweeks level
I'll put the clip on twitter for internet points while twitter still exists
Sunkern? I eat those for breakfast!!
I've been coughing non stop for a half hour help
my pain is all gone it's just all the uncomfortable shit now
I BETTER FUCKING NOT HAVE IT FOR 3 MONTHS
@RuneRavenFP I was coughing for 2 weeks after I got better from covid
I just want to not die at this point
There's a fg thing in december I'm going to with jibca and I wanna not be dead
I made an instagram and they instantly banned me
I literally just typed in my confirmation code whatd I do
Off of work finally and also in the SV waiting room
Sup phantom - how you feeling
Everyone is getting sick man it's nuts
Did you have to take off work
Who do we get to blame for the sickness?
Yea with when you got it you def had it from me
This.. looks like a fun seed
Like why zard in every damn game
I wasn't gonna buy pokemon right away but now I might just to have something to do while sick
Cause I don't wanna stream if I'm coughing up a lung every 2 minutes
If you want me to sit down and teach you a few core exploits lmk
Hey Phantom, how are you? phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Love good luck
sorry to hear that, hope you get better soon phanto274Bless
@buff00n when the next pape rando?
For owners of the digital version of scarlet and violet, what time does it release tonight?
Clair's my favorite gen 2 gym leader
what game is this ? crystal rando?
when does sacarlet violet come out?
I havent played a legitimate new release pokemon game since black and white ive play bd but thats just a remake
I love pokemon I just find it so hard to play vanilla
Oh it was red gyarados LMAO
Wanna get back into pokemon but I got bored of Sword/Shield quickly
I shit myself for a second thinking that was a legit shiny
but also feel if I tried to play a raindomizer I would get so lost
hmm might be worth trying it out esecially of io can just get a map tracker
I thought they did do they not?
Is this just an item randomizer ?
Did you find BDSP to be trash?
I thought it was just a fever dream shiruCOPIUM
enjoy the new pokemon cant watch later
I cant play because my brother said he wants to
Im just curious if there are any cut pokemon
I forgot to preinstall when I bought it today
I'm nuzlocking this game to spite them
maybe the option will show up when you get your first pokemon
because going fast is not allowed
no nonbinary person would wear that hat pokemon ruined my representation
choose your hairstyle, but also wear this hat which hides it anyway
I never cared abt the clothing so eh
m4 finally got a circle while twitter's on its deathbed
the first 2 make me win anyways idc
Thats how it was in swsh
Fuecoco is the only good one
Oh I forgot about her Flushed
Fuecoco is genuenly my least favorite starter period
The cat becomes submissive and breedable
multiplayer is going to run horribly
This is running like launch rf5
And xseed has so much less than gamefreak in terms of resources
lol, it doesnt even have music
no stop panning out the camera let the game run
why is the ui like that
It looks fine but where's the style
wow what a difficult fight D:
It looks fine to me idk
I like the pokemon icons in the level up tho
It looks like strive ui though
do they let your choose your pronoun?
They way the sand came in goin up the stairs
how old is nemona, asking for a friend
the animation eating a sandwich OMEGALUUL
my favorite frame is that one
I'm going to get stuck on a rock somehow somwhere
this game looks like it will get me stuck if I run into one the wrong way
a rare candy this early lol
If rare candy is so rare then why did I find it at the beginning of the game????
If pokemon let me die on a cliff I'd be happy
that Diglett looks REALLY STRONG it might even be more powerful than my pokemon!
TacoGuy74: that Diglett looks REALLY STRONG it might even be more powerful than my pokemon!
Xseed at least smoothened the frames for rf5
Its too much effort to voice act in 15 languages
They couldn't get it to a consistent 30 but they got it stable for gameplay
Yo I'll take her number Flushed
why does it blur for every camera change
I DONT GIVE A SHIT THAT YOU CAN CRAFT IT
Jokes on you I love crafting CDs
Yo this guys mom is hot
now you can only have one tm earthquake
I went right here cause my adhd ass compels me
ralts in the area here btw
how do you feel about gen 5, phantom?
Look at the girl in the back
really, why? I know very little about competitive
oh yeah that makes sense lmao
you've played all games up to gen 8, right?
yo sick, let's run sapphire shiruW
DP are the worst pkmn games IMO
so it's kinda similar to gen 4
pt is just so much better than dp
XY were the last games I played
now I try to ignore the new stuff
I don't think they're bad, I'm just not interested in new content
monado mentioned pokemon and his chat is now defending this games graphics and performance
Like you can like pokemon for pokemon but you can't say those aspects are good lolll
I don't understand people who say you're not allowed to criticize the games
Monado isn't even talking about gameplay or saying don't buy it
He's just talking about how horrific it looks and runs compared to other things made by 2nd party nintendo
what is todoroki doing in this game lmao
villain teams have not been good for 4 gens
yo nice chandelure you just caught
why is the game making me wait to mash text
how much does this game cost in the US?
I found a seel tier pokemon design and name
IT DOESNT EVEN EVOLVE THAT'S JUST IT
oh you're getting the quest started
I think I'm starting this one first
no dont put the hat on me game stop
holy shit every time it gives me control it keeps giving me like a frame of tpose and it's jumpscaring me
I need no hat and I need actual pants STAT
hello no shirt or pants lady
Gen 6 and 7 has the best amount
they better add it back or something
this costs 5k in new york
this airbnb doesn't have malorts in it so this is better than the combo breaker one
they didn't model the bathroom 0/10
Outstanding: This future pokemon master glued a hat onto their head
okay they can afford voice acting pls
time to run off and never attend school again right
You always want to leave so they did a good job simulating real school
I'm ready for people to be mad at Dunkey for not liking this one
they need to not do this
Sakurai been telling people to not make their intros boring
Rf5 is like an hour where they explain shit and give char intros and then you can just do whatever you want
Intro is mostly voiced though so it's way nicer casually lol
they let me turn off cutscenes tho
I'm leaving that off for the first 3 hours of the game I do not care
I give 0 shits until the game actually starts
I killed the pig it wanted me to catch
that ruins it for so many people
where are the hot gym leaders
did you get scarlet or violet (or did you get both)?
Idk how I'm nuzlocking this if areas aren't separate
Is my character supposed to land when they fall off the cliff in the intro
They landed and then flew on their phone
nah mine she just hit the fucking dirt then flew back up
I should've bought and preloaded this earlier. Guess I'll have to start tomorrow
It broke the rock and assumed penis shape
why is a cutscene playing I turned these off
It skipped the houndours but not the houndoom
WHY DOES IT NEED TO DO IT ALL
Imagine if you could turn off animations
THAT KID IS TINY HE IS GOING TO *DIE*
Imagine if they made an aiming system a game ago they could recycle
Gonna go sleep like that Pawmi now gn
well it looks slightly less bad than sword and shield :)
oh yeah, no more animation skipping
this reminds me of how usum ran on the original 3ds
oh when you heal at a pokemon center, theres a white line along the left side of the screen, like a mp4 is playing
what a unique gameplay choice 4Head
I cant wait to break and buy this in a week anyways
Im shleep gl on hf el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
why do I have to grind pokemon killing to get tms
why can I not just find them
Is it not possible to buy TMs anymore?
the sad thing is that I'm still gonna go buy this game tomorrow
oh you're sick? hope you feel better
I thought this was a scarlet/violet channel Jebaited
I'm quite liking scarlet so far. just wish the performance issues weren't there
I hate that it performs better undocked
I like how you can BLJ with the mount lol
Im having so much fun with it tbh
I discovered a sequence break in south province area one that gets you to area four without going to the city
sitting this one out, sure you already know why
to trigger the gyms and such, yeah
I'm taking my time with it, streaming objectives and such while doing grinding and raids offstream
Its just a really bad day for me
was it just a bad cold?
I can join if you wait intil Tuesday KEKW
I'm almost always out shopping whenever these start up
Is race being stalled for more people?
try holding straight up after falling jcogLurk
ever since I started doing that instead of up/right it's never failed for me
yeah that's what all the tutorials say to do lol
for this, if you approach from low enough that the bush pushes you up and then just time it right as you get to the tree, should clip *almost* every time
that's what I've had the most success with
dunno if you watched back the commentary from yesterday, but I felt like we didn't mention your stream as much cause things went mostly pretty smooth for you LUL
so apparently if you connect 2 joy cons you can run twice as fast in SV
oh and sorry for info dumping lol, but you can hold right before the start of this room and mario will turn around before the cutscene starts, which I think placing bombette easier
you can just hold straight up
that is when the fame window becomes 2, so makes sense haha
I still hammer buffer this KEKW
I downloaded weedMario as a png
I fully expected it and it was still great
It's all a conspiracy, I blame Lenin and his trainer paperLurk
the crash? uhhhh, I think the unreleased version has that fixed
guess we should get on releasing that jcogSmile
yeah I put a bunch of work into making loads/warps more stable
cause it was getting on my nerves lmfao
but yeah, turns out the devs didn't really want you to just be able to just load a map in any state, go figure
okay I'm gonna actually get ready for the race now, glhf!
you mean at 615 right? LUL
my brother has n64 online so I tried pape, got to toad town save block and quit LUL
didnt even go to the summit
Is sin and punishment translated on there?
I need to add that to my ED
you did weekly rando race 2 weeks ago
trying to enjoy this Pok'mon game
I will prob get pokemon next year
they're doing dlc for this game
It's not as fun as it was with Arceus
I wish they kept it like Arceus
I can't see these tiny as motherfuckers
yeah I didn't like the Arceus battle system too much
She cooked up a badge just for you. LUL
Now all we need is Watt
I got stuck on a sudoku puzzle
Sudokus continue to be fun to solve. :)
yeah, they layered on some interesting mechanics
and you had to solve multiple at the same time
money money if you need more money Kappa
they're ok when they're not trying to bash your eyes in with a fire extinguisher
It has a free demo, which is what I just did
You know it's ironic that you dread going to Ch 3 but your name is Phantom and pfp is a boo. LUL
Spin Cancel on the tree. New strats for randos PogChamp
Shows how much I know about speedrun strats
Sup phantom. Hope ur feeling better
the beach was loaded I say
I looked away - did he just get 3 key items?!
We can't save the Yoshis :(
should I take a shot for good rng
give that shit back to the mayor
lemme get a snowman, on ICE
phantom, have you tried the new pokemon game yet?
how'd you like it? I've only just gotten my 3rd badge. I thinks it's okay. quite laggy in a lot of areas.
100% dink? idek that was possible
@iAmKrisXx Same. It's good but has a ton of issues.
They needed more time to develop for sure
that's how I feel about it
Are you planning to use your YouTube for content outside of VODs?
they gotta expand on this yeah
Aye, thank you for gifting me, Anon
but it definitely needed more expanding on it
bruh I heard it crashed on some folks
DLC will finish the game sales (i assume)
But I don't think it'll fix the issues
I don't buy the DLC if the main game doesn't warrant it
I mean who wouldn't love the buttery smoothly frame rate of 3 fps
but ppl will buy it :\
just the name itself gets the attention
Both sides are to blame imo
because they have this small subs company doing all the work
the small subsidiary company was working on Arceus
GF goes out of their way to cut corners
and had to come to work on SV
only 168~ employees at gf too, so tiny for what haha
Way too small a scale for what they're trying to do
makes no sense too since they get a cut of Pok'mon sales
I just get so confused by it rofl
they did alot of works on the models
The models are good. The animations are...
the sky battle models are mostly dead now
No more t-posing flying pokemon. LUL
tbh the Paradox mons are what Megas should have been
It took like 3 gens to get this far ~_~
Megas were a cool concept. It was just poorly executed
Yellow Berry next to the yellow flower
They're just throwing money at you.
You do have a tubba key
All we need now is a stone that looks like a star
Kooper has been naked this whole time?
And hopefully find some more things along the way.
The Christmas list consists of: A bean, some soil, a little bit of water, a toy train, a triangle, and a koopa on a cloud.
Scratch triangle off the list. LUL
Oh yeah, it's all coming together now
that has to be some dry cake
Dusty Cake - Restores 10 FP, lost 1 HP
Mario doesn't like Chest Jump apparently
More dusty cake - Attic Edition
was that mint cake, or somethign
The coolest cake in the game
There is no cake, only zuul
they want you to beat the shit outta lava piranha
You could give Anti Guy the Lemon Candy... or you could be a chad
Posie gave him an egg earlier.
thank you bot, I didn't need a reminder of my failure
In my last seed I had to do ch7 scaled pit without boots
how long ago did you hit go mode?
Imagine a sub 230 go mode ohheyi30WATTERS
letting all the doggos out so I missed the last hour
XP farming with the koopa bros Kappa
Honestly a straightforward seed because we didn't find Goombario to curse it
we found him? I may be a little sick now LUL
I am a firm believer that without Goombario good things happen
@hlpm123 thanks for the gift sub
Only Goombario would think of making this be required
And to check ultra boots check and that's about it
any sub requests before I leave?
so last night I lurking with jaye, just got home and tthe raid guided me to V0oid LUL
I was about to say what happens
oh hey i'm making practice saves for another category that nobody plays, what a coincidence
gotta brush up on my ck blocks cause you gotta hit 9/9 ScaredyCat
I got double close call 7 cap huff lmfao
yea it's a cool category it's just the fucking gauntlet of huff, jr, and ck are kinda cringe
What's WR for no pw like rn
Its rude to not say hi to the bot
and yea im doing iss which thankfully I havent had too much trouble with so hopefully that translates into runs
how does one practice in school suspension? Kappa
new question, when full load zone rando happens I cant wait to see people get fucked by tweesters KEKW
I thought the desert was 4x4 this whole time
4 corners x 2 equals 8. 20 side maps x 3 equals 60. 25 center maps x 4 equals 100.
but I wanna get the dried shroom that's in the first dark room of basement!!
they were asking about upgrade blocks on the map tracker too LMAO
what if power bounce is in castle?
If its in castle then you have a slightly more annoying seed
I question some of the emo tracker choices, like partner upgrades, anti guy, ect. Like if you have antiguy why not add lantern ghost too KEKW
Isn't peach's castle 20-30 rooms or something?
I thought Bowsers castle had 100 rooms
maybe I misheard jcog in his FP tutorial
Bowser's basement is the ResidentSleeper moment of the game.
Nintendo added a good 30 minutes of padding
TTT is confusing, just call it Toad Town Tunnels. I had to think for a hard minute
CK, WABITR, and certain trick names are the acceptable abbreviations
oh nooo I missed prologue whatever will I do
I pretty much did too lol
glitchless prologue like a true gigachad
bts is the trick of all time imo
dont forget to refund my points if you arent doing f zero
what f zero the gamecube 1?
a fan mod of F-Zero X on N64
Its easier to track in rando
the last 1 on jp is way too fast
jcog timed it and said its the same
I mean im not gonna time it lol
would it have been faster to reload the room?
even pape was tired of that chapter 1
I thought my headphones fucked up lmao
chapter 1 went from ass to a$*
I was thinking my headphones was dying ngl
let me think of an eexcuse to dissapear and miss prologue
Progress hype! WOW! That was such a moment. I feel so bad for people who weren't here to witness it. Where's our moment badge, Dan? That was such a moment! I remember when I was there. I should have a permanent badge next to my name to showcase and brag to all those people who weren't here. I want to induce anxiety to all those who see my name in chat! Cheer100 Cheer100
guess I didn't miss prologue after all
they auto corrected phantom to Dan... I swear!!
how could you forget the best feature
Im in the middle of it
I would like to keep my hearing thanks
that was definitely cart tilt yea
You can beat Bowser this time
nmsb didnt like you calling it an easy pb so it crashed pape
this seems like the forgetting category
I think what makes that crash funnier is Mario exploded before that.
hour and a half of gaming and only 3 glitches
I love glitchless with a few exceptions
does tree climb have a tutorial or is it a "watch random's run" kinda trick?
Imagine prologue just becomes ads for all non subs
less streamer interaction and no goombario
I can't see Goombario for longer than 20 minutes
I can't see Goombario for longer than 2 minutes
also Yoshi skip should be a part of NMSBs
you can lure them if you get reaaaaally close to the second guy and then go downleft and do a half circle to the top
I don't even think about that though it's so rare that I just do the movement and if it doesn't work then oops
wasting all my good rng making practice saves
mx_four: Maddi_SR: I just got b
m4 I got double close call 7 cap huff while making saves last night for no pw
I don't think i've ever seen that period
and then beamless final just now, 6 cap on hallway (he deserved the extra bounce), 5 cap jr and ck
I'm so close to VIP again... also I would need double to get 200K
can't wait for actual runs to destroy me now
there's an 11% chance of the game crashing randomly
I just finished my first paper Mario randomizer got super bad rng early game and then late game was super easy
the 1's in 11% both stand for chapter 1
at least it wasn't during pape races
I'm gonna pad up my n64, tilt proof
add a siren that blows your ears out if the cart isn't in correctly
Garioairio: add a siren that blows you
my carts dont start if its all the way in. think its something to do with my cart tray
the first badge I got was power rush so I had to run danger strats for early game for items in shy guys toybox all of which led to important checks
playing on doing my next rando after stream
I love that it's literally .2 sec after he leaves when he hits Mario
I just did the version of the new any% final with close call equipped and then won with a 3 cap
bc I got 3 close calls
I ended up learning that bombette can break yellow blocks because I forgot to randomize the placement of the hammer and boot upgrades
If that happened in a run I'd be so mad lmao
just kill me you near sighted asshole
goomba rio is my favorite guy
you in cold climate? the cold has been killing me
so, it is actually full random?
Mmm probably not the best for when your sick
damn :( couldn't see the best part... The prologue
all the goombario action is over
what does "no major sequence breaks" means? my english isn't that good
"what if you could glitch in glitchless"
I don't remember when I added this but I love it
my very next trial was triple cloud 9 5 cap
finally, less cheating in the game
I was nervous on that part when you made the run on the event xd
Interesting category name haha, never heard it before
ahh, is there like a particular reason you think why there's so few?
It's like less than a year old
It's new + most ppl who decided to learn glitches just jumped straight into all cards/any%
when this exists as something you can run while learning tricks
Just farmed the fuck out of an axl to get celestial back
ahh okay! Thanks for the infos! LOL was just gonna ask if there were any interesting differences route wise
I perfected him 3 times in a row during that
All cards is hype glad I finally learned it
I'm excited for sin to come out just because his xrd theme slaps and this means I get to have that
okay haha, that took a while, i'm so slow
How can I watch this if there's no funny jump
Do you still have a cough phantom
I'm down to like 3 coughing fits a day and I can actually breathe through my nose
The congestion was the worst part for me outside of the pain
Cause the cooler fans make my ears fill sometimes and I can't fucking pop them
That record is cool but you should get world record
It took me 5 minutes to get chapter 2 card lzs lmfao
I can save a few minutes by just not doing it
but still free timesave for next run
I find 4 the easiest for whatever reason
3 was like 8th try I think
I do that setup, I can find it one sec
this is a good one fishShy
oh I thought it was a yt video for some reason but it's just an mp4 in the clips channel lol
@buff00n don't tell me what to do
fuck it i'll make it a yt video, slap that on pma
yo morp ty for the gl
they really made every guy character in strive look like they took steroids
yo maddi ty for the gl
@runeravenfp like you'd do anything I'd tell you to do
I had a lot of that last night in that run I did
oh interesting the gif on pma does the jump left from way closer to the card than rain does
playing with the toads I see :)
there's 4 methods and somehow they're all terrible
I'm good, how about you? feeling better?
When was the last BN6 stream?
@RuneRavenFP I went to the Portillo's founder house today
did you give him a kiss on the lips
Can't he lives in a gated community
I learned that to evolve the megaman boss pokemon I need to farm sinistea
@TacoGuy74 You're white you can get in
Yea you have to get 10 drops from sinistea and then find some guy
holy SHIT I just ate an ice cream
my character just flew into it on the screen stone faced and then sat in the middle of the screen stone faced for 10 seconds
@RuneRavenFP Me when I go to my local Dairy Queen
Holy shit though after dropping this game for a few days and coming back
I had one area where the game ran better and it made me feel like I was going so fucking fast on my mount
And then the camera zoomed back out and it went back to 10fps
Fuck this pokemon shit I'm going to costco
Good to hear :) you sound like you're feeling better
being sick is actually the worst
so my boss's boss asked me "you ever heard of the word 'rizz'" today...
I wasn't ready for that at 8:15am
twitch just gave me 450 channel points so
Slash cross could help its beast charge does 400 damage with max attack
What's the point of playing the Japanese versions of the games?
Oh yeah but isn't there an English patch
I got wendys and gas is now down to 2.79
What did you get from Costco
I re-bought the blanket that brett got me in seattle
They had the same one there for 15 bucks so I grabbed it immediately
Yea I just went there to get more taquitos and melatonin
*sigh* guess I play pokemon again now
or you could go back to costco
I should go back to costco
I actually want to run BN6 myself. This is my first time running it.
I remember when I watched this series
damn I miss like the whole run rip
Would you do a casual playthrough of network transmission?
Click the ad button on Twitch
what made you consider peed running on NSO?
why would you do this to yourself
NSO > N64? (more likely than you think)
gl on the run on the clearly SUPERIOR console
cleearly this is the superior console
PB chance wasn't lying, that PB can 94%!!!
I feel like now that im starting to incorporate more buffered spins into my movement I could probably move on switch fairly well but literally everything else makes it unappealing so lul
maybe next run prologue bowser will be defeated
Imagine a 1/8192 chance that prologue bowser doesn't use star rod
just have power jump on before the fight 4Head
power bounce with the star charm
honestly next Paper Mario is going to be open world with nothing to do.
so there's a reason for this right
I remember the one time I streamed a gless run on this I got a 21:4x prologue with terrible movement and also this was 2021 maddi who was much worse at pape lol
I couldn't get through the audio delay, it's so fucking bad
the audio delay just fucks with me
I beat ch1 and had to stop lmao
Also, oh my gosh, are you okay? You sound like a horse kicked you in the face, and then that same horse went on to hit you in the throat with a baseball bat.
stream was chill :))) hope youre well
It's odd that I know what that sounds like.
holy fuck this is gonna be a low 10:5x goombario at worst lmfao
@VikiHexen you're telling not everyone has heard that?
oh my god that menu was so laggy
I still can't get over how good looks visually
makes me sad it sucks to play on
It's literally just what if wii u didnt have a dogshit filter and were a bit smoother
How many bits for you to mute game sound?
oh yeah with menus I can actually hear the audio delay
Just stream it on two channels. 5head One channel with audio for the capture, and one without for our sanity.
alright I should go grab something to eat, can't wait to see this prologue time when I get back
Oh. Did it eat my message?
I said "Just splice it, then you can mute the audio without worry, since it'll be invalid anyways."
But yeah. Are you good? Was it a cold/flu? Or the big C?
Koopa Bros HD Ultimate & Knuckles (REAL AF)
Glad that you're doing better. I can feel the headache from here. Secondhand headache.
wait does it say kinoko town on the japanese version of pape
this is on real hardware btw ;)
They added Mario Party 2&3 to the N64 Switch thing recently. xD
Which I guess technically we could multiplayer it.
Pretty sure 3 is on there.
Still. Mario Party 1/2 night some time?
I want a port of Mario Party DS one day
That head to head Pokemon Puzzle League though, am I right? KEKW
yo this is going to be WR pace
you're 11 seconds ahead of my pb, what a gamer
this ties my average kooper time. I'm as good as switch Pog
you wanna try my seed I did last night?
true phantom wouldn'tve won on spook
I dont know how free I'll be tomorrow lol
Is its a nasty seed? @Axl_SR
putting the seed under short speedrun KEKW
Is it short because anyone would rsge quit the seed in under an hour?
friday is better, your normal start time?
I gave to M4 too lol
yeah, I was hoping to watch the vod at work today but he never started it
I found it funny sakurai wants kid icarus on switch. I remember him saying it had such a rough dev cycle on 3DS
I also want kid icarus on switch
but if the director wants it thats gotta be worth something...
I asked the same thing axl
I tried this on my brothers switch, I quit at the toad town save block
the text to speech guy was mad about it too
this looks like a lot of fun on switch Kappa
Is glitz pit discord just challenge runs or is there an actual mod?
"why did you leave?" its for challenge runs but I'll go with I did not understand how to use it LUL
are you using the pro controller?
can this get a sub 6 epilogue?
probably a 37 chapter 1 otherwise lol
why does switch have to look so good
nice honey drop, would be useful in glundo :)
LUL there is a twitch account called Phantomsmomisveryverynice
the movement does indeed look very rough
play testers don't exist in the year 2022, didn't you know?
I wonder if this will still be playable after nso gets shutdown
so you have a japanese switch?
I literally have my Switch region set to Australia, even though I live in Canada, just so that I can play games a day early when they get released.
meanwhile you can get a better experience with a free emulator
Idk man I rather play pape on project 64 then the switch version
Project 64 would be running this on four frames per second.
that is weird since the switch does not even have no region locking
@Thiago_Rodrigues30 It kinda does though, for their bonus coins from paying money thing.
So, the eshop has those bonus coins that you can spend on games to get discounts.
Therefore you get a pseudo region lock that works as a region lock would, for benefit purposes.
also,I noticed mupen64 constantly had graphical gliches
I got 30 fps on project 64 just fine game just look like shit
PJ64 is especially bad for PM64
I was gonna say doesn't he have 10 hp
have you ever played the virtual console versions?
Interesting,you run faster,just like in 3d world
so precise tricks are even more precise?oof
Just finished violet Pok'dex minus all the version exclusives from scarlet
maybe it is just bad emulation,that would not be a new thing with this game
what does it mean to drop imputs?
what, no 101 practice before NHA?
I want to get it but I don't thank I want to pay 90 bucks for it
nah that's just a pape thing
sometimes if you hammer too fast it doesn't register as being hit but the timer from when you first hit it keeps going
I love how fast the blocks disintegrate lol
tm a 1 time use in the new pokemon game gross
I'm having problem with my internet modem net cut off as u was talking about the tera type stuff
Have there been any recent advancements in speedrunning this game on Switch?
great my net cut out again but after you was done talking about it
Internet modem just keep re booting itself getting a new 1 tomorrow
or should I say replace cuz it was new
Is this the 3:49 run? albinnKingboo
and why is that difference between n64 and switch?
strimmr is striving for the sexual archetype of "fastest mario"
what a message to see when I come back
Grinding is fun and engaging why don't you like it as much as pokemonfan58123
I easily could I just have to dump files lol
I got a ditto from one
@Monado I can never forgive you
I added this emote back just 4 u monado
I don't want your forgiveness Raven
Understandable but I also added this one for you
I really need to do rf runs
Back to grinding pokemon and wishing Rika was an actual character in the videogame
I will see her on twitter .com
Also I don't think garchomp actually learns EQ on its own in this game
And I don't want to find the tm/grind for it
Mines 73 and still using bulldoze
My dude is fucking 70+ let him have it
Well I dont currently have a real ground move soooo
I'm doing it as I go
Because I'm worried I'm gonna get some bullshit I need from it
I love getting chain encountered because I wanted to catch a dog
They are but only in like the drastically different spots
That's what makes the fucking minecraft mod so good
You explore every biome because it has drastically different shit everywhere you go
If we had an actual server for pixelmon that shit is literally perfect
Also I am now 270/400 pokemon
Why are you completing the dex?
And it's doable in these games
People keep talking about the world being cool and I'm experiencing it before I call it dogshit
But it is pretty dogshit to explore
Like it's more fun than the 3ds games and swsh so I'm not having a genuinely bad time but it just could be so much better
I'm just glad the story wasn't constant because that shit was mid
Also the PC lags when you have too many pokemon
I have to wait for icons to show up
To see what I fucking have
How do you like the design of the paradox pokemon
I am praying I find a lucario in the wild
I do not want to friendship evolve anything
The only good pokemon runs are lets go and pokepark
The best pokemon run because you get to watch all the animations :)
I want to leave my menu but I see 3 pokemon directly on me
oh I have 100000 points now
L like speedrunning Paper Mario on N64
Tonight's Pape brought to you by Phantom
eyyy how goes the switch port?
so basically, what you're saying is... WR PACE!!
Coney is doing a giveaway thing with nightbot and I got on the screen and posted el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo and got the entire chat to just be el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
I didn't win a hat though Sadge
It was a toad hat anyway so it's fine
Oh they just randomly announced kof season 2
Shingo is coming with the balance patch
Only char they showed with changes was billy kane
Maybe he'll be in the game now
It was the psychic fish thing I don't care about
oh wow, yeah that was delayed
that sounds ultra annoying, especially since audio cues are so important
I'm used to not having them and I hated playing this game without them
YOU JUST MURDERED A CHILD ASSHOLE
He could have went to college and started a family
How would you feel if I beat the shit out of your son for him to only become frozen solid in the cold SwiftRage
I'd feel worried about where/who the son came from
My son would kick your shit in idc if he's 2
my heat is off most of the time and we don't even pay for heat lol
how's the Switch run treating you
your rule says "don't be a dick" but my name is richard
ok, as long as it's not "mike who cheese harry" lll
Me and Raven are gonna watch an old children's film made by stitching together footage from a thanksgiving parade in Philadelphia
It's fun and definitely not boring
Oh god yeah that fire block will be something
was switch paper mario a mistake?
It runs too smooth for me
was that some crazy lag or my connection?
Submit it so you have a reason to rerun it
reverse all cards have no runs on switch easy world record
even more reason to not rerunning it: paying for NSO expansion pak
Would grinding Switch hurt your N64 muscle memory?
hey even it was a 10 hour run it will still be world record
10 bucks every year is too good
me n Raven are also on Bear's plan
I have siblings to provide for so I have my own plan
Bear kicked eSam off the plan to get Raven in the plan lol
just do jr skip and it will be a sub 21
quick raid someone before my internet re boot itself
slept at 6 just playing Kingdom Hearts Recoded
damn, I was just about to step out for a sex
right now the only thing im missing to beat the game is pulse stone
thinking about making Baja Blast ice cream soon
If my next pb is 12 seconds or less I will shit
I only have koopa koot checks left
but now I have to be picky with prologues ResidentSleeper had a 21:11 that run
yea I was green toad cooperating away from that being my best prologue ever; still haven't had a 21:0x yet
Will you be beating up a fur ball in a whale after getting boots?
Im honestly tempted to not rock climb early seed until I pb again because I doubt I lose any time on it across both the parakarry and bhs splits, at least compared to pb cause my early seeds have been bad lately lol
you sounds alot better, hope you're feeling better phanto274Bless
You said min boo throws, can they throw the boots a lot? Thought it was a set amount
I got really lucky though for a reason I won't spoil
Don't need star pieces for that red berry at least
I am very Sadge. I had to order a new computer today since my old one had a hardware crash and now I have to manually remove Windows 11 off it when it comes in. chrisSad
the virtual character must be pleased
I said my goodbyes to windows 8 and accepted windows 10 into my heart now
I am 0 for 2 on getting the virtual character pleased in this seed
maybe you should please him yourself
and I won't stop there either
all we need now is Goombario
I got a bootler tattoo last weekend and you guys are the only people who know who he is so I thought I'd share with you
did you have enough pieces for power rush?
my pause screen is bugged where it shows lava piranha in the background
Lol. Bigdee is it his normal Sprite or when he scares you?
for me it literally just showed a crash screen in the background of the pause menu
I wonder where it wants you to go
so chapter 1 scale lava piranha LOL
I feel like I have seen this seed before but am not sure if it's just dejavu from a different one
They both did this last night
Oh this seed. It's a fun one for both viewers and you
It's almost like you can jump and hammer off the get go
some seeds are just absolute hell
The best thing about pape seeds is that you can't predict anything in terms of how hard or trolly it will be
how do you know its guaranteed
how does she make a cake in a frying pan?
I'm sure she has other utensils as well
Glad to hear it. You still sound slightly off, but so much better than you did.
So, neat fun fact that I wish to share: I've mentioned previously that I play Yugioh Legacy of the Duelist Link Evolution. Well, I went and did the math on how many cards owned vs card total cap there is in the game. The following includes up to three copies of a card: Out of the 30,081 cards in the game (divide by three to get the unique card total), I have 24,540 of them.
I'm getting there. The slow grind is real.
The really tough part is getting all of the rares from packs.
picture doing the math for that in ral life
I've had to open like.. an extra hundred packs to get one missing card at times.
you found bombette and laki way before I did
power rush is 30 SP lol
OH first time seeing that thing
This crystal king is the best palate phanto274Hype
well this looks like a fun fight
does fire flower do more than 3 damage to it?
can you fright jar the clones to see which is real?
he activated his trap card... magical hats!
I love pink watt so much
Hammer throw actually worth the FP? phanto274Hype
good thing you came back here cause
I full cleared fortress without bombette
the only reason I didn't last location soil was bc I lzsed it
eaiest tutan koopa fight of my life
that it was that check and not the refund one
Its been like 2 months right
I just learned that final upgrade hammer can flip panels
have MOLES been part of them
I've been playign the new game a lot
as someone who doesnt play a lot of pokemon I like the new game
I like the open world stuff
a lot of open world games lately
thats fair you seem the type to be more into rpgs
oh wait, you said thats too long
that is a 6 hour game
I like RPGs that are similar to paper mario and mario & luigi
they mix out of world stuff with battles
I honestly usually am not a big fan of open world either, but I don't think I dislike them nearly as much as you do
If I like the systems in the game it isn't a deal breaker for me
I'm kinda tired of open world ar this point
Xenoblade knew what it was supposed to do
I was go mode in toybox and never found that lol
thats the same reason I liked dragon quest builder
only a few open world games I like
I like both linear and open world games
as long as they dont feel too slow I'm fine with a game
open world games dont feel slow to me because I make them slow on purpose
I never did korok seeds in botw
sonic frontiers has that same issue
my ass did the 4 things and beat up Ganon
I did do every shrine in botw though
but that was because I like the shrines
no it's 999 gimmie ghoul coins to evolve gimmie ghoul
@lockusp gimmighoul evo isnt even that good I just got a mismagius
Is it bad I haven't play botw? I do have it
hot take, I never finished BOTW, I just couldnt focus on all of the things
should I get botw for the switch again
I tried and failed to finish botw like 3 times and then I just decided to finish it during quarantine
the end goal is still the same
just do 4 areas and beat ganon
I hope tears of the kingdom is good
yeah but every time I see a thing I can do I have the need to do it
does it have any random encounters?
I have had encounters where the pokemon is like 4 mm tall and I walk into it because I didnt see it
or you in a battle or catching and one just appearing on you right after
my friends shit on me because I like this song
Im not a fan of pokemon spawning, if pokemon company can get their shit together then maybe
the looked better to look it without it
pokemon spawning is only nice for shiny hunting
Im fine with the bugs for the most part
raid look like they take so long
I like the BLJ you can do with your motorcycle
yeah the pokemon will die and itll take like 30 secs for it to sync
more important question which starter did you choose
pokemon was always a 40 dollar game
I like the circus performer look of the final evo
I can see why people dont like sprig and quaxly though
who needs a new pokemon game when you can crystal rando
see I never really played a pokemon game through fully besides sun and moon a long time ago
I am the most angry about gligar not being in paldea
dont people complain about dmax all the time though
They had to nerf it. it was too strong
I hear that the greavard evo has a 300 power move
what's the point of 6v6 in the game then :)
WE literally have Gale of Darkness
bn collection will have Denuvo Anti-Tamper DRM at launch for steam lol
I like terastalization as a mechanic
then we go to do this 6v6 shit
but we have pokemon showdown for that dont we
good thing I dont want to play comp
wasnt there a game that lasted like 1000 turns
I looked it up yeah it was singles
Okay I'm being a double person ._.
I signed up for a smash tournament where you can only play ridley
I didnt want to be left out
he found the 2 mushrooms you threw away
I cleared 2 before bombette so I had 3 visits
where was watt? I think im confusing this with another seed.
okay then, the seed I did after this she was in gulch
what type of seed was this?
Ive never noticed anyone else do that
Good morning phantom and chat :D
One of your older videos was playing when I woke up and holy moly, your hair grows fast lol
It was from like 3 or 4 months ago lol
I see you found our lord and savior, Goombario
I've been working graveyard shift for 7 years and I still have trouble deciding on what kind of food to eat when I wake up at 4-6pm. Lol
at least it was good at some point
I'm now debating if I want to go play poker at the card room or stay home and be lazy
yooo 420 hours of total playtime
I cant remember if I skipped the ch 5 blooper
why does it say you can't beat ch3?
he doesnt have the spirits highlight cause it slows the tracker down
sounds to me like it's going great
diamond behind ultra boots was ass
Wow that was a lucky fight
I noticed phase 1 you were doing 7 but phase 2 you were doing 9
yeah, I was asking about that
what are you playing today, extreme? any trees or hidden today?
I just killed a shiny sableye keizaThump
how could it get any better
ok yeah that sounds a bit better
ball just to not die keizaCoward
shocker that I'd be here for a crystal rando
how appropriate we run the Turkey
your ho-oh needs to learn aeroblast
most epic crossover of 2000 right there
I thought you made it to the top?
oh, falling down the hole to the 5th floor?
there's only one trainer if you go the other way
If you go around him, it's only one trainer
we're talking about the 1 item and 1 hidden on 5F on the left?
you can either fight the guy on 5F or fight the guy on the left of 4F to get there
yeah, makes sense. you probably have to go back later when you get secretpotion
that's what I usually like to do with early squirtbottle
ball maker gives ball. makes sense
I just took a math class and got fooled by a trick question
the teacher asked how many pokeballs you would get if you spent P2000
The premier ball isn't implemented in every game
without hidden, rock smash is 4 checks, I think
In let's go the pokeballs are half price
level should be fine for whitney
hedge maze without fly feels so bad
I agree. hideout feels like a lot of checks
one is fast, one is a check keizaShrug
It's on your way to buying repel keizaSmug
ok good my favorite pokemon is in this
now he has a physical move
computer exploded. I miss anything hilarious?
I don't remember Slowpoke well music being a bop
you can go catch know now pog
I found where everyone was getting their legendaries
I usually fight him right away because he blocks a hidden item
oh that's not too bad then
One of my homies is getting me a quaxly
I'll get it to fuck ditto on the picnic table for you
Today was the first day I've woken up and my nose was normal I can actually fucking breathe
My cough has felt the same for the whole week
If you're familiar with the trainers this way, it should be faster
I am 20 pokemon from finishing my dex
how are you finishing the Pok'dex so fast?
And also multiplayer lets you catch exclusives without trading
So I've just been playing with phantom
helps search for things way faster
Also Phantom got the cat from wonder trade and made it fuck on the picnic table so I got that easily
I'm just going ask someone to trade me all their Pok'mon and I'll trade it back jomemxGOD
Wild Entei abound? New Bark Town must stay warm af around winter
@Ohrocks Why do you have an emote for everything
speaking of useful I hope I am this time
Phantom5800: this youngster needs to die
Ohrocks do you want a shiny clodsire
literally should've been Quagsire vanilla colors
The wooper was like kind of blueish
It's actually not that much different from og clodsire lol
Oh I guess he's not that pink it was just the lighting I was in
sadly it falls in the "there's hardly a difference in color" shiny
Most of the new pokemon seem to be like that
I like my hot pink honchcrow
lechonk shiny is just actually a pig
These bitches selling lemonade and luxury balls gimme my damn evo items
you haven't gone to the delibird shop?
I need metal coats and a teapot
they said only postgame or auction
Ok there's no teapot here but there's a goddamn metal coat
teapots are auction only for the most parts from what I looked up
where the pokemon violet scarlet gameplay at.. gotta play the new hotness
But the basic qol they removed aggravates me so much
doesn't  harcross learn megahorn at lvl 50 something
Menu options being removed is also annoying
Who wanna take me on a picnic Flushed
@RuneRavenFP no pets on the blanket. I wanna enjoy my food
who the fuck inviting you to a picnic
hey phantom have you considered using a repel :)
I heard about this bike shop in goldenrod maybe you could get one there
I'll be honest, I know nothing about pokemon nor about pokemon rando but seems like its going super "fun"
^but you probably knew that part
I mean heracross is a good pokemon this gen he just doesn't have moves in vanilla
I gave the friend helping me the shiny clodsire for the duck
Time to make this slaking fuck
slaking looks so fucking bad in a picnic
He keeps going from laying down to walking everytime he jitters at all
And it looks horrible as he slides around
They're sleeping together on a rock can this ditto start fucking already
What if we cleared our throats together Flushed
I just wanna set them in the fuck building and leave and do something else
I dont wanna have to watch them do it to get my egg
I went to tubbas missing a tubba key, I gave up and it was in the badge shop axlsrWut
I'd like this ditto to use its pp at all
Also I got stuck and have to pack up the picnic time to do this again
alright I'm back, how's this seed goin?
or do you both have it
yeah if you have a good main for the first fights it's not bad
Welp if you're racing I have to keep my trap shut
Fly was on Alph Flash, and Zephyr was in lighthouse. Then Storm was on squirtbottle, but plain was on Morty so I was all over the place trying to assemble fly
Yeah I had Fly on the last Nugget fight, that was pretty annoying
I wish we could get an eta on the new speedchoice
ah I've never done a Bingo, they're fun to watch
I'm surprised you didn't do the other thing kraftSIP
also who are you playing with LUL
Have you ever done a co-op run. Those are pretty fun too
It's interesting how much it changes routing depending on how much time you can save your partner
It's not looking too good feeshiKEKW
In terms of routing it was still probably good to clear it when you did anyway
I really need to randomize leftovers
what pokemon does that evolve into
the last rocket not the one you're fighting
I didn't pay attention to the party
also what do u have against people named richard?
u said in ur rules don't be a dick
It happens to be my middle name, should I leave?
It's the local 9 year old legendary spammer
Weavile bouta take out all the optionals
A vaporeon is decent tho tbh, with surf
how do you like it? and yes I have phanto274Mash
But the good things are fun and cool
I agree, hopefully a patch will come soonish
I'd be SHOCKED if gamefreak did anything about it
apparently, Nintendo's offering refunds for Violet and Scarlet
phantom I got a fucking cracked pot
D A N G E R
odd egg is either 0's or 2/10/10/10
It would never start like 15 minutes late right :)
I want to see a hammer bowser fight today
I expect to see a lot of volt shrooms Kappa
mega smash is gonna be power smash cost
just set you clock back and they'll be starting early
thank you for the announcement, I hope to see you in my dms soon
the whole thing just has me so stunlocked
gl on the race today :D
I'm no longer taking the blame for this btw, lol. the xp cap is gone from progressive
ch7 scale ch4 is the worst
don't forget about slowgo being here Kappa
@Starry_Arie nice you got it right Kappa
I am doing fantastic, I hope you're doing lovely
no ha ha don't suspend me, I totally want to in class learning
I was always a good noodle
I did schoolwork. I didn't do homework.
our school was always about no homework policy LUL
I know about the summon backup but I had no idea he can dizzy you
the boss sucks ass on scale to 7
I aspire to be rip cheato
did he just eat a raw egg? gross mario
I am very concerned about you being attc
There are some jokes I could make about him that borderline TOS LUL
@cpunkc Goombario is a master seducer that always finds a way into Mario's pocket and party which is unnerving a lot of the times when he forces himself upon us.
@Trevbonk hes just desperate at this point
where was super hammer? I looked away
Is there a relation between goombario and goomba king
Those goombas.... what flavor are they?
every goomba tastes like lemon lime
Mailbag fanfare can only mean one thing'. We are going on a mail run LUL
Slow go for 4 is a deal
Kooper be kickstarting your 4 piece slow go grab this run Kappa
This seed has you going everywhere chrisPanic
Blue key when you get it is always a reason to rush 7 Kappa
guess your going to the ruins lmao
Its telling you to go everywhere and nowhere at the same time
For a race, it's a detriment to have access to everywhere without being "Go Mode" LUL
A paradox of a seed telling you everything is open but nothing specific? Goombario must be behind it all when he shows up chrisSad
Goombario is punishing you for leaving him behind all this time Kappa
I made the best player in the state start hate posting about jacko
I am so incredibly proud of myself
welp now we need tubba key
Leave him there he is a treasure
Seems the seed Axl gave you for triple dip ruins made you come here this time
Parakarry was locked underground. Tutankoopa must have deemed him too powerful. Kappa
Only Goombario knows how powerful the party is what weakness there are Kappa
The last Pape Races restream was brutal. Practically everyone died in Ch 5 Scaled Toy Box
I've started calling those too, but I'm sitting out next week's race. Did the last two in a row
Speaking of over scaled Toy Box WutFace
@Phantom5800 What Ch. is the worse when scaled to 7?
I always forget about What but everytime I see it I love it
I think the least bad is 3 cause no fights before bosses
1 is a close second if you skip the Pit
watt are you doing here watt? phanto274Jam
All we need is one more partner. Kappa
Reading this seed very well so far finding what you want
As long as we don't find Goombario the forbidden one everything is all good
Oh, they switched to Full Gear Shuffle for weeklies?
Jumpless Hammerless Rando Races when Kappa
Those races would take FOREVER. LUL
when was the last regular jumpless hammerless
Oh, so even though the settings aren't on, could Koot items still show up?
Can you beat PAPER MARIO without JUMPING and HAMMER? (gone wrong)
Bummer. Means I wouldn't get to enjoy some funny commentary regarding "tHe tApE"
I'm gonna come back to your house just to finish a damn rando seed this time
Legend has it no one knows what was on that tape, but Goompa says it was "good"
It had hot goombitches on it
@scrambleddragons and it changed Goombario into a master seducer forever Kappa
I'm calling that one Windy Spinys until further notice
B L OO P E R
@RuneRavenFP Makes you wonder why Koopa Koot had it. Kappa
@ScrambledDragons We don't judge what he's into
@Trevbonk That's probably why he's so knowledgeable on his enemies. The Tape gave him clarity
@scrambleddragons The tape taught him how to seduce his way into Mario's pocket
Good grief, you got the Greenouse Beach. 2 Flowers, a Leaf and a Herb, AND a seed
I have updated the pokemon tier list
They'd better make that joke in the Mario Movie
I saw you goin fucking ham in kizzie's chat corsay
why is he making the robot say his name
I need this bot to STOP
Yeah I definitely went ham lol
Oh I don't think I've talked to you since the namechange corsay lol
Healthy juice in the attic? WutFace
I mostly been going to Card game locals and works been busy so I haven't been keeping up with too much stuff online
Yu gi oh tourneys and weirdly enough Weiss Schwarz tourneys lol
@Corsay6 what deck do you play?
Oh Weiss Schwarz is a very anime card game lol
I just looked it up and yes, very anime
@blacktiger51 I don't really have a main deck because I kinda switch decks here and there but for the current format I have been running Ishzu Tear and Floowander and for Jank Format I have been playing Pure Plunder Patrol or Numerons with the goal of getting the instant win condition lol
Black Cinnamon Tea w/ vanilla extract and a bit of milk and honey has proven to be a hit
The evils of Goombario never cease to make me have nightmares LUL
I see you found Goombario Kappa
A noble sacrifice of time was necessary to save the Yoshis
Goombario finished violating the Yoshi's boundaries and then moved to Mario's
Not good? This is amazing you just got your first spirit Kappa
Toy Train would be a huge play
If anything saving the yoshis is a mistake because of Goombario
Fine by me, I'm about to order and go grab dinner
All of sudden this boss isn't so scary anymore. Kappa
It's like we're in "Go Mode" but not really?
Those love taps hit hard LUL
Whenever Goombario is found seeds are always cursed chrisSad
One response should have been 'one word' Goombario' LUL
Melody into scarf is something LUL
The diva had the scarf the whole time
nice I have 66.6 k channel points
We have a new king of Christmas
That's the thing tho. You're so close to Go Mode
another one of 'em should wore black
It's time to be blessed by the Paper Mario RNG
Diamond in the sky is just evil
Such is the curse of Goombario's evil powers
Or as Mario would put it, "Letsa Go Mode"
How do you know exactly where to go without the pulse stone? Kappa
I think you used it on Parakarry. LUL
This color for Tutankoopa is great
Ooo, I like that color for Peach
rigby tell phantom about that bowser fight u did
I used chill out on final
I had no badges so I was omega weak
only one repel and life shroom too
I go moded without doing toy box and ice palace
also I lost my life shroom and missed wave with watt. so I was at 10 hp to bowser 1, he didn't heal
Gonna be a long few days
Well you've got some attempts ahead of you for sub7
I literally died in chapter 8 and still finished under that lol
yea well that shit is hard
and I cant wait to reroute it
and make it just the gless fight lol
Pratt still hasn't won me over
the only reason the fight is the way it is is to conserve a repel gel to sell but we absolutely dont need to
well sure, weve only heard 2 lines
and the gless fight is probably also faster
Peach's va at least hit different tones
thus far, Chris sounds the same, regardless of context
Did we get a fan service 'let's a go'? Or will they obi-wan series it and leave it for the very end of it?
Well now I have to check the trailer out
@know15 it was the flatest "wahoo" I've ever heard from Mario
not interested in trailers, I'll catch the movie on netflix whenever that happens LUL
he said "let's a go" under his breath before getting bodied by DK
Peach having a peach gives Mario reason for trying to save her all these times imo
does it even make sense for DK to talk?
I accidentally ran into a trainer with a much stronger than I copperajah and now I am surviving with paraflinch hax
content to consume while at work pepeComfy
Its funny to me that pokemon doesnt have voice acting despite the series having voice actors for their own anime lol
omg I just saw DK on my timeline. WTF did they do to my boy!
lmao, the pocket in the middle of marios overalls looks like a baby bib
so you can look down on her Kappa
I just saw a grid of all the new pokemon, are there mecha pokemon now?
I love me some basement wifi
I guess ultra beasts werent enough for them
I need to confess. I have cheated all my runs on the leaderboard. Some parts were spliced, others TASed. Worse, I modded the game beyond recognition. I removed multibounce so I could get first try speedy. I increased the LZS window to 69 years because I couldn't get it right. I put cocaine on the street lamp to attract the green toad. I removed chapter 6. Most egregiously, I even made Bowser behave. I'm such a fake that I even faked submitting the runs. I'm sorry for the damage I've done.
I'll take any pie jumps over the walk of shame
Its a Wonderful Day For Pie
cause you mentioned pie jumps... I'll see myself out
I just usually dont do them because there's just so much more timesave I could be focused on
nothing matters til door 1 :)
yea it's not super foreign since beginner all cards does it too but it is pretty easy to forget
Hey Phantom! How's the seed so far? phanto274BLANKIES
honestly I just prefer to get it > get letter 2 > go straight to letter 3 room
I dont think any which way is really slower
lol I didn't see it was a run, my bad .. good luck either way phanto274Lurk
hopefully, no rando every gets this long
You didn't see my first rando
ok I am burping and it smells like fruit cake mtn dew and it is making me gag this is a whole new level of being disgusted in a soda
I had to get it once for the novelty but damn I didnt expect it to be that bad lmao
@maddi_sr what soda are you drinking?
It is fruitcake flavored mountain dew and it is actually one of the worst things i've ever had
Today, I heard Chris Pratt's Mario voice again and all of a sudden Smash World Tour was cancelled
I thought it just tasted like red gummy candy
I wish it did for me because then i'd maybe like it lol
this category does such weird things lol
getting the sign mushroom is a sin
also getting the mushroom after playground
because I wanna hold b after the fire flower so bad lmao
Bandits are the worst enemy next to goombario
okay but what if you're not next to goonbario
to think the original route is somehow so much weirder
at least that first strike is free lol
honestly im tempted to do it in gless and buy 2 tbolts, then just bomb / tbolt on the middle pokey
oh yeah I was fucking with ruins jump and got angle values for it but I forgot to write them down
my new stick has it notched but I'm more comfy remapping still holding out of notch lmfao
but I probably wont fuck with it again until I put my brewbowl in
Are sticker star and color splash worth a buy?
throw it at a chomp for fun
Is this a drug-related question rubix
I swear I took my meds today but it feels like I didn't
jesus my pb is bad lma
you are 6 minutes ahead of me, granted I had 2 quizmos here
my pb looks tan colored and in a jar
which tbf it was a marathon where I could not reset and my early game had multiple explosions
It started at a reasonable time but then it being 7+ hours stretched into degen hours lol
but yea I definitely need to revisit this category eventually
hey I might be awake in time for that
At least you don't have to bombette it
At least you don't have to LZS it
- Check: Spicy Soup (Down 1), Spaghetti (Down 1), Fried Egg (Down 1), Honey Syrup (Up 1), Ultra Shroom (Up 1), Honey Syrup (Up 1) - Sell everything else
uh oh we're getting into funny territory
2 refreshes is whatever, 3+ is just bruh
yea we thankfully get a billion all or nothing chances lol
I split on enter forest but looked back, you had a 12 flat
my gold is a 10:36 lmao
yeah that adds up to about a minute and a half so lol
because I had disgustingly good rng in pb and got both first try
which is the main reason outside of the length of the category why i've been hesitant to run it back
have to go up against godly quizmo and rowf rng
just get the godly rng again :)
oh and I got the god lp fight too
what did stanley do to you rigby
be in my way, dude making me waste a minute just to watch him get eaten
What is the extra 1% from?
So bosses count as a %age. I never knew
Does The Master count in Glundo Runs?
101% is from the secret Goombario fight then Kappa
yea so kent c koopa, buzzar, and the anti-guy unit all don't give you any sort of progression, but all the other bosses do so those few don't count as part of what we define as 100% (the chalkboard in mario's house)
so for 101% we just do those extra boss fights
and that's why fp plus is goated
yea just walk in, hug the bottom, walk up and hit it
hmmmm....would anyone be willing to send me a glundo route. for no particular reason :)
omg your enter toybox split is 18 minutes faster than mine, wr pace :)
gotta tell me how you get all those quizmos so fast :)
jump x2 is good as long as you get a 4 bounce
which is what I usually do, just drop at 4 intentionally lol
Is there an FAQ for this?
It's basically just everything from the story, all badges and all star pieces right?
yup- all badges, star pieces, tayce t recipes, upgrades, and completing the story glitchless
I really do enjoy long speedruns like these.
this fucking guy and his stupid hat with his stupid face and his stupid sexy co-host
this fucking guy and his stupid hat with his stupid face and his stupid sexy co-host
this fucking guy and his stupid hat with his stupid face and his stupid sexy co-host
this fucking guy and his stupid hat with his stupid face and his stupid sexy co-host
this fucking guy and his stupid hat with his stupid face and his stupid sexy co-host
do a counter for how many times you miss the jump between the two pipes
me and m4 would just read the questions out loud in english and laugh at the funny wrong answers
I imagine I will be free then
Do you just have them memorized or can you read Japanese?
I taught phantom everything he knows about reading Japanese
merlee is NOT the triangle stone bot
alright pace pals, let's pack up
on to the next one! pacepals, rollllllll out
Is he going insane he humming the Koopa village theme
oh god if humming themes while playing this game makes you insane then i'm quite the shitshow
Followed for Paper Mario speedruns, woot
yea 20 isn't bad at all here
what does humming the themes while not played the game make me?
really anything ~2:2x enter toybox if you get them all is pretty solid
Paper Mario fan excited to play the game for the first time
2:1x is doable but you have to have been playing like a god and also get solid rng which is- yeah
I know splits don't matter here. but seeing constant red ticking up is inducing a primal rage within me
I 100%d casually for some reason
my first glundo run was my first time 100% the game
I did my first play through since I like 100%ing games
I 100% casually from time to time
I did all Quizmo casually. I 100%ed the game, even saved the 1-damage-point pebble for the end and timed it to kill final boss with it. Streamed it for my best friend, too
I didn't even realize there was more than 2 or 3 or 1 per town questions
I beat DK64 with 101% I wasted enough of my life
the greatest fight of all time
I like to 100% games unless they are stressful action games in which I can't cheese harder accomplishments somehow
god I forgot how slow this chapter is outside of rando
true, but casually you do still have to go back and forth like this with turning in the pan, getting the cake, getting the note, turning in the note, etc
yeah the note is completely useless lol
@thetunnelingcat People hate on Ch. 6 for this reason. But Ch. 4 is even worse. LUL
honestly I kinda hope that rando finds a way to actually randomize the pattern to make the note actually needed
Can you get peril from fire guy?
yea if getting your coins weren't an issue it'd be closer but just getting peril off lantern ghost is better
and he won't even get screentime in the dark
ah since you didnt save between, okay that makes sense
was thinking theres no way that you can mess up lantern ghost and lose 7 minutes, but if you die here and went back that would make sense
he had something important to say but your stomp made him forget it
Ok I'm sure you've been asked this
I think the only thing I don't like about it so far is chris pratt
yea it was by all means not bad
A few watching to get behind
yeah peach looks a little unusual but I can adjust
I hope the mario kart track becomes part of the MK8 DLC
BUT IT'S DIFFERENT RAIN BOWS ROAD  POGGIES
It's like not in space kinda
a cooking mini game. I like it
phantom can you count to 30?
bro Gino in Mario Movie?  lol
hop out the castle back into toad town
get peach out of bounds so she can save herself
this shy guy reminds me of the boss from Luigis Mansion
you could practice the chauncey one cycle a lot
all I can think of hearing that name now is Chauncey One-Cycle Kill
so is the difference between 100 and 101 just buzzar, kent, and anti guy?
man I replaced my broken copy of brawl with the game rental store's copy, I specifically didnt go with my mom that day hehehe
my mom use to rent games when we went out of town using a prepaid visa then just never return them
I never realized luigi had an item
thats how we got a bunch of our gamecube games, and some n64 games
cake time with shyguy will resume after these messages.
That's all my twitter is rn
According to the doc the rest of panda had no clue it was happening and NoA was very cool with SWT but other TO's vouched for things gimr said so idk
I'm waiting for alan to say anything
Just look up smash world tour on twitter and you'll find it
But yea even the doc specified that NoA and the rest of panda are chill
And fuck nintendo is a # again
Wait you can fight things? I thought this was a quiz game
thank you for the homie stock parakarry
but this isn't all bosses though
wacka shouldve been a secret boss fight
this game is actually just cooking and trivia
but the trivia isn't about cooking
oh violence, thank you for letting me know, never want to miss the good part
violence is never the answer. it is a question and the answer is always yes
yea it's probably worth doing, i'll look into it
I'll eventually make glundo """practice""" saves
just to make changes like this easier
Is there anything particularity expensive you have to buy?
It is but I give a fuck about accurate coin counts and badge menuing instructions so lol
we're probably gonna change this to just spooking them
It's only slightly harder than the shy guy one
Idk for sure but it's best saved for a full-fledged reroute anyway
oop yea if you don't like fuzzies than the plants will suck
maybe it won't come to it tho but spook is fast which is cringe
where the super mario trailer at what u think of it
yeah it's awkward as hell without jump badges
If only we had something resembling inventory space
parakarry, the swap matters because you dont have to wait on bombette to get on the pully
yea bow is the other volcano upgrade
Hi. I want to offer promotion of your channel, viewers, followers, views, chat bots. The price is lower than any competitor, the quality is guaranteed to be the best. Auto-on. Incredibly flexible and convenient order management panel, everything is in your hands, turn it on/off/customize. Go to dogehype dot com
starts at 7 in the first phase and 9 the 2nd
I did extra bounces for memes in my run and got a 10 lmfao
Hi. I want to offer a scam disguised as promotion of your channel, viewers, followers, views, spam bots. The price is higher than any competitor, the quality is guaranteed to be absolute dogshit. Unstable and can't be turned off. Go to freevirusdownloads dot gov
the wanna become famous fellow bots?
If it aint mount viewers I aint interested
the wall of text is a bit much
like, I cut out at least a third of the message and it's still that long
phantom why doesn't bidoof learn a status move
they had to nerf it somehow
I want my pre patch bidoof back
I've been trying to kill an eevee for 20 minutes
need help? always wanted to be an accessory
for legal reasons, this is a joke
go away secret government agent you're not gonna catch me this time
okay now that there's no secret government agents in chat
wanna mount viewers? mount followers, subs, and bots at mountviewers dot gov
I'm a secret government agent and you Rubixninja3i4 are under arrest
I told you 2 leave tho
and I looked cool doing it B)
and so did-- not me certainly
okay fine take me away. but I'm still not giving back Stanley
I'll get his location out of you eventually
oh the irony of that statement
oh right you can't incarcerate me because Stanley did nothing wrong
you should mention the super blooper fight so we can reroute it
B2b glundo also just sounds bad
have you considered gourmet guy being useful?
also are upgrades in random spots?
we got the FF8 enemy scaling?
Ch7 goomba king and lantern guy let's goo
unsubbing from the YouTube, you'll recover from that loss. phanto274Smile
Have we found the demonic conjurer Goombario yet?
watched your race vod, saw alot of mistakes I made
It's like Pok'mon Scarlet and Violet except functionable
why do people not like paper mario
People hate Goombario and not paper Mario because they sound similar
Goombario truly is a evil mastermind LUL
I played online for an hour for strive
4 ragequits and nobody played 2 sets
Not another required ruins dip seed LUL
This is giving me flashbacks to the weekly with parakarry being in here phanto274Rage
This is just a flashback to Sunday LUL
Also my throat got worse today but it's gotten better throughout the day
But if I get fully sick again I'm gonna cry
And now I'm getting something else
@runeravenfp Hopefully you don't have Covid because that's how I started out
If it gets worse tomorrow I'll test
I'm hoping it's just something with the massive temp drop we just had
Yeah I did the nasal test but was negative but the throat swab was positive when I had Covid 3 weeks ago
Started in my throat and worked it's way from there
Nukiedog will soon be doing every 100% run for 3dzelda's without a sleep break
Idk how she's gonna survive I would fucking die
Toy box is always stacked just ask Axl every time LUL
She has a top botw time at least so that removes a large chunk
How is picking up the scarf for them to scale up even possible? LUL
served myself Baja Blast ice cream for the run
Sounds like you can go do goomba king
Could his be a rare seed where Weight is useless?
all or nothing should be renamed to Pog or Sadge
Jade Raven and/or Sushie in Prologue YEP
You really don't have to do that, Kris, but thank you. <3
I think it's entirely from Kris. KEKW
@vikihexen wait. what did I do? xD I was eating and not paying attention.
y'know, at least this isn't on switch
What do you do for work, Kris? If you don't mind my asking.
construction. and it was negative 10 with the wind today. ugh.
Construction workers are a different breed of human. Props to you.
my question is, are the lakitu clouds sentient and have their own will, or do they move with their user?
Mario can control a Lakitu cloud so more likely the latter
If they are sentient they can't do anything with it
okay. done eating. how Is everyone? I feel like I haven't caught a stream in a while.
I'm good @garioairio thanks for asking. (:
Surely it's better than D-Down Jump at least...
Beat this chapter? To death? Yes officer, that's the guy over there.
cannon #3 is too shy to be on camera
Don't laugh at my stupid jokes. xD
I legit had no idea that they had "Mario is almost dead" text.
paper mario rando: some thinking required
I wish you were more willing to pick up the best partner
A job well done observing the Goom in his natural environment and surroundings in the world
Have you explored the parts of ch3 you can get to?
so picking him up is slightly bad
Never seen BP this bad with race settings
Really unlucky BP this seed then
hey phantom! How's the rando going?
I got a shiny frostlass today so it was fun
this is what one might call 'the seed of all time'
Ah. It's one of those runs.
am I seeing this right hammer throw
and Watt is using Power Jump
This is clearly a plando designed by me. KEKW
tutankoopa got a crit on that magic
let me guess sushie will be in palace
sushie will be in the ice
Time to beat 5 and then most of 7 YEP
You have the vase and can beat the chapter, might as well
they announced season 1 ranked for pokemon sv. so now I gotta prepare
I mean the only I disliked out of the paradox competitively is Iron Bundle
In terms of base stats, they're tied with the Ultra Beasts, haven't looked too much into competitive gen 9 yet though
Imo they have a better stat spread
we don't talk about Iron Thorns
water ice was always good to me. Add in Freeze Dry and speed is :)
I wish the copypasta didn't exist
I never knew the copypasta existed
Palafin doesn't have a time in doubles really
It functions too well in singles
But yall didn't even let the meta develop
Listen I'm just glad my son Breloom is back
how hard to learn are the skips you usually use in PM64 rando? I haven't learned any yet
yeah all the race tricks are basically doable by eye
bean, can, palace key, weight, toy train, 1 tubba key
every fight about to be ch 7 after this :)
Idk why I was thinking you needed weight to reach the top room
oml those do so much damage
yeah, cat, that's like the opposite of how weight works
are you ready for Huff rofl
I'm too scared to ask what you assumed so I'm just... not
Can't wait to see where Weight is YEP
Weight will be ultra boots locked
I literally looked away and he had Ultra boots
oh you did it back to back rofl
Is it worth it to get blue key?
oh - sry, I thought everything was 7
I think that's the first time i've ever seen a useful item in the pillars with the walls
Always funny to see it locked behind Boots
Something I'm a little curious about on these Duplighost puzzles: is it ever faster to just fight them if they're low-scaled?
he'll probably got for the heal
Idk how I feel about this its not bad but not good
I like the hard fight strategy
anytime I had to do ch 4 7 at low level makes me sad
Biggest potential problem with fights then becomes stuff scaling too quickly (you find a bunch of progression before power) or early Sewer fights
I don't think I rolled a high ch 5 yet
but I'm kinda dreading it someday
Progressive should at least not immediately kill runs
you skip it to keep your level low
you make it sound p cool :)
It does now that they fixed it YEP
Ah yes, I would like to receive 5 XP for beating a 7-scaled boss YEP
how did the clouds attack 2x so fast? is the timing always random?
I remember seeing someone die to it before
Togekiss = same base speed as Magikarp YEP
Seeing people try that anime selfie filter and it only produces a white anime character no matter your skin tone LOL
"Why is there an interview process to do the e4 I keep failing" - dakpo
I was watching a Yuri player in kof earlier today and she shits damage for no reason
The 1 bar combo did fuckin 45%
Ok I have been pinged in the fgc server gonna lurk and jacko some people
I begrudgingly started working on glundo saves :)
I'd guess somewhere in the 9-10 hour margin
Yea I'm def sick again but it's not the same thing
also of note the route did in fact have you swap to bow to fan smack and do nothing for the super blooper partner turns but I adjusted it
I woke up choking on mucus it wasn't very fun
so now it's belly flop > untimed belly flop > swap to laki
It's an exact kill which is nice
yeah that's the main reason im doing this, to make sure things are right in the route and to make adjustments accordingly
I was fine for 2 whole days
but yeah i'll remind you once you're close to super blooper, i'd imagine i'll still be here unless something comes up
nothing matters for the first 6 hours :)
well except not dying, that matters
god that section of the run is misery
this category would be so much more fun without pre-chapter 4 and chapter 4 itself
yea if I have more than 2 things to do in a room if I am not nose-deep in the route I WILL forget lol
and sometimes even less than that, like i've forgotten hp plus after fuzzys and the egg in mt rugged before lol
every glundo run i've finished has had some sort of disaster
yea strange leaves are easy to forget
In pb I got encountered a billion times in desert and had to sell the life shroom I picked up to be on track coin-wise and it threw the entire run off so hard
bandits are ruthless and I hate them
hopefully you wont miss a star piece like last time
but at least we have the tech now for the coin block room
I have it routed so that we get the coins in our first trip now since we go into oasis anyway so it's faster, and that way we can buy d-down pound or sleep stomp early which makes the rowf checks less bad
damn I'm gonna miss the end of the run callisto protocol come out in 5 hours
pretty sure I wrote the instructions from the description of nater's video in the route so I can just copy-paste those later
yea ever since I learned it I always go there for rando for coins and since I have super blocks shuffled on usually as well
It hurts to see Goombario in this way as the game intended for him to be there phanto274Cry
If there was a mod and way to make all item sprites look like Goombario I would do it as a terrible April Fools Seed LUL
did you get a koopa leaf
I've forgotten it before too, except for me I didnt realize until I was already baking the nutty cake :)
glundredone run? And I'm actually WFH today? wowzers.
good ol' firebar, always lookin out for homies
I just hear the TF2 Engineer "Nope" whenever I don't get what I want
dont blame you in the slightest, i'd have likely done the same
yea koopa leaf is whatever you go back to koopa village enough and even detouring post chapter 1 isn't that bad, but that refund backtrack is probably worse than the walk of shame lol
I feel that. And I speedrun games that only take about 2 hours
s/v version 1.1 is now available for download yippee
at least they acknowledged... something... 2 weeks later...
I just learned about the Tera raid farming; wonder if that was patched out
I'm not going to update my game and make people update backwards so I can keep my buggy game.
Scarlet and Violet's bugs still arent fixed. the update today was only for charizrd
I was sent a note they fixed the e4 music
but they mentioned in the patch notes that they understand that the game is unfinished
Too bad I can never go back and do the e4 again
They made a banger and refused to let me hear it
no one should able to hear good music
VGC rules released and no paradox pokemon :(
Jr. Troopa theme go hard tho!
Also, that's why I always go with my faves
flower trick is a move of all time
I don't think palafin's going to be insane in a vgc format
they really channeled their inner let's go partner moves
whats the ban list looking like right now?
You see it come in and you just know it's swapping
he looks cool and dies in style
Torkoal is always nice to have
Is zard legal after this event?
That menu looked unholy I can't blame you
It was the fourth weenies' fault
It's gonna be a weird season
People def gonna have to get creative
I thought there was a pretty good ice type meta
Tides is actually a cool run
@Ohrocks you have to do that now
Tides isn't very expensive and everyone has a wii :)
probably have it on my Wii
the Wii is almost easy to hack just like the 3DS
The wii is so absurdly easy to hack at this point
Better get that slaking ice punch for the dragons you'll only see
oh right, and I even used Grafaiai in my playthrough
what format we talking about? VGC
I promised myself 10 years ago I'd get into VGC. one day I do it
I mean I'm getting into Vgc this time arouns
Singles is hot ass right now
ain't no one want to face Stall
well stall did get a large nerf this gen
who liked that team set ._.
I lack the patience for 10 turns +
the scald nerf was the biggest thing
didn't play much swsh, and didn't have dlc
It was originally then dlc added
Imagine if we had Tapu again
tragic we can't beat prologue Bowser
this is the run for sure
The rougelike mode is the best thing they've ever added to arknights
Until my run dies at least but my run rn is real good
not sure what glitchless 101% means, but GL!!
make it rain really should be -2
Is Make it Rain a spread move?
I haven't acquired a Gholdengo for myself yet
Just rolled a 6 star that wasn't even on the banner fml
EVERY set at lmbm will be bo5
It's 3 but I doubt singles starts on friday
It's a Max tournament phantom why would you expect it to run well
even something like top 64 being bo5 makes tournaments take so much longer
If you want more bo5 top 64 is where you start cause that's when actual players start playing eachother
I don't need to 9 stock my r1
You can now pay for a dic pic on nso
They added grusha and 2 of the principle
I like Rika a little bit
Pilk is now officially endorsed by pepsi
but NOT in my mf pep
Nothing is holiday about Pepsi or Milk
Phantom we're just becoming ghosts like you
I've been labbing a Terry ToD that's been killing my hands
I need to dp power geyser 5 times
The one that starts the loop sucks because it's out of power tackle
So it's half circle into it
Ive got a tiny orange baby full of bees on my lap
I know it may be a dumb question but isnt it super hard playing in japanese for 7 hours?
Do you have notes or is it all muscle memory and well memory?
I get to learn MM on a different controller since my main one sucks now so that's cool
I have an inconsistent down left notch and my shield trigger randomly doesn't input
that controller is probably fine for any other game except n64 zelda's which is silly lmao
I join just to hear you diss my beloved Ruins Jump :(
oop, the orange man has decided he has other places to be
Don't you do Quizmo at the same time every run?
So you seriously have to grind for like I guess 30-40 quizmos every run?
Is Mario Story the sequel to Yoshi Story
I was generously thinking you would get like maybe 20-30 quizmos without grinding XD
difficult switching between rando and an actual run?
watching JCog accidentally getting Slowgo on his last glitchless run was hilarious. Rando auto pilot.
I had to stop my cat from committing a federal crime the other day.
She tried to eat my voter ballot
Is the idea you wanna do as many recipes that use 1 ingredient as early as possible so then you dont have to do extra menuing once youve got cookbook
are you doing glundo at an event? I havent been on much last couple weeks
how long have you been running pape for?
Do you speed run other games?
Oh battle network. What a gem. I didn't know there were so many, I thought they stopped at 3
Just get Tubba text skip NODDERS
finally doing crater area in Violet. Actually feels like a proper final dungeon
It was meh until you get to the underground area
It is super slow, but I think it's ok. If you had Miraidon it'd be over in 5 minutes
really sets up the tone of finality (though I wish there was a faster run speed)
Speed is fine until you get lost then it's a pain to backtrack YEP
but I'll have to wait for the very last bit until after kids are in bed
glhf with the rest of run
Why would you loose 10 min?
I gave up! it took me 20 minutes to realize I can still climb ch7 without star stone
It let me finish ch1 and 4 but my moral was gone by then
reminder, quizmo doesnt care about your splits
If you miss a quiz does he ask the same question again or cycle to the next one?
how will you fill this time in the marathon KEKW
"Now would be a good time to read donations" YEP
the randomness with this. until now
Free 10 minutes of timesave later, right?
stupid question you ever play ttyd
I assumed it was just all SP receipes, and badges
the real rng checks in this category
forget quizmo, hunting down cake mix shy guys is cringe
yea I need to make that adjustment to the route whenever I get to that point in the savefile making but lul
phantom I have a question for you
stream was good just casual skyrim
what happened to you that you are voluntarily choosing to glundo
well gl! I hope it goes well!!
makes me miss lopez having shitty internet streams
dang I just realized this game came out before I was born
I love a jumbled mess of pixels on my screen
dodge master the goat of this run
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your run phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
dodge master makes it free thankfully
yea either way it's still not bad
the only blocks w/o dodge master that I think are difficult are hallway's (just because they're earlier than final's and I like to block late) and some of the magic attacks
Hey Im often just like here listening while doing my college assignments and just wanted to say thanks homie, you are very nice to listen to I wish I knew more about paper mario speedrunning/randomizer life
Damn is this stream going all night?! Lol
but ive done it with azumarills and idoughs
Random Quizmo in Toad Town. phanto274Bless
@str9ngest9r Glitchless one hundred percent with ACE banned in the rules.
all badges, recipes, upgrades, and optional bosses
Do you have to beat Kent lol
he's free as long as lullaby doesn't dink :)
and then he's free but wasting our time
omg is it good this seed you should check
@ThreeWeenies did you consider "Threenies" for your username
I am ok thank you for asking, hope your three weenies are well
It was considered. But I loved the alliteration that comes with having threeweenies
there's something satisfying to me about multibouncing the moles
Hypothetical: magical bean is a consumable, what does it give you?
this is the category deserving of doing funny jumps
well except the illegal volcano one of course
We should do online battles with. Hat for scarlet and violet
yea i'll probably do some teambuilding after I finish postgame shenanigans, just got to the credits earlier
u-turn flower trick play rough knock off, lol gg basically everyone
greninja and incineroar smoked weed and had an evil love child and its name is meowscarada
anyway I was gonna say besides being a cat it has similarities to incineroar in that it's a mixed bulk physical sweeper with quite a few options as far as the terror it can cause
Guess you gotta PB the split to get it under an hour
A sanity check every now and then is good
Belly Flop > untimed Belly Flop > Swap to Laki
this is definitely one of the weirder songs to be playing during a quiz lol
I mean if quizmo is gonna be there
"literally an infant at paper mario" -lopez 2021
geez not even Pokemon's credits run smoothly
trying to find people I know
Clavell's just got Master Balls to hand out wtf
I just finished work to see you still going
glundo? I never heard that one before lol
also I am reorganising  my bf docs and it's like 70k words lol
I only have 30% of the SetText commands done too!
It honestly, surpasses ttyd in most ways to me
It's funny because while I still like ttyd more than pm64, bug fables made me realise ttyd has issues lol
How does that move differ from spook
hurricane is MUCH easier to mash
hurricane's success multipliers for the enemies we use it on are also generally better than for spook
I'm gonna start doing what I do in let's go and just put my quizmo count in my split names
shove the coins in his beard
He's a banker the way you gave him all your money
rip cheato would definitely be a crypto bro in 2022
his final item would be a star piece nft
Ign just posted an interview with nintendo
They doubled down on the cancellation being gimr
Gimr is a fucking idiot lol
Oh is this about SWT getting cancelled
If the Smash scene wasn't already dead, it sure is now.
first post-credits raid I find is Speed Boost Espathra
was a staple of my single player team
and now koopa koot is dead forever
I am somewhat familiar with this route :)
Somewhat is a way to describe it
yeah sub 7 is very on the table
Just gotta keep it up for another hour and change
I was ready for a summoning ritual lol
hey your sum that totally matters is faster than wr now lol
Might be a dope bowser badge
Is it mean to redeem this as a long speedrun right after your marathon run?
And just like that, we golden phanto274Gold
Thank god fire and frozen potatoes made fried
It's a damn shame melody doesn't give you Attack FX Cing
Yeah. Attack FX D for Desert
I'm just saying they missed out on some free fun
yea supposed to take p-up d-down off for dojo and put it back on in chapter 8 but not that big a difference
we gonna see the 3 anti guys fight right?
gl bopping me and becoming glundo god
I don't remember anything about my run tbh
other than not doing cannon jumps because lol 5 hp
ah shit rip the run Kappa
I cant believe you bungused that quiz so hard
mario looks very thin in this game
I love when twinks beat the shit out of old people
Maddi_SR: RuneRavenFP: I love when twinks
I heard 6 bounces and was surprised he didn't just outright perish
that's still a hell of a time
yeah he's gotta get his steelstick first and then break it in for a year
yeah I think i'm coming back to this soon
got some no pw to focus on but after that
this and gless are what i've been wanting to get back to for a while
pretty happy with my all cards time I got in the open and I dont feel like going to any5 after the no pw grind cause they're too similar
I had a 6:4x forgetting smash charge and having to go back for it I think
that kinda mistake is so painful
I wonder if I could pb this now that i've played a lot of rando
49 seconds just to tease you
I got my glundo time, like, before rando was a thing I think
yea you got your pb before I even did my rrlat run
would be cool to 6:2x someday but fucking imagine
I only had time because I had just had my teeth ripped out and spent all my time routing it
It's true I don't do shit
I cant fine 101% on the website
Do I have to kill a faiiled pyramid
You've been banned and can't redeem this reward.
You've been banned and can't redeem this reward.
realblopez: You've been banned and can't redeem this reward.
my third was also 6:58 but I died somewhere iirc
didnt pb by like 30s or so
I didn't finish many but I did grind a little
yeah that's what I mean :)
haru playing gless god how do they do it lmao
thats a play that makes sense
not a gltich, just a spiked goomba feature
tomorrow? isn't the race on sunday?
did you turn the phone verified off the bot account?
pape races have it on now so I cant chat there anymore
my account is a couple years old lmao
This is a tragedy. Please Thanos Snap Goombario out of the existence with a new seed phanto274Cry
yeah I know but I don't want twitch to have my phone number
They have it anyway for me because two factor is invaluable
I use google auth for what I can but most for me are my phone
My emails are directly attached to my phone since I have an android
Now to forcibly remove windows 11 from my new PC that came in and install windows 10 while I lurk phanto274Rage
@RuneRavenFP yo you feeling any better?
Think it was just a 1 day cold with the temp dropping
Still sucked getting sick a second time lol
They can now use the king emote
Someone was talking about needing help in the axl mu and I realized I have genuinely no idea how to fight him outside of my specific matchups
Cause neither jacko or millia are playing strive LOL
for the dumb and uninformed (me) can you explain the difference between regular race rules and the current seed?
Is this something that is in the talks right now?
because race seeds can sometimes be... silly
I like the idea, I think it would probably make it easier for new players too
Early game is good, go mode boss rush gets harder which may or may not be a bad thing
thanks for the explanation :) I am now smart and informed
Did you forget your wings at home or something? raysL
since this is a race seed guessing hammer and boots are in big chest
That is what ghosts tend to do
you know I always forget about that
oh hey that badge is pretty good
Hey Phantom!! What's this new progressive scaling? The more you collect the harder the game gets?
PhantomGamesBot: well that's bc I didn't actually understand
Also /technically/ Red Station is still out of logic but understandable you would want to do it now
I wasn't expecting it to be ch 4 alreadu
I need to see that code
Maybe you were just barely at 4 and are now just barely not at 5 YEP
I always felt like from looking at the chart, stop is generally more consistent than paralyze
"As long as I block" Famous last words
Is there a map tracker or do you know all the spots by heart?
whats the best emulator for the randomizer? thinking bout giving it a go then
I personally use BizHawk, there are multiple good options but Project 64 is not one of them KEKW
@Phantom5800 Can you recommend any 3rd party N64 controllers, looking into them for gifts
These raphnet adapters look nice, gonna keep an eye out when they come back in stock thanks
Time to do a French Revolution on the goomba royal family
How are you liking the progressive scaling setting now?
You haven't seen a Flower Saver by chance, have you?
you said u wanted to catch up on levels didn't you phanto274Shrug
Have you seen a lemon? Hmm
Or that lol, could also be the Calculator from Merlow
305 green stars is BASICALLY 380
2 hours in and no super boots yet? phanto274Thonk
Just sacrifice Goombario and have some good old cooked potatoes Kappa
He gave you feeling fine so that you should feel good about yourself this seed LUL
I can see this seed being terrible since Goombario cursed it from the start
If I wasn't watching, I would ask for 9t
I also think axl will enjoy this seed
well anti guy I guess you gotta die
I love when seeds make you look at the many bad checks
could just be that easy ig
required ultra boots. Goombario has outdone himself this time LUL
so it sounds more balanced mid game compared to early game
just don't know how it jumps
now what if you find a bunch of stuff in Palace
seed could be in chapter 2 tree and this chapter will give you both stones
can it go higher than chapter 7? lol
Would be interesting to go to low scaled chapter 8 if that was a thing
and then you have to boss rush 7 bosses at chapter 8
I was also thinking for like, JCog's limited-chapter race seeds
You beat 3 chapters then have a 4-schaled ch8
So it's possible that 6 of the 7 chapters can be scaled to 7?
Possible if Rowf and all the other post-chapter stuff is nothing
With all 12 of Rowf's post-chapter checks, I don't think it's that common to have nothing but you've played more than me lol
Plus there's stuff like Kolorado tree, Vase, and Yellow Yoshi (and Koot if he's random)
Well, as of now, 2 of the 3 Yoshis checks are locked behind completing 5
Would have been nice if you found Diamond Stone and the last Fortress Key before that Seed :/
Wait... did you just take off +2 attack for +1 attack?
This is an appropriate use for What
Still wish it was called something else though
Arguably the other seed was more due to bad badges than progressive
Is Fortress Key basically guaranteed to be in 6?
As long as it's not Ruins Key 4 Kappa
Same here, maybe they're rare outside high scaling
Unless there's some obscure bug that makes them not appear in shuffled difficulty
How are you not done already you have goombario
If you look under his hat he has the last item you need
okay I'm finally catching one of these live, at least the end of it
We love the youtube viewers who pop in
I was one :) then I just was like eh
I do nothing at work, I can catch this
I've been quite busy of late so I've mostly been staying up to date with the YouTube vids, glad I can be back again though!
I live in Japan so it's always the YouTube vods for me sad
I was about to say, "isn't pape on Sundays?"
oh? is that why I never see Phantom on the peperace? cause you go by a different name?
my sister also living in Japan introduced me to your channel so there's two of us here enjoying you! at least on YouTube
yeah sure, BTW greetings from z'rich
It's 04:11 here so yeah, what time you got over there ?
Imagine the 4th ruins key leading to the fortress key
Biggest factors for international streams are timezones but native languages also can matter
right now in Japan it's noon in Japan but I don't really wake up early so I don't tend to catch most of my favorite streamers live
Greetings from USA! long time subber, first time watcher
I'm tellin you the item is under goombarios hat
you have a fortress key floating around on a cloud in your pocket :tf:
I'm actually happy rosie doesn't have it fuck that bitch
Which is better to HS from, the water branch, or Rosie?
Does it curve with every chapter clear, or???
This seed wasn't that bad, was it?
Not being able to glitch also doesn't help
And I suppose you think item placement has slowed you down more than the fights?
the colors of these Bro.s are shocking
Top 10 koopa bro's colors: number 3 will SHOCK you
love how Watt's just IN the room before Mario enters
Spin Smash strats on Koopa Bros?
I once played a seed where, for a while, Spin Smash was my only AOE
@MarioManTAW I'll buy you a drink for your suffering
Yeah, actual star points in progressive, can you believe it? YEP
@buff00n Raven lives too far away buy the food for me
that is also fine he's worthy of food
Where was the Weight (if you saw it)?
just got home from the company Christmas party. hopefully you're doing another run! lol. I misses everything.
what is your less fav boss at ch7 scaling?
It was pretty good. drank too much. but it was fun.
@iAmKrisXx yo thanks for the sub
I just noticed on your leaderboard
My name change is just a separate thing on there LOL
and I'm only 3 subs away from 40 total. that's not too shabby.
I will forever be 1st and 2nd
Now I'm on the gift sub board too
@RuneRavenFP tier 2 sub right now
@buff00n I'm primed I can't upgrade
I feel like you already beat this game...
that is in fact more than 1
almost... like 5 work days left
It's something about "Pallos" that makes me bully on sight
"1STAR", I was motivated to be nicer to. For some reason.
30 fp and only 5 jp
My existence is a walking meme
Is it even possible to power shock bowser?
30% of the time it works all the time
looking at the jcog on the table
Gg's! Looking forward to more progressives though! Looks quite good
I need to fucking practice but I've been sick and mentally dead
I will manage for nha lol
yeah its hard to balance when you do the longer checks and such
I mean rigby didnt get FXC and put it on, that's like timesave
world record for obtaining the most important item?
did you have everything for 2 when you went to 1 though?
my routing was mostly ass yesterday
I went to mt rugged before entering toy box even though I just had found bow and toy train, which was lucky cause I think Parakarry was there?
I also did the pit on my 1 kbf key trip there, which was very scuffed. did 7 up to star stone check w/o star stone instead of entering ch3 w/ 2 keys ...
full cleared ch4 as it was low scale
did you get frying pan from quizmo?
mega shock just doesn't work for me
can't remember any more notable routing, besides remembering that I did not buy the diamond stone since early game money was tight. which was bad, as I remembered during the ruins opening cutscene when I had 3 keys and the other stones
hmmm ok I will try that next time I do a rando
In the end I'm still totally fine w/ my time, considering how little I actually play rando
If pape races rando is on Saturdays going forward I'm probably able to join more often, which is nice
I can see how Saturday evening is kind of eh for most people, but I rarely have better things to do from 11pm to 3am lol
I work Sundays, though then again that hardly stops me from watching anyways
I keep meaning to do runs or randos but never actually do it
but yeah its hard to game the logic and risk skipping something early
don't worry about it. I'll see it eventually
I'm at 75k points idk if I want vip or rando redeems
Its easy enough to dip into
plus if weight is in here before going to 3
Yup I actually set up the entire thing
Im just waiting for when Im not super busy to do a full rando
Which will probably be in 2 weeks
having the key w/o bombette is sad
you also dont have parakarry. I can read.
Seems like you've got some good starting stuff, at least.
Fuck blooper, all my homies hate blooper.
I still am in the club that early blooper is not as bad as early moles.
I remember that one seed you did where you had to fight super blooper for some item I forgot
Like really early in the seed
Imagine if Warehouse key is in one of those checks. That would be super annoying.
goombario for 30 is a straight scam
Why not spend 30 star pieces for goombario?
Why spend 0.30 star pieces for goombario?
Wait, does this mean we have to beat Jr. Troopa now?
Or is that after beating the chapter?
not until we open the big chest
so, I learned that Long Island Iced Tea doesn't have enough alcohol in it to avoid freezing
yeah, a little bit of everything in a drink
good think you got that jammin
me preferring tap water over basically any other source: ...
Why was a plain ass bucket so much more money than a rare artifact LMAO
I was gifted a subscription so thank you Kris
dont you have a ruins key?
phantom but his head is warm FeelsOkayMan
Dude, Raph slaming on the ground with no feet looks so cursed
phanto274Lurk I won't tell on you
hewo phantom! GL on the seed :D
If the difficulty scaling is too high it might have to be skipped
Its inly for shorten cutscenes off
"Hi, me! Have you met Mario?"
I wonder if I could make the rng pointing thing visible on power shock...
strive for mediocrity is what I always say
we got about 6 inches of snow this weekend
most neighborhood lines are underground here, the main lines are above ground and they are maintained afaik
How is this seed treating you lol
yeah we get a lot of snow here, my city of 100k has about 50 of them last I checked
and the highway maintainence has about 200 for the region
go get the store room key after
I just finished a seed where crystal palace had the go-mode items for 1-2-3 and 6 so anythings possible :)
nah tubba or kbf key is behind store room key
I didnt think so because the first boots were locked behind ultra hammer lol and all the damage badges were really high lol
According to jesse big d said he couldn't hit b right LOL
"He fights too much, his camping is ass, and down tilt is broken and he won't use it" - big d
why are you still checking things? are you not go mode? or is there just a badge youd really like to find
I got banned in Hex's channel iirc
and yes it was a joke ban
yeah if I did get banned in glenns chat I never noticed
surely no bad rng could occur
I actually rolled a race seed just to chill with today, Power Rush valued at 15 star pieces, Last Stand valued at 20 YEP
so 35 star pieces just to do danger strats
My man really said "nah you're going to 3"
super boots are really nice early
especially since now watt isnt the only way into ch5
oddly fitting place for the lunar stone
I remember the 1st time I trapped myself in library I thought the game bugged LUL
Noo the attack fx badge NotLikeThis
Sad Attack FX B noises :(
also you do have cake access when you need it since ralph sells mix
early mega rush surely thisll be a good seed :)
this truly is looking to be a seed of all time
Really smart to come here first apparently
Imagine going fast couldn't be me KEKW
Is it good to check there early when you already have Kooper?
yknow what could be interesting now that I think about it
an option that individually scales each enemy randomly (i.e all koopas could be 1 scaled whereas all goombas could be like 5 scaled)
Probably beating 1 before 3 unless you're really stuck
simply skip the pit by jumping up to the doors 5Head
During yesterday's race I never realized you could reset on chest blooper if the chest wasn't good so I ended up fighting all 3 bloopers LUL
ultra stone is nice to have this early
dude why is there so much Chapter 7 here LUL
what if both warehouse and palace key were somehow both in chapter 5 aswell
then hed still need red key too
...and red key you know what Im implying LUL
this is certainly a seed currently
well watt could still be in Ch 7 shop, bed, lake, chest in west
In the lake or in the inn
I mean you'll most likely level up from doing Ch5
Only Parakarry away from all upgrades I believe lol
oh right I forgot you aren't an idiot like me LUL
who runs into every enemy and fights them anyways
you can laki jump, but only sometimes without being a filthy cheater
You can regular jump but only sometimes without being a "cheater" YEP
I forgot to check the bush in mt rugged and spent 35 minutes looking for it
would've been better had I not been lost
definitely not allowed beause it's a laki teleport
the race ruleset is definitely a thing
did you equip ice power a while ago or smth?
Hey Add'em you asked what GenericPartner was... here it is
From my experience, LP phase 2 is usually easier than phase 1
best seeds are the ol' ch7 difficulty lava piranha first, no ice power, sushi, or snowman doll
You're guaranteed to have Sushie unless you cheat
do you remember like the 2nd race seed ever was basically like that? I think we had sushi
fried fish on the menu tonight
I would be very worried if '. Goombario violated you in you back pocket as usual. I have to be careful with my wording LUL
I saw anti last night have power bounce behind him last night' how gross is that?
I am at a loss for words because in that seed too frying pan gave Goombario
Parakarry or Diamond Stone would be nice to find in Ruins
Parakarry into required blue key would be legendary
your luck with bombette has been crazy
Bruh. I had to trim the hair on the sides of my head that rests near my ears. It was tickling the **** out of my ears.
I definitely don't have sideburns. LuL I just have really long hair overall (it goes down past my butt). Alas, the hair nearest my ears just hadn't been dealt with in a while.
I need to go out and buy some super fake sideburns. The kind you see on like.. old school anime characters with the pompadour and the sideburns.
You've gotten vanilla Parakarry at least.. two? times? maybe three?
Parakarry still logically required for ch2 completion
Bot, I require your words of wisdom. Oh bot of the lake, what is your wisdom?
Can I counter offer with a nice, clean- "**** you too" ?
red key red station makes sense to me
Still haven't been to 7 either
What if parakarry is locked behind ultra boots block in Mt. Shiver?
Also technically Parakarry can't be Ultra-blocked with these settings
but this specific seed youll be using later to race with folks?
Could I interest you in some nachos and cheese?
I meaaaaannn.... On the off chance that you say no.
It's a dream for me phanto274Cry
The smug is strong with you
You know, now that I think about it, I'm not entirely convinced that the devs of this game had ever seen shoes in their lives.
Unless you walk onto stream one day wearing some bright ass red shoes/boots with yellow trim, I'm pretty sure.
But can we get shoe pics from your only fans Kappa
That fright jar was so spooky that it scared the tree right off of the stump.
Could've just taken off D-down smh
I feel like it's faster to go mode 6 than full clear it over 7 but it could just be me
Power bounce behind anti guy? We need the spoiler log to tell us LUL
I hope for this to be Goombario one day LUL
My favorite is and always will be the legendary frying pan encased in ice.
Have you seen him in the Chapter 1 jail cell where your Tubba key was?
A singular coin encased in ice YEP
Luigi with the red on seems natural
Crystal King with the medieval fit
How does mashing for power shock work?
So In other words, it's random
no one wants cookies on their PC Kappa
Prayge that Parakarry is go mode
Bow can't help you out because parakarry must be in the skyy
I hear some Kreygasm s from you
Hey Phantom! How's your day been? Also good luck phanto274BLANKIES phanto274GL
Laki has him I'm calling it
It would be funny if parakarry is chilling in the sky LUL
he just wants your attention lol
Watch this be a 100% seed phanto274Hype
book for a book, checks out
This is a seed you send to troll your friends LUL
My wishes came true. He really is in the sky
he's very good at hide n seek in this seed
Parakarry go mode is the worst but also the best because you don't see it LUL
He is never truly dead. Goombario will make him rose again
Hence why we never see Goombario after this fight ever again
guess the music and I'll name the starter after you
brain not working on this music rn
Hold on.. I think I know it.
sounds like a dragon quest game
Trying to find it on YouTube to confirm.
I might just not be used to hearing it 8 bit
I feel like I wanna say that it's Golden Sun? It feels too obvious to be Pokemon.
no way this golden sun its a gameboy game
so it was a dragon quest game
I soloed the charizard raid easily
only lost on the first try cause I mistimed my tera
It blow my mind how many either A: trolls, or B: people who don't know typing, did the raids.
terad at low health, and died immediately
At least you used tera, half of my teams didn't
Viki out here just wanting to be the runner
a level 20 is pretty nice
been playing some legends arceus again, just cause i've missed it. got a shiny alpha chatot
more uses of earthquake always good
Squirtbottle first item into THAT abomination, into a badge. Brilliant.
I think what makes it worse is that it's male
Ah yes, welcome to sprout tower, where the final boss resides.
Squid1 propokEL propokER Squid4 propokJ hi
And Croconaw, he means the abomination.
There is EVERYTHING wrong with that Croconaw.
The only thing wrong with that Croconaw is the number of corpses potentially in its wake monkaS
I don't think we've ever had male croc milk
"Have you ever milked a male crocodile?"
Let the crocodile drink what it wants to drink ;)
Just going around mugging people's barbeques.
of course, we love a seed that doesn't give us fly, right?
@WEEGEE666 Aka add ten hours to the rando.
Except when you find the freaking squirt bottle as your first item.
had a seed of prime rando that decided it didn't want to give me boost ball, plasma beam, or thermal visor
There a !bonk command here... It feels appropriate right now Kappa
we keeping milk drink cause good heals, right?
I blinked. What did you get?
I missed my quota for today
Articuno? I'm pretty sure you mean Zapdos.
man it's been awhile since I've heard that one
I don't think any of them did, but I definitely used TTar
favorite gen2 pokemon, and 2nd favorite overall
can we talk about Sudowoodo actually getting its chance to be grass type in gen9 gym battle?
Escape rope room in alpha ruins
I have returned, and I see we have fly
have you tried to play as "New Girl"/"New Boy"?
still rockin milk drink I see
It was especially funny when we realized it was a male croc
I often forget just how close together things are in the old versions of pokemon
could you imagine how much of a nightmare S/V would be as a rando
I've noticed that those "wanna become famous" bots have started writing paragraphs now
Maybe we can use that iron to flatten out the creases Goombario leaves in our pockets Kappa
had one the other night when I was doing that prime rando
Maybe Goombario is behind it all
He is after all a Goomba with a 5Head
I hear map rando and full item rando together with hell spinners is fun
entrance rando is quite the meme though
my boss gave me the boot for the evening, so I'm grabbing boba and gas before heading
Damn. Team rocket is moving up in the world capturing molt res and handing it off to the grunts
Nugget bridge is always nice to be forced into
Team rocket bringing out the legendaries and moving up in the world LUL
Message from a while ago I missed lol
I see the elite smash reward LUL
There's no point in removing it. But add the 'force streamer to use Goombario' option Kappa
Hmm I am not familiar with seeing the Level ball in vanilla crystal
I jsut found out everrdrive64 can run GB and GBC games
I was doing an astronomical amount of dishes because of my habitual procrastination
I haven't done a rando in so long hoveySad I'm probably so rusty
oh definitely not, but I'm absolutely going to forget checks on my first few seeds.
and I'm too lazy to use the tracker
$27.35 to fill up the tank
my money is you're walled on whirlpool
It's only 2 checks, but the amount of times it's been whirlpool for me is terrifying NotLikeThis
My guess is flash room in alph might have your badge
still need two gear parts as well, mind you
It's more likely your badge is behind snorlax
clear bell into gear seems probably, or whirlpool into gear
and technically misty is still in logic
I'm pretty sure she can give you flash
you don't need machine part to fight misty
progress behind machinepart-less misty is so awful though LUL
It's not bad if you have machine part, at least you're thinking about it
but I never really consider it when I don't have machine part, it's probably bottom of my list
hey making this decision is a potential race-winning decision
I just saw a pape rando cart being sold on etsy for 70 bucks
70 for a single seed lol
at least he lets you pick the settings KEKW
I neverr played gen 2 but this music hits me right in the feels
Streamer Phantom challenges you to a pokemon battle. Streamer Phantom sent out WEEGEE. Enemy WEEGEE used chatter. It's not very effective. Streamer Phantom played an ad. Enemy WEEGEE is loafing around. Streamer Phantom resets the battle. Its very effective. GGs  Cheer100
I heard that RAID: Shadow Legends is good for growth KEKW
was hoping you'd put another bike out of a tree
It's 3F outside, perfect BBQ weather
my grandma bbq'd a turkey. it was the juiciest turkey I've ever eaten
then she never did it again. for some reason
Oh we do whole chickens in the summer, it's so good
can't do it in the winter because the heat is too uneven
Is Pokedex the Goombario of this game?
Rhydon dropping from the heavens would be terrifying indeed
Will this be the first seed I see where there's no key items until Azalea?
how could you do this to me
and I even ate a carbos :(
WHY COULDN'T YOU HAVE DONE THAT EARLIER, BEAV
the mon's name is beav, isn't it
Squirtbottle on charcoal, next key item
I'm on board with bike on tree
I'm trying my best, buffoon. :(
the dream is dead, just like my life ambitions
there's the rod that the fisherman MEANT to give you
It's team rocket. they don't know shit about taking care of pkmn
Ohh I forgot you play with no tree, that's why I said on charcoal
yeah yeah, it causes a lot of squirtbottle backtracking
wait a minute; did I just take myself out?
Gym leader gave you a gym badge raysL
I look forward to still existing at the end when I check the VOD whenever it gets uploaded
You'll exist, just maybe as the 'oh shit gotta revive.' Mom
*rides into bike shop on a bike* "here's a [CARD KEY]! Take it for a ride, it's good for business!'
Sounds like an anime or a children's book. Kenya and the red scale.
also the "use another repel?" is going to be a lifesaver
Imagine having nothing to do besides sit around all day waiting to pokemon battle someone
that was best case, for sure
things like that are what makes crystal so interesting
that was my attempt at a joke because 'oeuf' is 'egg' in french
Oh I only know some french words, I can't speak it.
Learning English as a second language was weeeeeeeird.
when you did pape christmas was it on console?
oh I thought that was you lol
yo se a MUY menos espa'ol
yeah Ive been thinking about it
wow, what an ass of a sailor
am back, was playing mario party
Shiny Ninetails is always so good.
Also, what the heck just happened with the chat? Someone activated all of the settings apparently. KEKW
@buff00n tf is this attempt at speaking
the heck did I click lmao whoops
how'd the rest of the last seed go?
what the hell is shield mode
did you keep milk drink through the whole of it?
Attack mode and defense mode? KEKW
I just clicked yes and it turned your stream into a fortress
has it been roadblock after roadblock?
so what do we need at the moment
Remember that one time that they made an actual pinecone Pokemon? Nope.
A pinecone and it's not even Grass type YEP
Your ultra stone is doing what?
Give the ultra stone to the bot's calendar, I guess.
I don't think that there's an and there.
I think i've gotten like halfway up one run, and I don't remember where I am anymore, so i'll probably just do a new seed
I don't mind, especially if it's oot, cause that one takes a while
lttp is nice and quick, if I don't do keysanity
I managed to get twilight princess rando to work, but right now you have to buy shop items in order to check them
I think it's scaled based on what item it is
shopsanity is really good for majora's mask, good chance of getting a high level rupee for sale at 10
and chateau romani at like 20
also, so glad I can play oot and mm on console for rando
perhaps. i'm good with my modded wii for it rn
In the meantime, any and all gamecube randos I can do on console
I'm surprised at how easy it is
Whirl islands? More like loaded islands.
will you ever do a nuzlocke rando? cuz it sounds like a godawful idea
I see I return as a new pokemon
"thanks for beating my husband's ass"
I'll pour a glass for you, Mr. 5800
Anyways. I'm gonna close my eyes (and presumably pass the bleep out). I'll still be listening in, but, good luck with the rest of the run!
G A M B L I N G
god, imagine if slots were in progression
watching a casual pape stream, they use their only snowman doll right before LP axlsrCoward
the suprise reaction to jumping over the firebar 10 times was cute
I didnt know until I saw M4 runs
therre are none in bowsers castle?
I love the goons who sell you shit despite being employed by the dude who hates your guts
45 HP 20FP and 24BP I think theyll be fine for LP lol
Oh, and, remember the number one rule of Pok'mon- If it's not edible, you probably don't want it on your team. Bug Pok'mon make for terrible emergency rations.
@VikiHexen they're "emergency" for a reason
yesterday I did LP scaled to 7, was sub 1 with 10 FP running fire shield and last stand. Squirt was 3 FP. Im no longer scared of LP
oh and water block was 1 FP LUL
felt really good about my routing didnt go to ch1 until I had all 4 keys
I did a gamble with 7, luckily it had palace key
I'd like to do vanilla gear where I get hammers first and grab ultra boots chest first
just have phantom roll you a seed Kappa
I almost had one but got weight like 1 chapter before my 3rd key
Ive done 300 hours and still havent seen a seed like that lol
been trying to catch up to your rando play time, wont be long now
god damn axl you been grinding
have I? doesnt feel like it
It doesnt feel like grinding cause im not reseting OMEGALUL
when im at work im just excited to come home and play pape rando
what kinda asshole devises a city that you need to cut tress to get around said city?
sorry I'm late, boss. I left my hm slave in the pkmn center
feels like yesterday I just subbed for the first time *cries uncontrollably
favorite streamer for sure! thanks phantom
It took me a stupidly long time to realize the bike riding theme is a remix of goldenrod city
I had 3 test last friday
Imagine being one of those losers who misses high school
"Best years of your life" FUCK, NO
What Pok'mon is weenie? I missed it
My life in high school has just been drama and covid
If only it were that simple
Imagine being able to do pape blind again and you get the the peach quiz KEKW
When are you streaming Pok'mon stadium 2 next? Just saw your YouTube vod on it
how many channel points for PS2?
I remember ho oh being much larger on DS
Watch out for the lvl 10 hounddom
Just pretend I spelled that right
Have you ever done Pok'mon TCG? My friend just placed 10th at the Toronto regional this weekend.
Have you played the gb game
I have so many decks on master duel
I only have a blue eyes deck LOL
blue eyes deck is not very good sadly
The art is soo good tho
oh snap I'm still in this
back then I was playing tri brigade zoo now I'm playing swordsouls
ah yes, Brock the Ghost-type gym
Wow what are the odds of thay
We gotta find someone rocking 6 sudowudos
Red at the end has 6
so you saying its a chance
In gen 1, is it true that you kill your rival's raticate?!
I just read about this and im in shock! Sounds so true
I've met the enemy; it's me
I beat the 2nd best player in the state
He plays Leo I'm very happy to kill that character
I lost to my practice partner sol twice for 4th lol
Fuck that char but I appreciate jacko for having genuinely good tools to stuff his kit
I bullied the shit out of an anji r1
I hope he stops playing that character and picks a good one
why does he keep usibg cotton spore lmao
do you care enough to shoot for partner ?
Yay I get to see a full seed!!
had to come in here. Was listening to Coney talk about first love, and it was releasing some demons I once vanquished
I'm sad I didn't get to eat more of your cooking
@buff00n You don't need him you have Portillo's
Imo, what I ate was tasty af
"kairi" yo, Raven got a sub? Good for them
I know Jack squat about KH
devoted most of my brain to Sonic / MegaMan trivia
Ohhh I thought 20 for ruins 25 for tubba
I am glad to see Darth Goombario hasn't corrupted this seed yet
He is a master manipulator that potato kid
In fact' I have never seen desert the first 10 minutes in a seed ever
What if that volt shroom was goombario Kappa
Beating 3 under 30 minutes? Blessed seed so far
It's okay you can admit you read the spoiler log before stream
ngl, heard you said pooper lol
my parents are watching The Preacher's Wife, and the kid has the same pillow case I had 25 years ago
It's okay, he can be naked a bit longer lol
shiny hunting and doing this cause my brain is done
It was lion king, Simba and Zazu on one side and timon and pumba on the other
I have never seen that before.
I did see a wasp nest in the forest
Goombario hasn't corrupted the seed yet
It's always good to Blame Goombario
does the run away bar work like power shock?
Sub 30 super boots is Kreygasm . Phanntom knows what I mean Kappa
did you see the DM about komari?
"Alexa, highlight bombette, cake, and bucket." KEKW
Alexa support would be so dope!
Its never too late to do a good deed
It's always took late to do the good deed of '. Mercifully removing Goombario
like 100 good deeds for eddie mcdow
anyone else remember that or are my 90s just showing?
old show on nickleodeon, punk got turned into a dog and forced to do 100 good deeds to change back
did you just stright up mug that shyguy?
your def dressed the part, even wearing the mugger's hat KEKW
What do you need the pieces for?
we are here to Bully you
I got raided earlier so I had to raid you homie
omg he part of the OG
Congrats on being the face of paper Mario right now Phantom phanto274Hype phanto274Hype
You sounded like a streamer when you said "pretty much everyday"
Yes you are busy trying to figure out Goombario sanity everyday
Have you gotten a seed with all vanilla chapter scales
Its a 0.000119% chance I believe
Im not too sure lolol but I hope its right
confirmed it is about 1 in 5,040 times
One shouldn't Prayge for Goombario to appear
What if koopers shell is 3rd key
no it was about right pallos
Oh yeah my checking was wrong
I think the math for vanilla chapter difficulty is actually a little less than .02%
It's not 1/7th factorial since you can't have two of the same chapters
no I'm pretty sure it's definitely factorial lol
It is not 1/7 to the power of 7 if that's what you meant
It isn't .14% since that's one chapter matching lol
wow it's been a while since i've done a math class lol, I forgot what factorial was, you're right
Math is my favorite subject lolol
Now that I think about'. I was always too lazy to do math when I had to take classes
Being lazy and being lost were a terrible combo
I had too many bad math teachers in my early schooling
I was done after calc 2 and that was enough for me
Well I guess its time for 7
I took calculus in high school so I would never have to take math again for the rest of my life and that was the best decision I ever made
I remember one of my middle school math teachers didn't notice two of my classmates climb out the window and climb back in directly in front of her desk
we were the advanced class too so that kind of.  set the tone.
I had her for two years too, she was.  a trip.
I was always interested in Doing computer science or engineering but realized quickly the the amount of physics and math involved wouldn't allow me to pass
I love the little screams, it so cute LMAO
Math either makes you a 5Head or a 4Head
@cpunkc the bot means when Goombario was forced upon Mario against his will in a rando seed
thanks bot I hope I also don't remember
@Trevbonk are you saying goombario and mario are related? that makes so much sense!!!
@cpunkc in a sense Mario's pocket and Goombario are
What if we just need to make Goombario talk and tell us where Laki is at when we find him?
Petition to remove or rename the What emote
Petition to make the What emote Goombario?
You are not winning that battle
Could it be literally any other word or capitalization pls?
I don't even know what the Hell you're talking about
@TacoGuy74 What is the deal with you not knowing the deal with What
These 129 times are they complete runs or just any runs in general be it uhhh, incomplete? is that the word haha
@TacoGuy74 What I'm saying is I don't know What the hype is around What
What do you mean it's pretty self explanitory why What is so hype
Having the word What turned into a face when used at the beginning of a sentence is annoying
@RuneRavenFP What you rather explain is What the heck the hype is or I don't know What to think about What
What is wrong with you people D:
@TacoGuy74 also I updated mvs to play marvin finally
@RuneRavenFP Marvin just got a bunch of buffs while every other top tier got gutted
He was one of the four characters not affected by the whiff punish nerfs
Oh you're actually playing the game lol
I hate that my name is associated with these foot gremlins
Laki'. Why did Goomabrio put you there?
better than mushrooms. or herbs. or goombario.
More than killing it. You nuked it LUL
like, today it got as low as -31C
It wasn't fun, that's for sure
yeah, -40 is where C and F converge
I always knew 0C is around 32F
what checks do we have still?
wowwwww goombario holding the seen hostage
so it would seem goombario was important after all
I mean, low scale 6, should be nice and quick huff
Watch power bounce be behind anti guy
So is it damage you do or after 2 turns bowser uses the star rod there
so is it theoretically possible to kill him before the star rod or is it impossible
you can get him really low, but not kill
That's weird how storeroom key isn't required
Perfect time for a salty run back
Is there something you could easily do in that time? or nah
mercy kill seed if it doesn't end before 3:30 you just stop
You never know if you will get another blessed seed unless you try
I should really keep multiple seeds on my usb and sd card
but if u not in go mode by 330 check the log
Oh boy Darth Goom is following you
I guess it's the rule of 2 now with Lord Goombario looking over your shoulder
pretty fitting getting a letter from the post office
I really want to learn more on prime rando, like the routing and planning
Harry! Why are you loaded? LUL
I am sadge, my local game store is gonna be closing down soon
so yeah, I may not really do panels a lot in the near future since that was rough
that and having plenty of traps on LOL
I just don't know the routing much I guess
It was just a silly thing, but yeah
there were five fake ultra stones lmao
yeah, i'd honestly never do traps on my seeds. I don't even do ice traps for oot rando
two of them in the scarf and bucket check
did that one go on YouTube because I think I remember it
yeah, unless I have no one, then I never come here first anymore
the one with the million fake Ultra stones
man, can't wait to see milk drink croc on youtube lol
I've been recording locally since the beginning for me lol
I really need to upload streams to youtube
maybe not my unite streams, but my story game streams and rando streams
just keeps an archive that people can see, if need be
I mean, all i'd cut is like the few minutes of opening until gameplay, then like outro crap
I plan to at least when I do my big souls marathon
probably also when I do octopath 2
man even I go back and watch some of the ones from a couple months ago
You didnt get the berry, u had 0 coins when u tried to buy it <3
demon's souls is surprisingly good, if really easy
I wanted to say that, but I didn't know how much we could point things out PrideLaugh
then again, i'm used to bloodborne and DS3
bloodborne and Ds3 are tied for me
frankly, cause of the endgame area, I didn't even finish elden ring
I never got past maliketh, but I beat placidusax
fair, yeah. leyndell was the last good area of the game
I did. it's not part of my souls marathon. it'll go from demon's souls to sekiro, then code vein and hollow knight
code vein is good, if you ignore the optional dungeons and dlc
@ohheyitjaye this seed was manipulated by Darth Goombario from the start chrisSad
I would have played 1, but my controller wasn't working with the game on steam and I didn't want to use keyboard and mouse so I was just like eh
still want to play it though
like I was able to see the beginning a bit, but eh
hmmm, maybe I need to check it out again
you just reminded me I had it again LOL
It's because they just wanted us to die because of its issues ohheyi30LOL
remastered fix a lot of issues, but the lava still hurts the eyes
I have a mod that changes the knight armor into twilight princess link lol
I never thought to save scum that before if it's my only check
complete with sound effects from the game, too
this is the most loaded I've seen this room
I was about to say, watt PrideLaugh
ngl, I've been wanting to get an N64 again and get an everdrive so I can do this
and pretty much just download every game in the library lol
I have an official S-Video cord as well for this since I used it for my GC so it would be nice to use
I just wish they woulda done the same thing for Wii, but eh
oops, I meant use the same cord
because the cables I have kinda make it look like hot garbage
So fuzzies' have run with themselves and clone themselves. Is that how they really populate? phanto274Thonk
I think mine are official as well? but just passing it through retrotink and looking at the output, I'm just like, eh?
maybe I'm just spoiled at this point though PrideLaugh
oooo, 5X is so beautiful shasComfy
I've seen a couple of people use it and I'm just like, I'm so jealous
oh dear. I've been wanting to try that at some point. Now I'm scared PrideLaugh
oh I never knew that cake technically wasn't in logic
It has been convenient for me in the past, I can say that much PrideLaugh
Why don't you just check shops. It's the meta right Kappa
this is seed is kinda trolling ngl
was that a fortress or Tubba key?
that's what I was thinking too
because that's upwards of like 15 checks?
nearly all partners at 45 minutes
so I have no idea PrideLaugh
but yeah, I'm just thinking through as well to see what my routing would be as well ohheyi30LOL
with a ch.4, I would have maybe done it, but I would have to REALLY prepare
like I've done a ch.5 at 7 scaled super early, but I really had to think about what to do
Can Whacka ever have required items?
but yeah, General Guy and that whole damn chapter at highest scale is scary as shit
But is really potato salad or just whacks salad? Kappa
that's more me liking potato salad in general
I like how each of the Desert map areas kinda looks like bigger versions of the platform you have the final fight with Bowser on
Required blue key seed? I can only Prayge to see it again
you must please the virtual character
I come back to pleasing virtual characters
didn't realize paperando was secretly a dating sim
It is. Goombario is secretly dating Mario's pocket
But the real scoop is Bombette and Kooper hooking up
Meanwhile Watt grew up and that covers the dating scene
5? I thought it was 6?
man, where was that last seed
I know, but that's the joke
Now give into the dark side and embrace Goombario is what he is telling you Kappa
hell yeah we can actually beat the game when the time comes
Orange or Aki I am totally fine
I mean, you can call me either weegee or jeff, both i'll respond to
Can I call you Bezos Weege?
Aki is my name yea, but Orange works too, I don't mind <3
Theoretically anybody can become a Jeff bezos but not in reality
@Trevbonk it's a dice roll that's rolled on birth
pp is stored in the bb
I went to UW. Class 2020
I remember forever ago talking about wanting to do retro settings, then immediately hated it
Peach: Mario HATES D-Down Smash. Unironically.
also, i've found I have no incentive for myself to play scarlet after having finished the main story after area 0
I soloed a charizard raid with calm mind moon blast sylveon
bruh, I still have fun going back into legends arceus, even though all I have left is just shiny hunting
I hates battle frontier as a kid because I couldn't brute force it but came to realize I was stupid LUL
Battle frontier was well done making you think and learn everything
I couldn't even get a single symbol as a kid KEKW
oh yeah, you ever try that emerald rogue like hack?
It's a tough start, but once you get some more possible starting pokemon, it gets way more fun
I'm calling there's a vanilla key in 1
It starts you off in a little hub, and as you play, you slowly build it more. each run your pokemon starts at level 5, but you level and catch more as you go, and you can cap each section if you want
each section is helmed by a gym leader, of random choice, but always scaled to the section cap
and when  you unlock the safari zone, you can catch pokemon there that you've seen in your runs to pick as your starting pokemon
I play it through mgba on my wii
I don't see why it shouldn't, it uses routes from the game, and pokemon from gen 3. there's 2 hacks, one that is just vanilla emerald, and one that has more modern changes, like fairy typing
I mean, I have a physical cartridge of mother 3 fan translation and pokemon ash grey, and they work perfectly
I'm thinking about it, I think jade raven is here somewhere
the only reason I thought that is because it did feel the game was telling you to come here early (I probably wouldn't have either), but thinking about what's left, it just made sense to me it was here
once I saw the weight and record and portrait all close together, I was like oh dear PrideLaugh
makes more sense to do upstairs first if no 3rd key
That's'. Concerning finding frying pan isn't it
oh I never thought of that routing
that would make sense, since you're gunna full clear it
I need to keep that in mind
my call is there's a seed or ch.7 ityem here
I was meaning more the bucket or scarf
but I'm not too far off PrideLaugh
I forgot you could do it like that
I'd best get to sleep, I work in 6 hours lol
Because fire shield is not something you normally would use
only in chapter 5 and bowser
So fire shield also allows you to jump on lava bubble right?
been one hour since almost every partner has been gathered
I just look for C and E
take my kid and I'll give you this moon shaped rock
honestly, for me, the first 3 chapters of any scale I'm totally fine with
It's 4 and up I have to worry about
I suck with high scaled ch.7
because I'm using Bizhawk, I generally have to wait til cutscenes because you can't control the game clicked out of it
yeah, I just learned this last seed just by trying it PrideLaugh
oh I didn't know about that
I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself PrideLaugh
nah, I was doing sapphire runs
was trying to finish a run while not doing full no reset runs at the same time
never got past norman today lmao
what exactly is an all sanity seed
You just need 2 keys scarf and that's it
I had to stone cap Mario all the way as a kid for huff. I didn't understand how it worked without forcing it
Paper Mario has an oddly cute feel to it ratirlAlfred
When was the last time you ran/played bn?
Oh, so the time you snatched 4th from me in Dive% KEKW
I feel like the best dive times are in any%
I woke up, saw that, and really pondered what was going on with my life
and tbf, most people don't care about the 2 scenarios
I take it the regular 1 coin blocks aren't randomized?
do you need all 7 stars to go to bowsers castle? what are the settings for this rando seed?
Im under the assumption he does it for fun
Fair. But you know he'd be happy if he beat goomba
I've been thinking about going back to bn6 latelly
The only way to beat the G.O.A.T is to make new categories while he's beating the ones we just made >:)
actually try to finish an any%
I just get distracted by stuff
You took the words out of my mouth
@TheDinglez That's assuming he even cares lol
What's interesting is that if that Coconut were ancient like her, it would still be good, since it's been iced the whole time.
I once heard that in Antarctica, there's a biscuit that's been frozen there for around 120 years, and it's still good to eat to this day.
well we technically will have 1 category when the collection comes out
I think Fright Jars are quite possibly the most useless items in the game.
but even then runs will be in their own game
and its kind of a slippery slope, would it only be those two paper marios? would it include color splash?
@Phantom5800 Wait, when were the Albino Dinos added into the Rando?
I think it'd be nice if you could go broad category > sub category
a series category *would* b e cool
I never experienced one for some reason.
It's a weird thing because I do understand where Kane's coming from
maybe have users have the ability to create their own custom categories
I do agree with that because the way people will approach naming it. Some people might say BN for example, others might do the full title. There's just room for spelling differences that might make it hard to find things.
Well it's late and I have work in the morning. Have a good night and GL on the rest of the run
I bet you wished you coulda picked up that one Shooting Star at the ice walls.
I bet you anything the Lyrics will give it to you.
sure was! I forged a broken weapon for Claude in Star Ocean 2 lol
like, my party has like 340-400 damage weapons
Claude has a 990 damage weapon LMAO
let's just say.... while my main character was hitting 400s on this boss, he was hitting 5600s...............
the new star ocean game looks pretty good
I love that game so much
I played 3 4 and 5
Till the End of Time is also good
I never got to beat till the end of time
I only beat 4 and 5 5 is dog shit
I heard the new 1 is actually good  so might get it soon
I'm all about the dog island
I still haven't seen any dog island runs
I saw the t3  shield lmaooo
and it's ch 7 too LOL
how many vip slots do u have left? I'm close
my dumb ass tried to do ch 7 scaled 7 at level 3
for some reason  my seed let me do ch 7 first and I decided to give it a shot
I just got off work LMAO
Yeah I was like this is abnormal
and now is 3 am lmao
Ive been on a WoW kick since the new expansion came out
and before that I was addicted to Assassins creed Valhalla LUL
Pape really do be on the back burner for me rn
I struggle getting more than 4 caps wtf
I'll circle back around to pape one of these days
he likes to go to bed with full pockets
I should add a fright jar to my plushie list
bizarre things happen when its late LUL
put on close call for the luls
I didn't know I had close call equipped during the pape races race, and I didn't get a single one until phase 1 of final
sub 3 being on the line too
If close call was on last seed you might of won
I miss most of the last seed had it on in the background was girding destiny 2
I remember my early seeds I like 2 partner start and toybox open LUL
he just doing them now to get them out of the way so when u do glitchless u get good rng
so who we raiding at 3am lmao
Aha! There you are. : D
yoo I made it just in time let's gooo
can't miss all sanity for anything LUL
We're in for a weird one, folks.
jumpless hammerless makes me happy as a viewer tho LUL
yeah kooper start is much better
I see what the... wait for it.. SEED wants from you.
How many coins is he selling? LuL
when tf did Discord get a dedicated notifications channel/tab?
I can tell you are having fun already
my workplace fed us BBQ for lunch. Are there trying to make us fall asleep on the job???
This is gonna be a.. pretty nutty run. KEKW
Don't be mean to the start. It's not ugly. It's just unique.
you should listen to me more often
well at least you got boots tho
Raven, can I whisper you the clip and you can post it here?
I didn't know links were banned
wait you have all seeds too? lol
Just try, if you get shot I'll un-shoot you
Yea I didn't think it was lol
I'm going to a Pok'mon TCG local tonight. Idk if they're fun or not
I'm sure it'll be cool :0
Idk how sweaty everyone will be
I mean in tournament people will try but if you're just playin people outside of that it'll be fine
do you have a good dec
I'm playing an old ass deck (palkia vstar). I'm gonna get clapped
you can see the meta at least
personally I hate v star so my deck is even older LUL
It is the vstar Pika balloon nonsense?
I remember seeing the Pika balloon one being around as I watched a tourney one dau
I hate the gen 8 cards so much LUL
Time to play some Legacy of the Duelist and chill while watching the stream.
even the meta in gen 7 was better then this crap
You mock it, but I'm getting ever closer to getting 100% of the cards. LuL
Lugia card looks very cool tho
"ive never done intermediate settings" looks at settings oh god no
the most important thing to me with the newer cards is the art anyway
yeah the art looks Hella cool
I made a zombie deck that can summon 3x King of the Skull Servants with 8,000 ATK in a single turn. LuL
gear shuffle locations and progressive turned me off
I dont wanna find boots in volcano
Wait where did you find boots?
oh shit I can pin messages now
Now I won't resub to you
a bald man took my money
I will invest that into keeping my giftsub #1 spot here
Is ESAM the guy from the smash community?
Hes the guy from the mr clean commercial
Yea the mr clean commercial with the ass
Also been thinking about wtf I wanna do for my bday and there's no fgc events around then cause CB is the month after
Would you be down if I just came back to seattle to hangout for like a weekend lol
time to get raven sick again
Was genuinely the worst experience I've had in a long time
and you lived it, tough solider you
And the airport terminal was getting most of their damn escalators messed with so literally only one exit from the terminal was there
And I couldn't find it for a while cause I started my loop on the wrong side
So I was walking around with my shit dying trying to find wherever tf I could leave
Do I go to my local birb shelter to look at the birbs
escalators going to the train for baggage etc
Dude I was fucking baffled on where to go
I just followed every sign that said "go here to leave" and kept going past taped off areas
Like my brain isn't functioning, my left ear hasn't popped so I can't hear, and my throat is gone
almost as far as one could lmao
I'm live around the DC area emerldLUL
Has Goombidious shown his face yet?
Goombidious is now an emote LUL
I have days like that. "Just add water".'
Sushie is the best sushi around
These settings are great for the shops LUL
I can pin his typos now
I'll put the rip in the chat
Junior? I think you mean Swolior.
Power shock if it works will save you
I can't believe it you nailing it
How the hell did you win LMAO
my man mashed his life off monadoMash
Is it time to go swimming
I never knew you can blow up the ice LUL
I see you have brought the Goombidious with you Kappa
Yeah I saw last night Gil made Goombario in a sith emote form as Goombidious LUL
I just got back and still no hammer
can he drill through the air?
seems Goombidious has told you to do it Kappa
Taking it safe means means saving yes?
I love when old men hand me bombs
walls in this game are just a suggestion
does bow even do anything at this point
I got you mixed up with someone who only does the hammer version of it
I'm good how is this randomizer, like whats random about it :D
are game events randomized or is it just items??
only 2hrs late. not bad. how's the seed going?
I droped 30% of my frames KEKW
just ran a quickie speedtest and got .65 mbps which is very not normal
I love thin plumber on my Nintendo of America Inc. Nintendo Sixty Four Video Game Playing Console.
It's going well, how are you!
why does it always seem like ch5 is 7 scale?
can traps kill you at 1 HP?
didn't see how much you had previously
finally took a break at work
aren't you glad you skipped Ch 5 lala
good badges in randomizer? do you know what youre playing, that doesnt happen
with power quake and chapter 1 scaling its basically free
"is it on are also out of my by" Excellent work, bot.
That snowman loves you very much
he likes holding things you want hostage
This looks like it has been a seed
are bloopers and pit kept at normal scale?
3 hours in and no super boots
peace boos xD keep guarding that door
Seeing Mystical Key in inventory is WEIRD
I see that we've made basically no progress in an hour. KEKW
Ah yes, the haunted Goomba village.
Right input? I'm pretty sure that that was a wrong input.
From the looks of it, it dosent seem like this seed has been great lolol.
AHHHHH watt is glitching into mario's face
this seed, uh...looks like it's been annoying.
It's time for the classic Zelda trading questline that will end in a coin
whoa my stream is way behind
would that not unlock another set of rowf
did I misremember how many rounds he has
man boots really are everything for this seed
can jump at the one on the left I think
and more exotic glitches for the others
wait what was the left tree
I think something with cake mix would not sparkle after you've hit it once
but if star piece it doesn't matter anyway
Did you see a cake mix?
How much of 7 have you done?
I noticed ur title said u were doing glitches, I know one of them, but it actually crashes ur game, do u know the "Double dip egg bomb" crash? it happens in a specific fight, I will not say which unless u know it
Was it a cake item in Harry's shop?/does that count as the replenishable cake item?
do u know Stryder7x, he used to upload a ton of glitches and crashes, but he doesn't upload unfortunately anymore
Is it cuz of the drama he's been in?
or the fake goodies holy crap
I love remembering the one corner of the map that has Everything
Everything at least pretending to be important LUL
Backtracking on the Toy Train? Don't see that everyday
the only reason I mentioned "him" was because I wanted to know if u seen some of the glitches he's showcased in his videos.
that's a great place for the letter
nate probably has a few more secret glitches he hasn't posted yet
I will assume that doing the partnerless glitch will force u to do other glitches to skip chapters, cuz most of the time, a lot of scripts fail, like if one cutscene required the partner to change animation sprites or just simply move, the game would crash due to "non-existent" item or object being moved or changed.
oh I forgot when u said hammerless run, I thought u meant that included no partners, but I understand now
Run into the other Goomba YEP
do u know the crash, that if u pick up that letter before it reaches the ground, where the snowman area is at?
Expert peril manip right there YEP
Homie was just trying to take a nap
was Tubba trying to age that tea in the basement or something like wine?
lol I see things are going well
I'm sad I missed most of this how bad was it
Out here trying to be a pole spinner
You already got SSS panels tho?
You went there when you were doing Toad Town panels, you got the letter later
Did you pick up Petunia panel already?
Learning to gamble young, I see
who let that small child onto twitch /jk
Ultra Boots locked behind Ultra Hammer locked behind Super Boots
I got 49 coins in chapter 1 axlsrS
Imagine if that was the Palace Key, though... that would be a TERRIBLE seed
Not if they kill you first Kappa
does gourmet guy has the palace key?
I can make you a cake. Does that count?
Well you know what? I will. So there.
I think anything that uses cake mix count for gourmet guy any responing items like that?
You did remember the lone Ultra Block in sewers, right?
so where was the super boots anyway?
Just got back from locals. Got bodied xD
could it be in bowser's castle, or was that excluded? I know you can opt to not include cell keys in the pool
It is GlUndo - the glorious undoing of all items in the game
Will there be a trip to the spoiler log? Hmm
The twink fight is so useless lol
We love waiting 2 minutes to play the game YEP
but what about the lore? maybe just make Hall Bowser have Final stats and skip this towe part altogether?
What's your PB for all Sanity
Just start Final with Peach Beam 4Head
After losing a World-Record pace run to his mom spilling apple juice on his N64 controller, Morpheus080 heads to his local Incredible Pizza to cool off. During an intense match of Laser Tag, Morpheus080 accidentally slips into the restricted area and stumbles into a web of corruption... Follow Morpheus080 and your favorite Pape runners as they come face-to-face with the darkness when The Paper Mario Chronicles 4: the Big Pizza Conspiracy spins into theaters this February.
After losing a World-Record pace run to his mom spilling apple juice on his N64 controller, Morpheus080 heads to his local Incredible Pizza to cool off. During an intense match of Laser Tag, Morpheus080 accidentally slips into the restricted area and stumbles into a web of corruption... Follow Morpheus080 and your favorite Pape runners as they come face-to-face with the darkness when The Paper Mario Chronicles 4: the Big Pizza Conspiracy spins into theaters this February.
hallway took my life shroom and taught me how to block his fire
and then I failed to block final's fire
It's ok tho run was bad
I will do much better next time :)
not much, playing a bit of pokemon
I'm getting a nice chair for my back
the gl in glundo stands for glgl
yo wendys gave me 20 nuggets and I didnt pay for it
so I'm waiting in line, and there's a man at the teller
Oh and there were two other employees there who know me
the man goes off in a huff and the teller gives a weird look, and glances at the two emplyees
so it's my turn, and I go up to the teller
first thing out of her mouth
"Oh no no, not you, that's what that man said to me"
she wasn't talking to me, she was telling the other employee what the man said to her emerldLUL
I forgor how to use star power
I go to the post office a lot
wanna se my latest itty bitty? emerldLurk
Is this a go fast strim?
sorry Weirdge is just my eternal mood watching glundo
Sup phantom - how are you
Just finished work - good day. Bout to head to the gym in a bit
I'm training for a marathon. It's been hell
does he ask the same questions in each location or do you just have to be prepared for like any of the 64 to happen at any time
oh okay that seems like it would be so hard to keep up with I'm so glad it is that simple lol
LOLgive yourself a pat on the back
Why does that tpad have a heart on her head
I'm glad anti guy is last thing I get to see before I have to leave for class
One of my teachers makes me so mad lolol
thank you for providing a relaxing morning for the one day that I have to be awake at 8
Is that an average amount of Quizmo star pieces for this time in the run? It seems like a good amount so far
Slow go? More like slow goat
How could you forget your berries?!
bake the cake for 60 years
Or however long it takes for the clock to reset
Imagine you throw the whole cake away because you forgot the garnish on top, not even baked into the cake
At least it wasn't too far away to go get
Better than quizmo wasting your time
quizmo being good to you today?
I threw another ch8 run to something silly lmao
upgrade goombario and town use tattle
I think I was on pace for low 1:45 with the safe route and I softlocked fast flood room
I'm so salty bc I didn't have to play it risky and I did anyway lmao
that run had an awful start
make sure to bomb omb before the end of the bush
why don't the yoshi'yoshi's find their own kids? Smh
there kids would have died if no
back to game awards and lurk
not reacting to the game awards? Kappa
We're just goofin round a lil bit
I've been lurking and I see someone got bopped?
yes phantom bopped my glundo pb
I promised ppl I'd run spm hundo at 1k followers pepeMeltdown
funny enough, theres a 205 hour hundo run on the board NiceSoftlock
This part reminded me of dragonball for some reason
I was shiny hunting and found 5 of em in like 4hrs so not bad
2x Sinstea, Forretress, Swablu, and Tarountula
to go with my 3x Spidops, Sudowoodo, and Dr.Toedscool from yesterday lmao
I have found an amazing new sport
So you are going around giving pokeys love for them. Nice
Badges are based on getting them all right?
would someone kindly shoot me in the fuckin face
^ this is a TikTok reference btw lol
How do you not get burnt out from this game after so long? I watch stream pretty consistently and I'd be fried
Yeah I'll watch anything you stream, so go crazy with whatever is in your list
Whats the percent for lullaby to work? 70?
2 dinks is very sad to see regardless :/
why the FUCK's FE Engage already announcing a season pass
but yeah, stream was fun! a dude in the game awards orchestra was going insane
no new trailers for tears of the kingdom, sadly
I'm not buying that Fe Engage
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your run! Hope you've had a great day phanto274Bless
you're this close, might as well
congrats to "Milf Hunter" for winning the Steam Deck giveaway during the game awards
cause what's better than 1 anti guy? 3 anti guys
I didn't know they have you fighting like 3 anti guys here lol
I have very specific knowledge lol
none of the knowledge I have has proven useful yet
I remember catching a shiny storm eagle in pokemon crystal
Got it wrong, gotta ban you then
I have a wife and kids
I'll sacrifice myself to save weegees family
I'm ready to be pivoted for a level 20 lol
yep, time and day is good
why would it ever not be sunday
lol when you go too fast
scarlet and violet is lacking one thing for me. repels
looking at you, flittle and diglet
How did elm get your number
He has tail dont you see it
Protect moves are a fucking godsend for nuzlocke randos
Imagine doing a seed where you stick to the starter lol
replacement would probably be squirt bottle
bike got stuck in a tree?
the bike trick was too cool and got it stuck
Could I interest you in one of the forty different things that my housemate and I baked today?
he decided to be a special attacker
Don't crush Aerodactyl's dreams like that.
@vikihexen i'm up for a baked good
Aero is a special attacker what you mean
It died before I could say hey guys
he didn't like you disrespected his skills
@runeravenfp now you get a second chance
I don't even know what all we baked. There's cookies, more cookies, brownies, fudge, more cookies, ten different things that I can't even begin to pronounce, and a whole slew of other stuff.
Hey guys did you know that in terms of-
@VikiHexen Share some with the rest of chat please
baked goods party at phantoms house
So, when are you going to ask me to marry you, Phantom? KEKW
I hope my prime rando tonight will be more generous with boost ball than last time
also, I checked my settings, currently none of my settings call for no thermal wave beam targets
cut is only good on zoroark in unite
wigglytuff used scary face indeed, good lord that sprite
oh yeah, you get a chance to look at that emerald rogue like yet?
can't find it with a google search
I'm having.. Wait for it.. Flashbacks.
literally the first thing in your likes lol
Im thinking about mounting my monitor to try to fix my posture
we would need at least one more, but that's what egg is for
how are you gonna fill the dex without ultras?
trying out that zelda 1 rogue like
I'ma cut all the things. *Holds up knife(
Do I get to cut Whitney?
@vikihexen you can cut bushes not children
@Garioairio The laws of reality and physics beg to differ.
well, this rogue like certainly is something
so far i've gotten large shield twice, boomerang, a heart container, and bombs
Gooobaro to fit the 7 character limit
despite the abundance of rupees, not a single store in sight
roguelikes usually have an ending though so it has to end sometime
that kid told his story scarily fast
does headbutt have a required use to beat red?
performance enhancing dru-i mean family friendly hp pills :)
I mean there's worse pokemon it could have been
welp, we found the red gyarados ball
Hidden item entrance rando when? phanto274Thonk
could do BW loading zone rando
enter a pokemon center *PTSD piano starts playing*
the fact you have to take notes while playing pok'mon is kinda annoying
makes for great content when you inevitably enter that one house
he got too attached to how tyrogue was and denied the evo
squirtbottle on the otherside of sudo
cubone off to join its mother (i'm so sorry)
flame thrower for some coverage maybe
I love how lance just hyper beams an actual person
Back in the day whej champions had no chill
remember when champions were actually good?
Cynthia was arguably the last champion that put fear in my soul
geeta was... a normal trainer under the guise of a champion
Cynthia even in the remake of diamond and pearl still instills fear as a champion
The champions from gen 5 onward were just chilling like Alder
geeta was, and currently for me is, the worst champion in the series
the league interview to fight the E4 Kappa
I liked when larry showed up
didn't even get the order right
you can get glimmora before area zero
the pre evo is in caves
I saw it a few times during my circuit around the world
I really liked scarlet and violet, but I don't see myself going back to it until dlc drops
meanwhile, i've been playing legends arceus again
yeah, those ruinous were a bitch
felt like trying catch heatran back in the day
heatran took me the better part of 3 days worth of attempts to catch
I do like how you learn about them tho
yeah, I just looked up all the stakes
my prime seed is ready for tonight
fair, but a buddy of mine breeds competitive pokemon, and says it's the easiest he's ever had
oh yeah, apparently the next raid event is tyranitar for scarlet and salamence for violet
I mean, version exclusive if you're doing solo raids
I can just join one of my friends on one, they have violet
It seemed like there was a few violet havers in the pape community so you'll probably have choices
I think that was intended, honestly
I'm missing a lot. I just can't be bothered
a buddy of mine has a living dex, so it's easy there
gulpit? is that like gulpin 2.0?
I wanna figure out how to do metroid dread randomizers
WeeGee couldn't hit someone of the same species
I mean, 90% accuracy is really 50%
lol, did I appear as a random trainer yet?
I saw jcog as a trainer earlier
UPR has a section for it
I see that you have a bunch of HMs, and basically nothing else.
I like to think that drill peck is done using the tail, kinda like ridley
remind me, what's the expn card for
man, viridian forest sure hasn't aged well lol
wow, a badge on a gym leader
alright, I can handle red easy
my power is rising... it's overflowing!
fainted mons keep their x buffs????
Hi, welcome to Arbok's. Can I take your order?
Arby's, they have the meats and for all I care they can keep them
Mach Punch, not Mock Punch. Come on.
@buff00n how kinky are escape ropes
@buff00n Fuck you I type properly idc
sorry I'm late. how's the stream?
I need to fucking uhhhh study the new rf5 shit
tell the marathon to pause your run so you can rando :)
In overtime rigby finished with a pb of 2:20 something and plyd finished a run that wasn't a pb
only 4 runs were completed the entire event lmao
jr 4 capped me, killing any chance of a 2:19 there was
Why does dee jay just have slayers backstep rekka
SF6 is going to be wack
Tekken 8 scares me rn lol
Mans thinks people dont wanna watch tekken rn
HAS HE BEEN TO A TEKKEN CROWD
wow this is really the strat huh?
are you going to get giga drain back?
sure, if you find a sun stone
I don't even remember since it's been...25? years
Welcome to the flightless bird club.
Geez. You don't have whirl islands memorized off by heart?!?
No, I don't think that it is.
It's too accurate to IRL me.
you might evolve into something worse, or do you not have evolutions randomized?
that sounds like some dark type evolution for a slowpoke
What you decide to evolve me into matters.
Lugia was just going for a casual stroll. Stretching its' legs.
No, but really, choose wisely. monkaS
That's for you to figure out.
I'm pretty sure that's complete coverage. KEKW
got a neutral hit for pretty much everything at least
yo Smoochum bout to bop some fools
Sudowoodo challenged you to a battle!
Default ones don't restrict hidden items
Um there are actually more restrictions
But the boat is the most relevant for you here
I can link you the old guide I made for the Tournament stuff
However there are small differences here
And it doesn't take into account hidden and day items
Thinking about learning any new randos?
I was going to ask you if you wanted to do one of these a couple days ago but didn't see you around
Well with gloom it's a bit difficult
I'd have to see what other options there would be
Physical mains are sometimes hard to use
Sometimes you gotta teach a special move
Something to deal with physical bulky pokes
So looking at your hardware box we have the same CPU and GPU, what a coincidence
It's pretty common for me to teach surf or waterfall
Yeah my computer is getting up in years now too but it still works fine
If you ever want someone to race with, feel free to give me a message. I'd be happy to do one with you
Vileplume is slightly more offensive than bellossom iirc
For a run like this I would imagine special attack is better so vileploom?
In general special attackers are better
Well it's more that there are  ore physical bulky Pok'mon.
And that there are too many ways to lower attack/increase def
Less so on the special side
Is vileploom a flower or a mushroom
What a nice thing to smell like
Also is it just me or is vileploom pretty cute
Why is ho oh nerfed LMAO
Actually nerf hooh is just for the top and ruins of alph chamber
You can enter it before hand with easy tin tower
Tin tower is one of the most dense locations
I was abt to say, vileploom beingbase 480 for a final evo isnt great
90 base spdef is also solid
The issue with vileplume is it's slow speed and massive weaknesses
I always get the cry for vileplume confused with aerodactyl
I heard the cry and I went wait a sec
Is the shiny gyaradose randomized stay shiny?
I see that you chose poorly.
blossom would've ohkoed the porygon 2
you won a speed tie and got a roll, we all know it
where do you get the checker for a randomizer? I cant find any
ohhh this is a good site damn
Good Mega Man Xtreme randos today
That was a very relatable picture
Did you bring enough pizza to share?
didnt wanna play but do wanna watch
making up my own commentary in my head LUL
my rng's usually better than that
Odd are low 5 is scaled high too
Biggest thigs to find would be Weight or Odd Key?
what you dont want to see right now is pulse stone
Jcog's chat: Any advice for small streamers? Me: Make a randomizer KEKW
Bow: "Imagine getting invited to my fuckin house"
I like this color for Kooper
Mario's here, so much for my smoke break
I mean ... it subverts expectations, I guess?
1 FP spook????? this run's alright
yo hows it going so far?
I dont think ive ever tried it; what happens when you enter a battle with a ghost partner out?
I'm late seeing this cause phone was dead
my little ASSHOLE of a cat disabled my keyboard. I had to restart my laptop to fix the issue
:x kitty didn't know any better
the d down pound is like tilted on this bowser lol
Idk if ive ever used d down pound
oh, theres a twin there :O
once I used d down pound on general guy, was pretty useful
def not my go to tho
I wonder if this is gonna be a skip the weight seed
have you found last stand/power rush?
Ultra Hammer first would mean no guarantee of Weight at all if you find Laki
Its more that they are new to races
oh and you have laki too
basically, bowser kidnapped peach and mario has to save her
bruh, imagine if you missed that hidden block LUL
wait I missed, where was sushi?
I can never block their posion
I'm seeing a distinct lack of boots tho
@WEEGEE666 its fine, we dont need weight
Ive seen parakerry trapped in the mailbag KEKW
It's always funny when bow is being sold at boo shop
confirmed, gamesbot is Tiger's room mate
25% Sleep actually, Para/Stop are 40
I don't remember the last time I fought lp
It's such a slow fight, too
I was wondering that too but didnnt wanna say anything LUL
game is trolling you for that level up
You can cook a life shroom w the strange leaf
Well at least now you won't have to cook them LUL
so nice to get palace key early
3 items from go mode holy shit
Everything probably here or in 7?
Well, guess we know where we're going next LUL
yeah 2 and 3 isnt bad, 5 doesnt have alot, I like skipping 7 and 6 checks
I'd rather skip 6 than 4
wait, why is red station out of logic?
I mean, Star Stone isn't nothing...
this looks like the freest sub 3 seed
didnt see you get star stone there
guess that's true, the 3:20 I got a few weeks ago was because I had no damage. since all the good badges were in the 2 chapters I skipped
yeah, I went to tubba once, last tubba key was in badge shop that I somehow missed
I once had the 3rd tubba key in its vanilla location, making that play wasn't fun
anywhere else you laki jump besides ch6 2 and 3?
Go mode with no checks past Boo's Portrait or Warehouse Key is nice
I do love to see go mode
Do you have a favorite chapter to play through?
Everytime I feel a seed leading me there early I dread it
makes sense. Im still a mega noob
then you must be loving this :)
The spreadsheet says it should be 3
2 is indeed scaled to 2. Was the damage off? was only half paying attention
If you had unblocked, wouldn't poison have killed you?
I was thinking if he unblocked, poison probably would have killed
Watching NEC grands for soul cal and someone counterpicked an ivy with Voldo
It didn't go very well but it was hype
(Shiver Snowfield - Behind Tree Right): LastStand
top 1% chatter has arrived KEKW
my jcog watch time would be much higher if it was hours I could watch FeelsBadMan
I think my run might've been the fastest ever at log skip tho
yeah, it was still sub 30 even by my split timing lol
anyway I had to bail from stream cause I gotta do work related stuff
gl with glundo :) i'll be back later if you don't get dark koopaed so hard that you turn off stream
I tried turning that highlight on for myself and its just not an option for me SadgeCry
run doesnt start untill all of quizmo is done
Can I do a redemption for what we talked about a while ago. You do a paper Mario seed after reviewing the spoiler log to see how fast you can beat the seed?
Oh darn I don't have enough lul
I got ready to go and the car is broken down lmao
guess I could've kept playing no pw but I already wound down
guess I'll just keep breeding my gay ducks or w/e
hey you didn't make that ditto fuck
It actually was interrupting your picnic to do so
I did get my shiny Sylveon and Umbreon
so I'm going back to the breeding shenanigans
poor Ttar and Salamence in the retirement home
I like Rough Skin too much
14? doing one handed mashing then?
that's about where I am too on one-handed
I get 17 per second ish
that's my top speed though, idk my average lol
I am trying to repopulate the species in paldea
okay, my most played switch game this year was astral chain and that was only because 12 hour challenge OMEGALUL
yeah I don't wanna ko pokemon lmao
my top 3 played switch games this year were 31 14 and 5 hours KEKW
I only played 7 games longer than an hour
I like how I don't have to actively do stuff to produce eggs anymore and how quickly they hatch, but god this would be so boring to stream lol
just sitting in the picnic for 30mins at a time
lemme run prologue ils while the eggs build uip
Im so happy I just saw the bot post a weedMario
not wrong that it's weird lol
four out here making ducks for the world to have
I think I made sure the last box I was open to
so it's an empty box + 2 empties near it
I can still do it rofl
because I had my legend in my party
I haven't killed the legend yet but maybe soon. I'm almost done with my wants and needs
I blew so much money on vitamins
takes time to invest so much into competitive
Yeah All Cards, PB'd by ~4 mins
If only it was the other way around
"if rowf gives me good rng" hits different when it's 1 in 2 or like 1 in 11 instead of 3 in 4
you can't recover from that shit
phantom..... we can help you... just put the glundo down and nobody will get hurt....
time for a Jumpless / hammerless
to keep up with the theme today
when are they gonna add spinless and make us suffer
you have to find the ability to move
bc I ain't doin that shit
start with laki, you have to find the ability to walk and you get around by hopping in and out of the cloud
I figured and you need a little bit after that nonsense
Get prime-subs and viewer on mystrm . store
come back when you're mounting your viewers, dipshit
I've never seen the beginning of a no shoes no hammer
phantom youre in my top 4 watched streamers of 2022 :)
oh yeah how we check that
wait no boot or hammer? oh this is gonna be good
what's the longest you've gone without finding boots or hammer
It should be twitch . tv / recaps / annual as the url
two of my top streamers were pape streamers
I always forget how long I watch some streams
like I;ve watched you for 90 hours I think
Shoutouts to you being my 2nd most watched streamer this year
a lot of it is lurking to be fair
my most watched streamer I've watched for exactly 333 hours but I'm a mod there
It says I have 6 channels I mod but I only know one of them
I'm surprised yours wasn't my top 4
I wonder if they count your own channel as a channel you mod
you know where would the 1st pair of boots be at lool
you can go to twitch . tv / moderator to check your modded channels
but it only says I have 2 modded channels
well you know what they say
If it looks like kooper, smells like kooper, tastes like kooper, you should throw it in the trash
hey at least hes not goombario
there's nothing wrong with kooper lol
but how do I explain kisa to someone who hasnt met him
New Mega Man Battle Network Legacy Collection trailer dropped
hello I was wondering if this is live or a repeat??
this is all fake its in your head
phantom just predicted what all of us would say
Its the same rando every time you just havent noticed
You are no longer barefoot now
these boots are made for jumping, and jumping's what they'll do
one day these boots are gonna jump all over you~
oh where did we get boots, I looked away for one second
this happened to me the last time I did a rando
you didnt even get the item lmao
I guess in the game's own logic you can't do that
there's no way to exit that room without finishing the minigame normally
Power Shock & Shell Shot are 1 FP. Blessed Run
I always thought the trigger was after you beat Tubba Blubba
and sometimes the clubba plays glundo
I thought the trigger was Tubba too
but now I learned something new
I am more elaborate with my lure in glundo
I take him further so it takes him longer to get back where he was
worth noting that you can purchase chill out
so if you really don't wanna explode you can put it on for 5 seconds
It's what I would do in a marathon
when I routed it into reg glitchless I just  took off power bounce for it
t3: power jump / shell shot t4: fight lp if t3 shield
because you need hammer at one point for ch 5
It does challenge the brain for a little
phanto274BLANKIES im a little upset this wasnt my most used emoji
totally just now looked at the tracker, no hammer after an hour? yucky
he's making progress ladies and gentlemen
thats what we like to seeee
you were in my top 4 streams this year EZ
I think I only found you in like june too
This proves that Goombario is useful
@jokehow same, sad he wasn't #1 overall
Imagine she gives away her brother's life in exchange for a toy dolly
good so we avoid that area at all costs
I told you this is a blessed run
Where oh where are 5 coins
True. You have most of the tools for 7.
Oh look. Free life shroom. Thanks, Kammy
I threw him a wild card
Just cus it's glitchless don't mean u can't use them LUL
dope dope well GL! im gonna eat and lurk, gonna do a seed later tonight mister206WonderfulJustice
He has has found the missing one piece
The final piece to the millenium puzzle.
And now, you've become a pharoah
You've become so powerful, you're jump disappeared.
It sounds familiar, I don't know what it is
been awhile you ever got your package?
a game I never ending up beating
Does it include most old consoles?
so these are all games you've never played?
II hated this game as a kid, hope you have a better time than me
what kinda bet did you lose?
This game did have some faults to it but It's a good time for me
I played a lot of this game as a kid I dont remember anything about it tho
yuji naka tried but he couldnt do anything good after sonic
The speedrun for this game is kinda interesting to watch
I learned a few tricks just for the sake of learning them honestly
I did wanna speedrun this but there's a skip that was SUPER hard to learn
You basically needed timing from an enemy to get it everytime
You can also dash with an egg to go faster
been finding crazy luck with lets go, yesterday I caught a chancy, clefable, squirtle, and kadabra LUL
Yea we got some stuff coming my way as well in a few days
This is one of those games that gets progressively harder
My favorite part in the speedrun is the Pirate level
My family bought this game a long time ago and My brother was the one who played it
We lost the original disc. but years later I got it again as a surprise birthday gift
Did you buy a used disc?
OK so it shouldn't have been too pricey then
This is just katamari except I don't feel like I'm on acid
oh yeah my twitch recap came in a week ago and you was in it
you was number 1 and joe was number 2
This game's OST, Artstyle and personality is what made it really good for me!
It's Definitely a gamecube game that's for sure
Yea this game takes some getting used to especially the camera
I played around with xrd jacko last night
I want the command grab in strive please and thank you
Wait you have a GBA player?
Forcefield is also funny but that'd be less busted
Dude I used to have one of those back in the day!
Donkey Kong just wants his happy meal toy
this game took up so much time on my gba
he was so coherent for so long
LUL DK looks funny in this
I've always loved those weird mario language thing
so you technically made the game?
It's a Kingdom hearts Mario game POGGIES
this one is definitely better than the other mario vs donkey kong games
so this is a blend of Mario Vs Donkey Kong GB with a blend of Mario 2 USA
Especially the amiibo one there was on guy that fucked it up
yeah I beat that game and it's fun to Speedrun
does the bot have a fright jar fetish
I didn't know there was a Mario vs DK game on the GBA honestly
I remember the one on the DS
one of the moves I remember was that quick double hand stand flip
Man they really directly ripped everything about the ropes from this game in sunshine lol
there's moves Mario has the game doesn't tell you that really break the game
I mean, the GBA versions of the 2d mario games have voice acting
voice acting was in super mario advance which was a launch title
thats what I was thinking too
why is Mario throwing his merch?
have you played this before? oh not with that reaction KEKW
mini's march again, wasn't that a DSi store game?
Yea mini's march was the one I'm thinking of
march of the minis was the first one wasn't it?
March of Minis is the first one
It was march of the minis, then minis march again, then minis on the move
Found a video of an evil ass gimmick for vgc
I honestly wanna see more of this game lol
Its really good kagi, I played it back in the day
I love my games that have realism
I think you jump when he's reaching out and not press a direction?
missed oportunity that nintendo didnt make mini mario toys
It's so easy to build up lives
this gave me the idea of DK using his animal buddies to stop mario, like rambi, expresso, winky, ect.
Haven you had a bird run into you?
can you triple jump over those spikes?
but you have to get 100% wr
He was just minding his own business.
gotta keep in that raw reaction to the opening cutscenes tho lol
If Yoshi's not safe from Mario, why would anyone else be?
Can I rig the wheel of games
what about for a Tier 3
It's ok, dk gets his revenge in the movie
That guy has a cool hat
I didn't know this game existed until today
reminds me of mario... you have triple jump by any chance?
He got the Mario butt slam
what in the fresh hell did I come back to?
this vod is already muted, i'm sure
just delete the vod after twitch will never know
So whats the goal of this game?
how many drugs did we hit before this game? cause that's how it feels rn
I checked YouTube many vidoes on this game
couple I check had this music also
I'm here for Piglet's Big Game
this game looks so bad but so good at the same time
you've crossed the line with that joke
aww, 2 off from buck bumble
that game is a gem of an n64 game
I think you might be muted
spiked still 1 shot it seems
this is the first boss? wtf?
Yoo Phantom! Hope you've been having a good day phanto274BLANKIES
yeah, MegaMan and Bass ain't a good time
2 is the only one i've beaten. i've tried the others, but didn't have the patience or the desire to beat them
I have beaten multiple of the X games, tho
I don't think I ever beaten a mega man game before
only megaman game I beat without save states is megaman 9
I mostly grow up on mario zelda and resident evil
everyone know says megaman 9 is the hardest
I dont think its true either
like how is that cloud thing fair
I wonder if people have beaten this game hitless
I heard cursed mountain is bad
yall have fun! I got called in to help at work. it's been fun lurking
game looks really dark cant see shit
Who was talking about Megaman and Bass without me
I missed megaman and bass gaming phanto274Facepalm
Apparently it tells enemies you're nearby YEP
Not a fan of the high-pitched noise constantly invading my left ear...
It's pretty subtle, I only hear it bc I'm wearing headphones
Is this a silent hill game
How far would the game make you backtrack? phanto274Thonk
for 8 bucks not too bad
I might play it if I still had my wii
fuck re0 would of been great
Add the wonderswan megaman games to the wheel
I never heard of this game
can you show us the game case?
I feel like I would've seen toys commercials for this
I absolutely should know about this franchise but I can't remember cuz I only watched like 4 animes on toonami as a kid
how the fuck is the c stick gonna mess it up lmao
touch both sticks next time it load
I would be amazed if anything happened
Need to figure out which zoids games they're running as side brackets at majors
okay, I'm finally fuckin out of work
this stream reminds me of Brawl masterpieces
@buff00n how was work? I got a whole wendy's meal at my work
@tacoguy74 had to stay late cuz of "fairness", per usual
whom tf snuck up on you
you can touch anything BUT the C Stick
That's so weird, why would the game prompt you not to touch a controller during a loading screen?
wonder if it is/was a mistranslation
@buff00n Gonna look up zoids japanese playthroughs on youtube
@buff00n not a translation thing, essentially says the same thing in Japanese
put $25 for gas and the pump stopped at $24 and some change. Good guesstimation on my part
I would be down to watch you do this again
cold steel but I know you don't have it
Hm... I wonder if you'd enjoy Vigilante 8 on PS1/N64?
It's a vehicle combat game, and I remember having a lot of fun with it as a kid.
the later stages does shit that I'd expect from a fuckin romhack
It's a little weird to me seeing this game now and realizing they kept the kanji for bomb on the title screen in the US versions
This game not opting for the signature four column bomb explosions was so interesting to me as a kid
Praying Super Bomberman R 2 has this sort of story mode even though it's unlikely
I'd nominate Bomberman Hero for the wheel
you mentioned Ice Man earlier. FUCK Ice Man's stage in MegaMan 1
actually, FUCK MegaMan 1 in general
those fuckin platforms with random patterns and shoot you when you're trying to hop on them while you're over a bottomless pits or spikes
their were figuring stuff out, so I can forgive them.
The game isn't over, he was just going for a swim
There is a decently sized speedrun community for this actually
@buff00n any other nes mega man stages you wanna rant about? get it all off your chest
Hate it when the flying narwhal steals my big gem
@tacoguy74 I like MegaMan 5 a lot. I'd like it more if the Robot Master weapons weren't trash
helps that MM5 might have my favorite soundtrack of the NES games
I like Mega Man 5 because it's the one where they made charge shot absolutely broken
Do you have an everdrive for sega genesis?
Was gonna suggest the Wily Wars fanmade sequel for the wheel when it comes out or the original
Can you hit a bomb into the hole while the platform is up in the air? phanto274Thonk
Oh, I think you were given remote bombs or something.
Pick it up and throw at him?
pb by 2 min so I have a reason to play the category again pls
bluebop is only a bit behind Rigbop
you're playing glitchless, you'll be sad anyways
Why can't he just do fire at the beginning?! LOL
Would definitely save you some time
I see a timer and the word 'glitchless'
Hey Phantom, good luck today phanto274BLANKIES
where are you looking at for time save rn?
you destroyed glundo tho didn't you?
Cheer100 how does giving you a rando seed attualy work do we just give you the seed number or something
tgh beat ironmon recently I think
so where does th run get worse? LUL
I'll use my twitch con badge
Im doing good, trying to mobilize for laundry but that struggle never ends
Its too much to deal with
do you celebrate christmas at all?
pie crust gives me heartburn lol
ah, I was thinking it was like a chicken pot pie adjacent dish
do you need to replace that life shroom?
not the 1st time I seen that happened
I swear I'm the only 1 that hate chapter 6
I hate chapter 2 too LUL
Oh wowie I searched the channel from youtube, didn't expect to see a stream
If you running any% chapter 2 doesn't seam that bad  in ttyd
the only good thing about it is it's short
I gotta go to bed but I followed so hopefully I'll be able to stick around longer next time. Good luck with the run!
I think my 2nd least is I think 6? so much backtracking
I actually like chapter 4 in ttyd
I like the idea of chapter 4
nah, they waiting on me to do that
yeah why did they make you do that??? LU:
now I kinda miss ttyd i've only been doing pape rando
Pape rando is pretty addicting atm tbh
I'm still waiting on the super star saga rando to be more in depth too
yeah it's barely in beta now ^
It's almost functional LUL they biggest issue is battles are very buggy
but man I respect it it's only the one guy
some encounters can crash or softlock you LUL
oops forgot to say hi, so HIIII GL!
It's going to be awhile since it's just 1 person but still I respect the effort
they've opened a few areas now because if they didn't it would have been a painful softlock to fix LUL
It's insanely early tho so keeping that in mind too
guessing quizmo was super well behaved?
that's extreamly tempting but im trying to save up for VIP phanto274Bless
hehe I have my eyes on another redeem PokPikachu
Have you played the Dark Star Version of this game?
Back from my first shift of retail holiday week :)
I want to kill middle aged white people :)
I really hope the bot takes that message because it's an important one
@RuneRavenFP Try holiday delivery. More painful.
I have pizza and a jrpg to play now though so I am going to forget people exist
Sounds like Dark Star is super bloody
Bow is best choice for this boss
Also after fuckin shirokirby got another wr in double 100% for return the dreamland
He got back on and did another run 20 minutes later
He's also really fucking good at the game already
How can the Koopatrols not see Twink?
Also trails of cold steel is back to being really good just the first half of that chapter
Cause they established a character mystery of 2 chars you don't get to see and then do peaceful world building for gaius which was fine
But like I wanted to figure out the shit that was already happening
I'm at 4, I just picked it back up
But then like as soon as the first day ended in chap 3
Was a cool area I just didn't like that they established something with fie and laura before it and then made me wait so long to even acknowledge it lol
Although now Rean got to read yaoi with Emma so it was worth it
I see ch5 was not stonks
I can't see it lol I'm on mobile 360p
I was very worried when it said *takes out lucario* it could've gone way worse
cant believe they never put tom nook in smash
His smash is a soul binding contract
mash those potatoes- I mean buttons
you right, mashed potatoes sound divine right now
who is shepherd and why are you making his pie
oooo I havent had shepard's pie in a while
Ive never had GOOD one tho
my mom makes it very basic, beef corn and mashed potatoes
that beef needs to be seasoned good af or else its mid
you have schnitzel on there??? thats awesome
+41 on your first run in a bit tho seems solid? Also hi glgl
Literally every side character wants to fuck Rean at this point
Look I just did a sidequest to help a girl in the church and now she wants Rean so not my fault
cause pape ain't treating you right
Also in the mnfgc discord we spent like a half hour talking about jrpgs in the guiltygear channel
And someone posted a gio combo in the middle of it so the channel died
gotta check my PB chance for Spelunky 2
@Ohrocks I pass my chance to you
Tilt the cartridge it'll be funny
ah yes i remember that was thinking my headphones died when that happened
I almost never miss a stream that prob why
the 1 year sub badge is nice
we having a good prologue so far?
just playing some metroid fusion rando
beginning is pretty scripted, but once you have sector access, it opens up
After all the hoes Rean's getting Laura just said no to sharing an umbrella >:(
i've found myself playing a lot of am2r rando as well
it's built in and really good!
Are all runs doomed to fail because of Darth Goombidious? That is the question of the ages connHmm connHmm connHmm
I have my doubts each time I see him connHmm
How's everything been phantom and chat? phanto274Smile
Ok Rean had a hot milf flirting with him we're back on a W
@runeravenfp trials of cold steel? Which one? LUL
I did just buy 2-3-4 on the steam sale tho
28 mph wind when I woke up this morning
@runeravenfp it's long as xenobalde chronicles but worth it once you get into the series
I'm over 70 into this one I'm already down for the ride
It's a fun ride especially with the lore
I 100% all 4 cold steel games
I feel like no one knows about CS enough and all the others
I've mostly been playing the randomizer recently, I'd forgotten what it's like to not have always speedy spin
@Trevbonk i also played sky 1 2 and 3 and zero love the series
@Trevbonk my fav game series of all time
@blacktiger51 in terms of long JRPGs those games and xenoblade
@Trevbonk i haven't played xenoblade yet just got my switch this year and my family stole it
@blacktiger51 xenoblade 1 is always a good start or even 3
@Trevbonk I'm gonna start with 1 whenever i pick it up
and prob when i buy another switch lmao
@Trevbonk you hype for trails into reverie next year?
softlocked the seed, time for a new one
@blacktiger51 absolutely the English version along with maybe getting one for Kuro 1
these metroid randos are obsessed with giving me power bombs before regular bombs
@Trevbonk yup hopefully we get kuro 1 before ys 10 in English
That's a normal logic thing weegee  KEKW
I just want them for bomb jump lol
at least until i can get spring ball
@blacktiger51 yep that way we can actually learn the lore and know what's going on
@Trevbonk @RuneRavenFP dub or sub for cold steel?
same dub sounds great in cold steel
@blacktiger51 yep and really hits the spot in all the situations
Actually fascinating, every year around christmas theres a "heat wave" in middle europe
When I woke up at 6am, it was -2 degree Celsius (around 35F?) and right now (1am next day) its 8 degree celsius (46F)
Howdy sir. How goes the runs?
is it because of all the swimming animation in 5?
guess who's aunt got her a $25 Amazon gift card
got a Kanna from Dragon Maid figure
I got a plush of her
I feel like Kanna fans are either a green flag or red flag
cuz the ones who love her platonically are amazing
also omg that art on the splits is adorable
my kitty is asleep on my bed
I can't believe the same people who made FE made this
also flash paper is a real thing
A FE game in Paper Mario style would be amazing
which is close enough to fire
F in the chat for Mario
Is this a story about Mario or is he narrating the story
I do like the idea that you're just a ghost with the whole game
right now i could sleep in literally any position tho
one of my favorite things with fusion rando is that ice beam is a real usable item
ice beam in base is relegated to only on the final boss
do you know the smell of those basic nivea skin care creams?
a friend of mine got a marketing present.. hand sanitizer thats supposed to make your skin smoother
The smell was something between normal sanitizer and this nivea cream
I just got back looks like i didn't miss anything
Hey Phantom, how's the pacing going so far? Is this a glitchless? I missed the title.
I never figured out how to read those split thingies,all I know is that green is usually good
Wait I'm dumb I just looked
in short, rawf needs to cooperate
It's simpler than I thought. Just gotta read the top
whats this game about, never seen it
I did the warehouse wall clip thing in my casual playthrough because of how much I watched randos
saves peach, assuming he doesnt get blocked by a hippo with a badge
Ah yes, the Sky Guy incident
It's the little blue house in toad town
hes a hippo on my watch
who else would lose a calculator
Oh nah it's the easy one where you just spin and hammer the wall
Wish they hadn't gotten rid of the badge system. The desire for innovation often breaks things that didn't need breaking
Uhh 333. I liked the feel of CS. But never played it
I like the look/feel of new paper, but the battles are pointless, which might be THE worst thing you can make "pointless" in an RPG
wdym you can skip fights with inflationable money
I agree with @buff00n why fight in the new paper mario games when u get no xp
my favorite part of newer paper mario games is death by angry toads
Luigi wouldn't do this to us!
CS is very strong in terms of dialogue
I swear to god my ears are losing it, I thought you just asked what i am doing KEKW
yeah i heard "bow", that confused me
@x_the_g00n_x if CS removed the battles, and had you hopping and bopping stuff with jumps and hammer like Super Paper Mario, I think it would've been a much better game
If this run dies to rng buff00n owes me a sub
I'd say color splash may have the best dialogue in the series. I like how the enemies kinda talk mid-battle. I would have preferred old battle system to SPM personally
Imo SPM is kinda overrated. Feels more like a Zelda game than a Mario game in terms of overall aesthetic, it's by no means bad, just not 64.
SPM is cool but I don't like how it plays even as a platformer
And I like TTYD but it's also a bit on the overrated side, given that it's a rough copy of 64.
I'm very picky about platformers though
But I'd say 64 is better
spm wasn't too bad i enjoyed it wouldn't mind doing 1 more playthrough but no wii anymore
64's better cuz look/feel and spin, imo
Flavio was literally just Kolorado with an ego
And that's not the only similarity between 64 and TTYD
the biggest problem i have with ttyd is chapter 7 backtracking
Chapter 3 clubba boss, chapter 1 Goomba helper' uhh I forgot the rest haha
ch4 is at least within it's own chapter
Oh right, stupid emotional power allowing Mario to beat the final boss against all odds (64s made sense though)
chapter 2 fucking dumb ass tree
I remember "beating" ch4 the 1st time thinking "thank goodness that's over!" then realizing "oh, it's not over"
@blacktiger51 ch2 is fine until the bugs make the music worse
I hate punies. Dunno why I just do
punies are nice until you have to deal with them
@buff00n prob better now since i will simply punies glitch
Perhaps because their entire gimmick is being useless and if Mario wasn't such a schmuck he'd just rob them
Oh right, also Chapter 1 Koopa.
I said chapter 1 Goomba helper but I meant prologue
ttyd makes up for ch2 by throwing you into ch3
punies glitch allowed for that right
He gotta stream it for Bowser's Minions
legit told about getting Bowser's Inside Story, but I don't want the 3DS remake cuz I don't like the graphics
Glitz Pit, as someone who hasn't played it
ch3's the best, but ch6 is super fun
ch3 is rng heavy, cause of the fight conditions
I always got stuck in chapter 6 when i was younger
yeah 6 is boring Speedrun wise
luckily it's skipped in most categories
the train at sunset and riverside station songs slapped tho
riverside is also where p-up d-down is
That badge name sucks how can you p up when your d is down
Quite easily, it's all up to RNG
I gotta smirk out of phantom with that stupid joke I'm happy enough with that
When your screen looks kinda dark and depressed, do you tell him "heads up, display"?
suddenly, I could really go for an omelet
If my screen looks depressed it's probably my reflection
lets fucking go we in chapter 2
I don't know if redeeming this does anything but
not with this attitude young sir
I thought that was time, shoulda looked at the time moving haha
Holding B for 6 minutes sounds fun!
I'm assuming that's not great since it's red
Whacka would disagree if you asked him
He's just happy to be there
until you whack 'im with your hammer, yeah
Cult of Whacka is in development, we're gonna migrate to the Pok'mon community to rid of the wooper cult
I don't think anyone realizes how scary Mario is, he can hurl things he has no business being able to carry (such as Bowser), can run at a consistently fast speed, and can jump 3 times his height. Even worse is that he's small, but has enough punch force to smash through a stack of bricks (which is more than a battering ram). If Mario wants you dead, praying may be your only option
Oh yikes that's quite an essay I made there
I don't think anyone realizes how scary Mario is, he can hurl things he has no business being able to carry (such as Bowser), can run at a consistently fast speed, and can jump 3 times his height. Even worse is that he's small, but has enough punch force to smash through a stack of bricks (which is more than a battering ram). If Mario wants you dead, praying may be your only option
I don't think anyone realizes how scary Mario is, he can hurl things he has no business being able to carry (such as Bowser), can run at a consistently fast speed, and can jump 3 times his height. Even worse is that he's small, but has enough punch force to smash through a stack of bricks (which is more than a battering ram). If Mario wants you dead, praying may be your only option
I don't think anyone realizes how scary Mario is, he can hurl things he has no business being able to carry (such as Bowser), can run at a consistently fast speed, and can jump 3 times his height. Even worse is that he's small, but has enough punch force to smash through a stack of bricks (which is more than a battering ram). If Mario wants you dead, praying may be your only option
I don't think anyone realizes how scary Mario is, he can hurl things he has no business being able to carry (such as Bowser), can run at a consistently fast speed, and can jump 3 times his height. Even worse is that he's small, but has enough punch force to smash through a stack of bricks (which is more than a battering ram). If Mario wants you dead, praying may be your only option
@x_the_g00n_x when's Mario visiting my doorstep
I'm saving that one thank you for this
Mario's visiting your doorstep on 6/12/23, 8:41 AM EST.
ew why is there a views thing on twitter now
That is the analytics we choose to never open don't show me that
I don't think much of Elon Musk but if he's contributing to the downfall of that cesspool, I can respect it
I don't want to see how many people pass over my posts
@x_the_g00n_x they hated Goon, cuz Goon told the truth
'I would rather die standing than live kneeling' -Veggietales Facts
More people saw me post Gato 2c than they did my last ToD combo
love how Mario can have lightning in his pocket
I was under the impression this was all you ran, not gonna lie
I mean that seems to be the current focus
I think I'm gonna do a paper Mario randomizer soon, after I beat the base game once
random question, could you have parakerry to that key?
Aight I'm gonna get ready to sleep, good luck with the run!
Omg I'm so used to the randomizers that I forget that there are peach cutscenes too lol
the bot called me a weird trigger
Idk how to feel about this
the grand american wheat fields :)
i'm not even in the worst of it
it's much colder in like minnesota
I got to stay home from work today
I fuckin called off today and tomorrow cuz FUCK driving in these conditions
Cause the roads are absolute dogshit
I see you've procured another one
phantom5800: i cant wait to die
mx_four: phantom5800: i cant wait to die
I grabbed food, alcohol and " DRUGS " . I'm big chillin' this weekend
I remember when i bopped bluebob and that was my pb for like 3 months
you only lost like 2-3 seconds
yknow ive always wondered if tubba actually chases you down gusty gulch
my room is the coldest in the house
I think it might be in the low 50s
I do like cold don't get me wrong but this is a lot
my floor is cold but otherwise im chillin
oh man i forgot i had a space heater
time to play the temp management game
It's gonna get down to 8F on Saturday
idk how you live like this
personally, I think unnecessary encounters are slow idk why
another hot take: I think timeloss is bad
"Timeloss is good actually" - a TERF, probably
But in seriousness I hope my bird friends make it through the cold monadoS
Sup phantom - good luck on the run
Yeah that was so weird last time
last time that happened to me i game overed and won the race
I think most people these days do it on the third
I think back in the day first was more common
I used to do it on the fourth audio thingyt
I switched off of that timing when i moved to autosplitter tho
I think the real play is to just not split on gourmet guy
3rd one just makes sense for that reason
I feel like my ch4 split is long enough
I did it for rac and it helped my mentality immensely lmfao
and can vary by like 14s for no reason
I cared so much less about the mistakes
phantom, I bought another rubiks cube
ch4 is fun tho the rooms kinda feel fast after gourmet guy
its black, your rub it and the heat makes the color show, then you solve it before it turns back LUL
you cant have it, its mine!
my power strip had a surge bc of the space heater
are you getting beach repel now?
lmao the space heater being on fucks up my monitor's display
I guess im not playing pape until the cold goes away
im not speedrunning in winter getup lmao
I have a heated blanket but the heating component no longer works
it's far less effective than the heater
I think I'd eventually like to try a weighted blanket
weighted blankets are super worth imo
its like being back in the womb
take me back inside my progenitor
@jokehow you outta pocket for that one
im gonna assume that translates to "THI Koopa race"
this is only 2 and a halfish minutes behind my low 3:43
didnt you recently get your first 1:01 ch2
it bugged on me on the final boss, but i'm counting it as a win
not a fan of the "views" on Twitter. I keep clicking on that when I mean to click retweet
Nature's mashing the Hell outta Hurricane in my area rn
Is it good or bad that I've never been to Olive Garden
I recall my mum and brother just going there w/o me for some reason
didn't even bring me any food back
Ive always wondered how you mash so damn fast
How has the run been treating you
"I think you can read" PFFFFFFFFFFFFFFT
Also the green times confuse me
it is actually Mike. Thanks for the content. I found your Rando videos and never miss them.
I dont even really read in English, its always on audio books.
so, everyone just listens to that during class????
Like we have the book but we listen to someone else read it
this is exactly why I said no one reads
I'm used to the entire class taking turns reading aloud through the book
I did that in middle school
that shit used to put me to sleep, guaranteed
Damn bowser bitch slapped star man
flicked his lil' ass out the window
I was 1000000% thinking that you were about to Homeward Shroom
transportation issue? just homeward shroom back
Cheeto: "if you're gonna demolish my fuckin wall, you could at least BUY something"
unironically, I think that's my most hated section of Paper Mario
just fly to the front door
Esam is a glitchless wr holder
I cant wait for cannon jumps
okay, Discord on desktop just, fuckin refuses to open for some reason
sorry im allergic to god gameplay
force stop in task manager and re open it mine does that sometimes
me when im a coin on the groud
me when im on defrickin ground
that bitch just decided he didn't have a projectile
timmy knew what he was doing
I think that one is from going up right to the block too quickly
Surely a glitchless expert will correct me
The one where he goes straight left right
so you're bopping sway next run right
Mario drinks entire glasses or Syrup and consumes whole ass containers of jelly
does your gold still have no 2 turn in it
Bowser hates Phantom as much as he hates Mario. Change my mind.
I was getting ready to fire up pape
I guess I can rest a bit longer
Those 5 dollars saved rigby's mental health
I gotta fire up the pape
where the flying fuck was that on hallway
kazamsCatglubhappy spam kazamsCatglubhappy this kazamsCatglubhappy cat kazamsCatglubhappy to kazamsCatglubhappy make kazamsCatglubhappy the kazamsCatglubhappy pb kazamsCatglubhappy fat kazamsCatglubhappy
kazamsCatglubhappy spam  kazamsCatglubhappy  this  kazamsCatglubhappy  cat  kazamsCatglubhappy  to  kazamsCatglubhappy  make  kazamsCatglubhappy  the  kazamsCatglubhappy  pb  kazamsCatglubhappy  fat  kazamsCatglubhappy
you have the blopez blessing you can win now
I can't believe what i just watched
now we hold b for 6 minutes
needed double cloud 9 for the bop holy shit
@mx_four This is why you won
Now we get the most important split
and everyone still in Bowser's Castle fuckin DIED
that 6 cap on the charged bounce sure helped make up for missing parakarry damage
bowser was trying to fuck you again and laki said no bowser you the one getting fucked up
basically a minute from encounters once you add in that horrendous coin lag from the bullet
Rand Marks from Breath of Fire 2
b*wser's dog ate the script and he forgot his lines
Bowser decided to be a homie, I guess
since bowser took items that mean you was just dead if he hit you right?
I will sit in a call with you while I play my 4 jrpg's while you do the boring shit
Bowser was throwing you a bone after hallway bowser
He boned you then threw you a bone
the parakarry fight barely kills bowser in pretty much every realistic scenario
@RuneRavenFP how many fuckin jrpgs do you need to play
I bought cs 2 3 and 4
yeah i don't blame you, having the option for it is nice
I'm somewhat nearing the end of the first one
2 chapters left after my current one I think
your charged bounce did 15 extra damage than expected lmao
I still gotta play cs 3 and 4
@RuneRavenFP what chapter u in now?
3/4 and 3/3 with parakarry pretty much is death
@Rigby234 get to playing 3 and 4
glad to have been here for sub 350!
the top times of this category got even more stacked tonight
order that pizza you earned it
I hope it's a refreshing seed
do whatever, I'll be here for it cuz I ain't go fuckin anywhere
I'm trapped due to weather tomorrow
yo i was watching from my bed cause it's cold as fucking fuck but gg and ty for the gift sub pallos Pog
buff00n, learn how to fuckin type challenge, failed successfully
I shoulda brought a portable heater
I feel ya, neko. -30C where i'm at
yeah thats pretty much what I'm looking at now
i'm live in 45 minutes lol
I moght go live soon but not soon enough
i'd go live if i had any idea what i wanted to do
I volunteer lopez to go live rn
but ye, my stream is gonna be shadows over loathing
reminder that it is -4 here :)
-27 if you consider the wind chill
the black mages are fuckin t-posing
I could've been driving home from work in that, right now
Damn this games got a long ass credits
it was 84 outside when i got home
morpheus080: message deleted by a moderator.
f but they're basically the same thing around those numbers lol
yeah, i think it's about the same for me rn
@morpheus080 take an ice bath/shower, then step in front of the AC
I was here last night and i was tired all right mightve fallen asleep to this haha
I woke up in time :)
not that its boring or anything its super entertaining actually
the cold has actually put me to sleep
really love the streams theyre very entertaining
woke up after a 2 hour of sleep
Yo! Bit busy tonight but thought I'd drop in to wish you luck
and im planning on watching a lot more
but I'll be alert for a bit
so how this seed start off. was it a jumpless seed?
Oh look it's our old friend goombario
or this is crazier that started you off at ch 2
Starting outside of Toad Town is a nice change
may i ask how you got mods in the game?
really wanna try some mods out
how do you put mods in the game tho
u suffer on pj64 and its not too bad
I was so surprised to see this
I'll be sure to look into mods after finishing my current run
I had to do a double take lolol
Now you can play the game
Hey phantom - I have enough channel points to redeem a short speed run. Does my idea of you getting the spoiler log for a rando seed count?
wait so what do you play on again
yeah i might have to emulate then
hard thing is to get the rom tho right?
whacka doesn't get a break here
What about the one that gave you life shrooms?
Too good to be true lol
They should make that Homeward takes you to Toad Town once you arrive
@bmaick where's the fun in that?
gotta refrain for homeward shrooming lol
@Pallos7 Make cat is named cheeto
lol, you're fighting the reflex to homeward shroom, aren't you?
he get motion sickness VERY easily
@buff00n Mario can do the BLJ don't think he gets motion sickness when he can travel at light speed
known issue. traps can knock you into intangibility until a menu is opened or mao changed
" known issue " that's the new one
for a second I thought I put in enemies couldn't be first strike kappa
yay, you can make HS not suck now
"Ah Pipes" - Mario during his plumbing days
goombario obtained you can stop playing now
What's that pipe in the finning of that room for? By castle
Damn traps must be set to HIGH lol
it showed up 4 days early
Wait why did Homeward shroom take you to DDO?
aww damn, its not compatible with transfer paks
Ah gotcha, didn't know that was a setting too
incase you get sick in the middle of the night
it comes with circle foam around the stick, I'll hold on to that when im not using it
is this the famous 11th place glitchless gamer phantom fifty eight hundred?
hot XXX blooper action *click here*
you won't believe what blooper can do with all those tentacles
you wanna do what with sushi?
c h e a t e r
MmM.. Upgrade your channel on rebrand. ly/lolz69
all the viewers have been mounted
@Rigby234 I assure you, I've not been mounted.
literally single worst enemy in the game, that specific pyro guy
idk, the beach fuzzy Is up there
oh sushiiiii where art thou fishy fish?
its been a whileee since ive seen dojo fights
just the X5, cause i don't mind the reset to save thing
Wait bootsless start makes it so you can't jump in the overworld either? LOL
I figured it'd just be for battle
bootless start is very fun Kappa
Or does that count as a jump
tell him about the zip line in chapter 5
I've grabbed those from weird spots
you didnt check the bubble berry i think you got it in tubba
not sure tho mightve been my eyes bugging
3rd time today my fucking power went out this snowstorm sucks
ive never seen that is that a modded thing
I was gonna suggest bow, but if you like watt go for it
and its impossible to say no to that, gotta have the dash
well thats not like... super bad lol
it was good, got WR with a ton of mistakes, so that means my new route works xD
dude huge gz on WR tho
Its like finding 11 hidden items and it takes forever lol
oh yes please do, I wanna do a league so bad
well let me know if you read it! im gonna lurk for the rest of this and make some dinner, GL dude, I swear everytime I watch you do a seed I learn somthing that saves me a ton of time lol
the ice songtrack is such a banger
The C on that hammer stands for Cool
No it stands for cringe Sadge
Why'd you take that shy guys tape
That porn is all he had to occupy himself on that island
ohhh i just noticed this has everything haha
Why do radio it's not there kappa
I cannot sleep and i wake up at 11
every portuguese drinks like 4 shots of espresso so im on a high rn
today ive had 2 doubles and a single
but what if star stone behimd 4th ruins key
100% a real key think you should go back and get it Kappa
that panel might be your star stone
I figure my ever drive will probably get here in january
as long as putin doesn't decide he needs the ever drive more than i do
Looks like crazy weather for Christmas morning here in Florida. Partly sunny with a 60 percent chance of raining iguanas. When it drops below 45 degrees they can fall out of trees due to immobilization. Cheer100
sounds like florida is having a good time
oh yeah, axl, i'm getting an everdrive, finally
too bad it wasn't master 3
title for youtube video. "Dojo go mode"
Why doesn't the star spirit have a reflection?
I blinked and Bowser was dead
Is it possible to power shock final bowser lol
good thing you got early super hammer
normal blooper is XXX then?
ooh Mario Land 2: Wario Jacked My Fuckin Mansion
suddenly, I was miserable today. So I understand your situation
weird question, if "phantom" didn't fit in the Name entry, what would you opt for
I'm not a "family" kinda person. Not anymore.
been awhile since you did a pokemon rando
pull a bike out of a tree
you could always run some elite smash :tf:
I played ult for the first time in like 6 months and thats enough for a year i think
gimme a sec, I'll be at my computer in a sec
I am now broke on channel points
im 10k away but i might just hoard my points anyways plupHmm
he didn't icy wind, as you asked
Yeah clefable is uh.. a choice
this pkmn just like me, fr
I did my first seed in weeks yesterday, plainbadge was on mt moon with 2 badges behind strength checks
maybe this will be another seed where u don't get fly
I just watched a seed where they got fly after E4 from Elm, and bike was on Mt. Silver
Hope your holidays were good btw
I was at my parents who also live in town for two hours then came home. That was Christmas.
if/when I move outta state, I'm not sure if my family will ever hear from me again
flareon is definitely one of the eeveelutions to get
I'm eating cashews right now. Did you know that cashews are actually beans and not nuts
Sounds like the Speedchoice update is a long ways out. I really want bike indoors..
Yeah one of the guys working on it was in Keiz's chat talking about it
I also noticed keiz removed the bike music somehow?
how'd you remove items from your emotracker
Flareon using ancient power on a growlithe
this is not paper mario but you a good one so i gotta be here for you
Cool thanks, I'll check it out
I see you opted to keep pokedex
now open the pokedex and find the ~real~ blissey grind spot
random trainer pls use water gun
Starmie is one of my fav mains in this
mega lucario is a terrakion with the starmie strapped to its back
pull up the video with the shovel
I played through zero 1 yesterday, wasn't too bad besides copy x at the end
Search for "strawberry fish bait" to see how much magikarps love it
yeah i'm sure the gba version will feel much different than the collection but that's all i have rn lol
gotta make notes about all of the rng manips when i get a chance
yeah i'll have to do something about the controller
oh i don't have that controller
I have the classic controller with no prongs
I just use a pc controller that looks like  a xbox 360 controller to play 2d games
might look into that now, i forgot that controller existed
cuz otherwise i only have snes and dualshocks
the d pad on those are just so tiny
Cut maze is nice but getting out without fly sucks
you could route in dark cave on the way to elm too
I never know when to backtrack.. I always wait for surf and then regret it
backtracking from the other two are worse than this one
so I feel like this is the play
Wow that could not have worked out better, nice play
Wait I did say that LUL
I think all the eeveelutions learn bite at 30
wow that jerk couldn't even be bother to look at you
yo twitch loaded on the first try
I'm going to react with a pogchamp on their dumbass menu now
When I was watching morph last night it just stopped working while I had it on and didn't work again for like 5 loads
@RuneRavenFP did you like the ending to cold steel?
Idk how to talk about it without spoilers but the ending was lit
ah the pain of finding clear bell or rainbow wing
Yeah at least you beat Morty, I typically skip him until pretty late
That's why it's painful to me LUL
I skip as many gyms as humanly possible. And I usually regret it
There are quick gyms like Pryce and Janine that are more worth it tho.
Sabrina, Blue, and Blaine but they only have 1 check
Blue isn't that fast tho, but worth the XP
oh yeah card key behind basement key is like the worst thing ever
So I hope you don't have that
I have finished building the lego BD-1 already
Doing all the fights in basement is the woooooorst
the holy trinity happens once in a blue moon, too
@klink06 Fireball was a dark time in my life. And that's saying something.
@buff00n lmao, same. I can't do anything cinnamon anymore because of it.
If I gift a sub will you timeout buff00n
now you have to remod buf00n tho
We even had a bottle of hand sanitizer right there as a comparison
It was the same exact thing
It is the only alcohol I know of that both jibca and jesse will reject
And them bitches are fine with anything
to feed it's young, what else?
Sounds like some sort of whack moonshine
Heading to dinner, TTYL and GL
He told me to free him so I gave him 10 more
he then called me a harlot swine
I didn't know swines got around like that
oh hey the kirby runner I've been watching just did a run for RTA in japan
I just noticed, no names this time
Yo the bot wants you to play windwaker
@RuneRavenFP B I T C H
I thought that and didn't feel like typing it
to this day i still believe surge's gym to be the worst in any game
I just got back what is going on in here lol
play cold steel when u hit 1000 subs on youtube
lttp would be easier, i think, mostly cause shorter
lttp is easy enough. the map tracker on emotracker works wonders
Im absolute garbage at wind waker lol
ok fine oot all sanity full Entrance and overworld rando
hey my 1st oot rando was that
Most I've ever done for WW is dungeon entrance rando
just got stuck for a couple hours cuz i forgot a check but hey
God I always forget how ass it is to get into if it's not HD
the check was the song to warp to the temple of time
All he does is lurk but if he gets timed out it's the end of the world
Hey Phantom! Hope you had a nice Christmas, and good luck phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Bless
Buff00n will get none of the baddies
lots of stock for red, at least
just got schooled in MM, next pb will be free except when it's not
learned how to actually make gbt boss key skip work and how to superswim
I've superswam a few times in another game
yeah apparently every time i was voiding out in gbt, it's cuz my camera was fucked up
I had the right idea with the swims but the camera made it not work lol
yeah it probably can, thankfully you gim right before it
only water related maneuver i can do is gravity jump in super metroid
I also looked into wii classic controller pro, the pricing on these is very good and fair
it having those handles compared to a snes controller is so worth
Classic controller pro is great. would recommend, Morph
so you can see all the fingerprints, I guess
yeah buff00n, i just have the regular classic controller without the handles
the og classic controller used to slip outta my hands
it was good for me as a kid but the pro is definitely the way to go now
I didn't even know that the pro was a thing until a few years ago
there's so many mandatory trainers in gen 1
I have golden eye on the wii
damn, Cley's your rival AND a gym leader? Cley gets the money
( .... do Gym Leaders get paid???? )
this is reminding me of how barren this area is in g/s
I love how viridian forest is basically nothing in gen 2
I never had crystal growing up, only gold
so i was weirded out by this area when i saw later on
HGSS definitely is the better version of gen 2, but there's something about GBC i love
and kanto for HGSS is actually kanto
once you look past the feat of putting two regions on the cart, it's kinda meh
the only reason kanto is there is cause iwata made it work
It would be cool if the 2nd region was fun to play
yeah raven, good idea, not so great execution
it be cooler if HGSS actually fixed the issues with Kanto
of course, nowadays, gamefreak has forgotten how to optimize
yeah, what's the one game that they made that toby fox did the entire soundtrack for? little town hero wasn't it?
the game literally everyone forgot after it came out
oh, i know what you could do for 1k subs on youtube. DK64 rando lol
I would speedrun that game before playing it casually
that would be very interesting to watch lmao
yeah i had never watched it until he played it
the sequence breaking in it is really funny
I think that's cause some of multiplayer is locked behind progression?
ye, cause the multiplayer games in banjo-tooie were the minigames in the main game
if elite 4, is bad seed
it's beginning to look like elite 4 might have something
oh speaking of, you skipped chairman check when you flew after S.S.
that's the rule of pokemon right there. one more tile left? wild encounter
Ah yeah you went back for trees? Like north of goldenrod and mahogany?
did you skip Kimono like I always do?
I missed Chuck's wife once, and secretpotion dude
Well then I think you're good, it's gotta be E4 and Rival 6 right?
man, mt moon just being a single room
That'll be a new one for me
me when i'm running from area to area in lttp
Yup I really can't think of anything else
doesnt the old couple at the day care give you something?
I was gonna do a seed tonight, but based on the ones I've seen today I might hold off
Reacted to that with a PogChamp
He would never know I thought it was PogChamp without that
Nothin' like suckin on a miltank to end the day
Moomoo milk is like a thing they drink in the anime it's not just pokemon
I wonder if one day they'll make an anime episode where whoever the protag is just starts slurping on a miltank
does laki finally have a color?
that's evil quizmo don't trust him
WeHateGoombario phantom why is this emote here
wait does hit outfit change everytime?
gonna warn red but he was the red koopa :D
having an extra day off of work is making it hard for me to go back to work tomorrow. l0l. ugh.
The seed wants you to play glundo
he prob tip and fall into shit
the anticipation is already killing me. phanto274Lurk phanto274Lurk phanto274Rage phanto274Rage
I was just typing that to tell you. lol
Runeys do make things less fun
and hi to you too bot
no more messing with red and blue?
I just got back does laki have a color?
ok maybe you should be rolling the rece seed every sunday
I think mario lost his boots in the  desert
does this mean goombario have a new color i think you should look for him phanto274Hype
you could just go beat chapter 7
Damn they nerfed a master quartz I loved in this game
It was dumb tho so I understand lol
Oh wait no I'm dumb they just changed how it's written
It gives a ratio in 1 in this it gave percent and it looked like it lowered but I also forgot it's only level 2 when I get it here lol
You explained it a few times in that run lol
I remember you explaining it like 5m hours in when I was just labbing rf
How to say "commenting before watching" without saying it
where did that m come from
oh no 10 adds in a row
I feel that ads have only gotten worse over time.
I saw Shaq talking about pizza
I try not to pay attention to the ads. It's basically him playing a whole family. I have only learned to hate advertisements no matter what they are.
when i get adds i usually just mute the stream and watch some of a youtube vid some streamers i watch like to play 10 adds in a row
hows the run so far? chapter 1 scaled 7?
oh man I got the points to do a rando seed phanto274Smile
bombette is so red you can barely see her eyes
playing the latest smash remix 64 and they have momentos in this
its wild listening to Last Surprise on N64 LUL
just noticed mario's outfit keeps changing colours per room haha
hey hey! how's it going :D
yo? i can finally live out the conker and pikachu cut cutscene LMAO
I see white and gold Kappa
I realize you are in go mode
the stars decided to align today
How does one route something that is randomized?
which one is the optimal choice
I love that Mario is changing his clothes every load
oh hey Rip Cheato got some new colors
im late to this rando but gl again
when will they make this room the JP room so we can puzzle skip
hopefully soon that puzzle too hard
wake me up when we at bowser
Where do the seeds end? Do you have to beat bowser or just get to star city?
Going through all of Bowser's stuff is a bit rough for a randomizer.
You can get through Final Bowser if you got the tools really
it might be slow but you typically can
Yall if I had found Ultra boots in Star Haven Shop I would have been salty one seed
They start you in a different spot and skip a bunch of stuff. That makes more sense to me know.
@morpheus080 Wouldn't be pape without it
That's what I was thinking. It'd be wild to not skip all this in a rando, since there are no checks@like in Ganon's Tower in the Ocarina of Time randos.
this level up might determine a good amount of how this ending is gonna go
hallway and ck are actually the worst
hallway spams shield too in most scenarios, it's more annoying than difficult
when's dizzy shell just for hallway lowkey
power bounce is just way too good to not have
figuring out final with this kind of set up is fun, it's just everything before is gonna suck usually lol
Final Bowser about to give you a break
all of the good stuff was in crystal palace
glitchless fight is too good to set up for final
quick change carrying this set up to victory
no d down jump is rough here
every time i'm like, yeah, this is a good spot to gamble, i remember no life shroom lmfao
yeah this whole phase is scary
This is so rough with your badges
have they figured out a way to kill that
it took a lot of back and forth to get ch8 shortened as it is
It should end once you get the last star spirit.
Bowser fight is the best thing
and a mandatory quiz that was actually different from vanilla
GET THAT DOOR OUT OF HERE
it had questions that weren't in vanilla, it was the worst part of the rando
it was very funny the first time
I will only do Shortened if I had to
Now do more of them claws Bowser
my 1st rando i did it had short bowser castle  it was a mistake it was ass
oh don't worry its always on boss rush now lol
woke up just in time to say gg.
it looks like a pb still
oh god the emote doesn't work on the pin
Imagine not being able to just hold a button for a speedgame
1 is my mash key for rune factory
Next to my menu buttons so it makes Eliza glitch easier
Also reminds me I need to find item swapping to my mouse so I can do swing cancels better
Cause I can't currently move the camera while I do it
Cause I have to use arrow keys and hit F and that's both my hands
They uh found a way to sequence break
Not heavily but we can wrong warp to cutscene triggers that aren't supposed to be there lol
I figured when the map glitch was found that it'd get more broken with time
We got 2 jp players devoted to busting open the game now lol
One doesn't run but he finds 90% of our shit
I should actually go live at somepoint I've been in the mood for runs
never actually seen this game before
headbash turtwig. turtwig is now your friend
knock me out, now I'm your friend
tanks controls, you say. best kind of controls /s
why is waking up the most difficult chore?
Waking up became easier when I realized that if I got up I could play trails
Hai hai. Missed you and your streams.
Well yeah but I was busy for the Holidays.
Hey bot, I need some words of wisdumb.
Guess it's time to play Paper Mario rando. : D
Oh yea it's wednesday so I assume dnd night
good luck phantom, it's been a minute
I think? that my D&D/Pathfinder 2e game is actually happening tonight. So, that's nice.
did you see the roll pasta in komaris discord?
Hope you get top 10 gl
Hope you get top 9 gl
Hope you get top 8 gl
At least park 2 had the dragons
i'd love to see it again
yea you gotta play park 2 then we can race all friends :)
I also wanna see you play buck bumble, but ya know
Excuse me the category is called pikachu's buddy buddy roundup
For 2 I think buddy buddy roundup applies
Congrats. You've been demoted to 360p so that I can better play Evil Genius 2 in the background.
ik I'm new here but why do I find it funny that people Speedrun the game about Pikachu making friends
that's even funnier that mainline games sometimes get beat by this in leaderboards
I'm glad it's long from a casual standpoint
I finally beat a mainline pokemon game in more than 3 days I beat it in a month
So ik it's off topic but have you gotten any shinies?
It makes me feel bad when I just caught a shiny slither wing yesterday
Oh I heard the competitive scene is now kinda just Murkrow vs Murkrow
I love the idea of playing a game with a single mon and them just going "yea we're all your homies now" like they're the species overlord
I just got back looks like i miss alot
I have never seen this game before
piplup is my son let him speak
it's chatter is definitely a curse word
Bulbasaurs are really daring and dashing until they meet a heracross that wants some BULB
Ah, the mankey quick kill.... A forbidden speedrun technique only know by pokemon masters....
This oddish model looks better than the LgPE one
this entire game looks like ScVi
I think you can beat it in an 1hr or 1hr  30 mins
I don't like discs becasue you can scratch them easily
I maybe  be back in 10 or 15 mins or not comeback
I'm afraid to ask this if I jinx it, but what are the time saves you're hoping for dub?
This pace pal doesn't know whether to click off or not
what made you decide to pick up the game again btw?
Roll IS the best Navi chip in the battle network series. As somebody who goes full bore with every encounter, I can't be bothered to use healing chips. Instead, Roll allows me to to attack AND heal at the same time, applying pressure to viruses and bosses alike. Not only that, but later versions of the chip allow you get get multiple hits (THREE!) which becomes even stronger with combo chips like Atk +10. Additionally time stops while Roll is active, which means enemies cannot attack! Cheer100
I ranted about capcom highlighting the cannon chip. Like they could pick any badass chip to highlight like prism, varsword, ect. but they picked cannon, so Golden wrote that pasta lmao
YEAH kick their ass, remind them who's on top
I mean, respectfully lower your time
Hey Phantom! Good luck on the run! ariasy1Hihi
As a wise man once said. Quag ariasy1Seemsdeece
I'm always intrigued by routing decisions, but after Pelipper?! It's that late?
do you even upgrade anything else other than dash?
I have a netflix pokemon pitch idea for their animation
Pokemon but the director is tim burton and it is stop motion
I want to see him creating new pokemon
does anyone remember those claymation pokemon cards
I loved those as a kid imo
"lose 30 years of your life"
So it's not like a massive timesave?
Sounds tedious, but kinda fun too!
You should do a stream where you ask a ai to make new pokemon and see what it creates
oh ok I am not forcing you to do it
I never understood why Pokemon spin offs have banger soundtracks ariasy1Seemsdeece
Would it be funny if adam sandler made a pokemon movie?
But that's because sandler hasn't been funny in years
I mean his old movies where funny, does he make any new movies
I heard Uncut gems was good but it's not a comedy I think?
He's genuinely a good comedian, well maybe I won't go that far'WAS a good comedian, but his movies were always hit or miss
I want sequels to happy gilmore
Speaking of comedy, Wednesday is for some reason listed as comedy, there are no jokes in the show
Oh good news Idenitfy, Sandler pitched an idea for Happy Gilmore 2
I wish pitching to big networks like netflix was easier
If it were easy anyone would do it haha! ariasy1Embarassed
It will be better because we can hear more of the fans
Froslass was my first. She gave me the cold shoulder ariasy1Hehe
Man I love retro only wish stuff like  ds, gameboy,  3ds, and gameboy color were affortablr
Sucks, cuz I love Rhyperior as a pokemon
Also virtual console is great for many gameboy games!
I first played Minish Cap on my Wii U XD
bro freakking pokemon black is 300
around or 100 or 50 I don't know
Although I doubt a JP copy is worth nearly as much
I have White 2 in eng. But most of my games are jp.
I am sadly going to switch to playstation because for more mature even though nintnedo has mature but playstation has more mature
Would it be cool if pokemon was on playstation
Honestly I think Nintendo has a pretty good mature game scene especially with indie games and the like
And these days if it comes to Ps or Xbox it usually comes to switch as well
ps5 is expensive that is why i am going to get ps4
these scalpers has bots to get a playstation in 5 seconds
If you wait for next year PS5 should be much cheaper
I found some people to but my switch though
I'm gonna see if I can't get one during golden week
I hate that too! Steam has been my friend in that regard, but even Pokepark was $50 at launch ariasy1Embarassed
I wish nitnedo was making stronger consles
Well they are working on one, switch is in its twilight years
Very true, market wise, releasing a new console next year would be catastrophic
Duskull literally said 'I don't have time for that'
I want a consle where nitnedo, xbox, and playstation collab
we get all the games we want
xbox and nitnedo are collabing but playstation will make it 10x better
Yeah, I've never been a fan of Microsoft's business tactics
microsft is on hardware now days
The day they buy Activision for free is the day I no longer buy activision
If they buy everything they still need to put it out for playstation and nitnedo because the majory of the money
in CANDA It is 120 dollars per year
Look what they did to my boy banjo
can we just be friends and collab
I mean.. If Microsoft buys Activision.. Think they'll at least fire all of the creeps?
Cuz Microsoft doesn't wanna waste resources on personnel
Couldn't they crack down on the allegations and claims?
I do like that they kept things on PC, but still, it pains me sometimes to look at some of these mergers ariasy1Chill
Don't you know that Nintendo needs to establish exactly 666 different studios?
Why take a risk on something new when you can just buy something that aready works 4Head
or making games that weren't mega broken on release + fixed with release day patches and dlc /coughcough
It's one of the primary reasons I love the indie scene ariasy1Excite
@YamiKuroya You leave CD Projekt Red out of this. KEKW
Halo never stood a chance ariasy1Chill
Microsoft has historically kinda killed whatever they buy...
Just buy them all out. 5head
Literally exact opposite of Nintendo LUL
Cyberpunk was fun even as a buggy mess, but maybe it was fun BECAUSE it was a buggy mess. But the crashes? Made things genuinely unplayable. And that's something you NEVER let hit production
lol my first thought was actually ff15 but it applies to so many games now
I never had issues with FF15 weirdly enough'but I did have issues with FF14 for the longest time
Never had issues with FF6 XD
what are you guys talking about
Lots of things, but Microsoft and its questionable business tactics primarily
When they do merge, let's mark down on the Calendar two years from that point to see if they actually let the scumbags go.
I miss the days when i could just buy a game and it'd be solidly playable and the only thing i'd miss for having bad 'net would be multiplayer ;;;;;;;
Starfield was a favorite of mine too
I also don't care about Bethesda games that aren't Elder Scrolls or Fallout 3/NV
I ALMOST forgot they even made Fallout ariasy1Embarassed Golly 76 was awful
people said call of duty vangaurd was bad because of the wrong history
Fallout 76 was free for so,e time
I wish that they would stop making Call of Duty games already. Let it die.
4 was hilarious and the customization is WAY too extensive, but yeah 4 is best with extensive amounts of mods. Kinda like Skyrim
Like.. Are we on the third or fourth re-make of Modern Warfare?
How much money does will you get from selling Pokemon black in gamestop
Nah bro they will make cod mdw 2 remaster to another remaster
Modern modern warfare be like stephuCatonfire
What are your thoguhts one black ops cold war phantom?
I've literally only played Black ops 2 XD
What are your thoguhts on ESRB
I don't like shooters really at all. But Rainbow 6 is one I genuinely like
the one that put age ratings on games
Esrb in my opinon kinda sucks because there like strict because childern knows what's going on
Senator Hillary Clinton wanted to make the ESRB system more strict
aren't you glad we got a certain president now?
My favorite joke that came from R6 that is applicable to most games these days is: you can't be mad about hitboxes if you don't HAVE a hitbox ariasy1Hehe
Mostly because she 180'd on a lot of things. Also something about hiding data.
I will be back see you guys later maybe
Comparing her campaign to her stances when Bill was President is fascinating
I picked the worst stream to be at work
cuz I'm hella into these conversations
Porygon Z's celebration dances make my life better stephuEhe
I struggled with Electivire as a kid
Togekiss is my favorite, but doing that fast does seem like a nightmare ariasy1Confuzzled
Zelda twilight princess devs saw this and togetic and decided to make it the entire first dungeon
or was it like the 5th one
which was the one with the lil togetic guys
The woman doing these cute little voices for each of these pokemon didn't know how good she had it
just imagine screaming that flygon line in the studio
I wonder if I would even be able to keep my composure'
I forgot how pretty this area was
what type of pokemon is that?
I think it is based on the words Ray and Quasar but I'm also not too knowledgeable on English or Pokemon haha
I know Quasi is said how you pronounce it, so I was never sure how it was really pronounced ariasy1Embarassed
makes me think of twinkle tackle when xerneas uses it
maybe they were going for a glide of some sort, but that's pretty funny ariasy1Hehe
mew looks like a delicious plucked chicken
I'd eat quite a few pokemon
I'd drink milk straight from the mootank
and if u wouldnt ur lying
In most cases it's like eating normal animals, which is sad when you think about it for extended periods of time
I mean, in actual pokemon yes
I'd do it irl but the local cow share charges $36 and is almost 30 miles away
like wtf, need to actually ask my neighbors
I don't think I'd eat the humanoid ones ariasy1Embarassed
But ask me in like an hour and it'll probably be different
was that sonic vs. shadow(Sonic Adventure 2)?
I would definitely have an absol as a pet, since my luck is abysmal ariasy1Seemsdeece
rigby you forgot the last 'ka'
pika pi means "hello" pika pika means "how are you"
I didn't take pikanese in HS
I bopped redd to get top 20 in chameleon last night, it was hype
so this game has a story right?
damn i never thought mew would be a fan of genocide
I only remember searching for wood to make a dam
chatot soon became pikachus best friend
Happy whatever the fuck today is
I started messing with smash remix
its a mod for N64, coolest surprise is they added conker
a very small amount of this is coming back to me
I think there was a toxicroak or a croagunk somewhere
fat shaming croagunk? smh my head
that's the kind of fat you like to hear
please explain what a camera is and the entire history of cameras
vaporeon has been trying to forget for the last 10 years
phantom out here just eco-terrorizing beach zone
phantom out here terrorizing every pok'mon
if you consider throwing lotad in the lake 'making friends' then you're doing great
pidgeotto here to avenge the other friends
Heya Phantom! How is it going?
Can I interest you in the final turkey sandwich?
if you bop Glenn, where does that place you on the leaderboard
I'm sad. It's the last one from the leftovers.
It was a freaking huge turkey.
I'm throwing some chicken on the George Foreman once I get home
Like, that thing was clearly the Alpha turkey.
"I took calculus in high school so I wanted you to break shit"
If we just spam butt butt butt butt butt enough in the chat, can we make the bot learn to speak with only the word butt?
I'm surprised that it hasn't picked up on my "Hai hai" yet.
So, what you're saying is that my new greeting needs to be- Hai hai but also hai hai but also hai hai.
Just use your feet to play. 5head
Double dashes? What is this Mario kart?
did Pikachu going throughout the park just to make friends?
or what's the end goal of this game
said I'mma drop a Draco Meteor for real
hiiii, I documented all 217 SetText commands in bug fables!
well I only need to clean it up
but it has like 60k words lol
why does the poke selection thing has a surpisingly good song?
Eh? Not expecting that sound from Z
idk I feel like for a pokemon that is supposed to represent a glitched program....he's eh
let me rephrase that: the wiimote dpad wasn't made for anything
it's BARELY better than the stupid one on gc
I tried playing the original RE 1 again.
How did we play that when we were younger????
Still streaming more after this run, or?
He could always do a Rando Calrissian
Almost fell on the last ine
Thanks mew for not killing everyone. Very cool ariasy1Seemsdeece
Phew. I'm done torturing myself tonight. ariasy1Embarassed Beach Zone was always a bit of a guilty pleasure. Glad to see it!
Wow Psyduck had a dream that Golduck would come over and Golduck appeared?! What is he a psychic? ariasy1Hehe
Drifblim is at least a friend
This bidoof cry is infinitely better than the derpy cry they have in DPP ariasy1Embarassed It's so cute!
*stops running Pokepark* *starts running Pokepark 2*
Friendly reminder: These are human beings saying each Pokemon's "name" cry out loud. Some dude had to record himself going "Feraligatoooor".
+1 is demoralizing, but this will be the best beach zone yet! ariasy1TURBO
ancient fish at the end of the run monkaS
is that what winter doggo got?
one day we'll find a glitch in the game... that is useful
I keep putting the game on the back burner I need to get into it again
ariasy1Aki Minish Cap is super fun to run! But movement is so awkward at times!
Never played it but its one of my friends all time favorite games
It's not bad, just unluckier than average! ariasy1Seemsdeece
I dont think i even knew this game existed until you did runs
At least it gives you unparalleled forearm strength phanto274Smile
do you have to mash a lot in this
^ how you play most games
Google wants to buy a chromebook for gaming
but I just spent like 3 hours swapping a cousin's to windows
yo i ordered a bidoof plushie lmao
Trying to see if pokepark 2is there lolol
Park 2 all friends 7 hour run
Thats gonna cost a little more than 14k lolol
Dammit I just got blueballed by my gundam
gross Gatr says his whole name
we get it pika you lift
bro you're an ice type just make the- no whatever
ok that was from one ice cube
so why does the ice type pokemon need a igloo
his wife went and found Cryognal
I miss farming ads for bits muxy10
I think I have gotten to where it converges with trails from zero
because they directly called something the zero project
I want Mamoswine in gen 9
On the third day mamoswine rose again
Gen 9 ice buff makes him good
@RuneRavenFP are you planning to play zero at all?
Just kinda had to play cs2 first with how 1 ends lol
@RuneRavenFP good plan since zero and azure take place before cold steel 3
ponyta flames looking better on wii game than switch game LUL LUL LUL
we don't talk about Rapidash in swsh
do we bring out xerneas flying without moving in its z move
why is Mr mime in this mineshaft
I only have the mp4 :(
dont trust a mime in a mine shaft
I mean its a rock type
"i broke the rail lol" - mawile
My boy Aron did nothing wrong
where Aggron to back him up
Hey Phantom! How has your day been? also good luck! str9ngHappy str9ngLove
HOW WAS DIGLETT IN THE BOX IT CANONICALLY HAS FEET AS OF MYSTERY DUNGEON
This speedrun is how I imagine a mom with 6 kids running around and making a mess
I feel like I've been here forever now lol phanto274Hype
"Yamato Island Torchic lost me 37 seconds" - closed captions
I have learned how to fully abuse my party lineup
I dont wanna see that shit
THey knew what you were doing though
You can't hide it from them
what if pikachu just falls over after bonking something
And just lays there for an hour recovering
Still have no clue why this bitch just goes ehhhhh eh eh
Oh damn absol I see how it is
I am no longer the tired and the sleepy
I am so down for that
I wanna go home and play videa games my brother has no lifed pokemon with my switch since he got to portugal
I havent been able to get it back
learning from almost zero is a huge headache
Just stopping by to say hi. My laptop is still broken and I can only watch twitch on my phone' which is not exactly ideal, lol
Brazilian portuguese is so differnet ive already been sharmed for saying words in that dialect
When you have Portuguese in the language list and the flag is brazilian
That green owl be on some bs power trip
Have you missed all the memes about families taken hostage if you don't do your duolingo dailies
I'll go for top 5 in both park games
oh yeah when i get back im doing true hundo for this game
I can do it probs on the flight home
BRO MY AIRLINE HAS TINY ASS ECONOMY SEATS
Lufthansa got really bad over the years
I just wanna watch soccer man
I got middle sea and was next to this quirky lady who just kept talking to me about
It's usually gone when I try
My last flights were' Spain, Japan, usually full seats
tbh i rather go to esa
I used to want to go to esa but then covid happened
its not hard i just did it for this trip
And I kinda lost the regular social contact to the people who usually go there
150 for the book and 60 if you want it in the next couple of weeks
I used to need to get a new passport every 5ish years because it kept getting full
don't you only need a passport in the us if u planning to leave the country
It's normal though that the juvenile passport expires at 18
its not really about leaving tbh
The next one after that is also just for 5 years, at least in some countries
And then the next after that is for 10 years
try to get back in without one bozod
Because people can look like babies at 18 tbh
I believe Germany is like that too
I am currently downloading whom's 100% run
do you even have to renew it if u not doing anything that req id
today I leaned the sonic frontiers at 30fps is 7 seconds faster than 60fps lmao
weird how people dont wanna run the fastest version, almost reminds me of a certain other community we know oh so well....
I haven't play a sonic game in such a long time
think the last sonic game i play was heroes back on gamecube
im enjoying frontiers but only in short bursts
I just unlocked the 3rd area this morning LUL
if frontiers go on sale for like 20 bucks i will buy it
I bought it for 39 bucks brand new in the first week
did you buy it off a back of a truck?
it went on sale early everywhere, gamestop fucked up and amazon and wal mart price matched. But I made my local best buy price match it. On day 5 you could easily get it for 33% off
I'm hoping the game after Frontiers is a massive improvement. but it's Sega a
to me its not a great, but a mindlessly fun one
I wouldn't mind playing frontiers if i get it cheap
originally I was gonna get it cheap from gamefly used, then the new game went on sale. Plus I had some birthday money so it was like I didnt actually buy it
I havent seen any of fire emblem, what gives you that impression?
I love jrpgs but i could never get into fire emblem i don't like the battle system
Nintendo: you can recruit these old characters you guys love! "How about you release the games that are actually for these characters? Nintendo: but thats not new!!!
I cant wait to play persona 4 for the 1st time in jan
I doubt it will be as good as 5
oh great a place i fucking hate
in 4 you can control the other characters right
saw a tweet "age yourself with the first game you bought at launch" I am Battle Chip Challenge years old axlsrS
bruh... after the hype that was bn2 then bn3 what kid wouldnt get the next one?
getting games at launch back in the day? never
game treating you nice so far?
no it wasnt, but I walked into a gameshop and saw the was a BN game coming out and got my parents to pre-order it lol
hide and seek will make you forget about nightmares apparently
I couldn't do anything about ramming my head into Vaporeon ~Phantom5800
glad I get to watch you right now, I am literally parked on the expressway right now not moving
haven't moved in about 10 minutes
wanna submit it as a race?
I have not been focusing on marathons at all
I couldnt even watch the 602 cause the wifi has been bad here
thats the name of a marathin
its a marathon for some tricky germans
DvlSEdW ist kurz f'r: "Das vermutlich l'ngste deutschsprachige Speedrun-Event der Welt"
okay so im sitting here playing DK64 with a widescreen patch and it softlocked entering Angry Aztecs OMEGALUL
your pace has been insane when it comes to that
I am going to play through EVERY Assassin's Creed game and 100% with DLC in order of release next year
I got my very first retro game WR the other day though, I usually only Speedrun modern games so I was shocked when I got it
oh shit we are moving now
Brady doesnt do teddy i believe
its the dark souls of pokemon
the more you run this the more I understand why you stopped
Why is Phantom Pokepark practically the only followed stream online
Twitch is reccomending me watch a woman play mabinogi
out of curiosity, are battles typically faster or chases?
some of these minigame songs go hard for no reason
i'd thought the battles would've been "faster" in the sense they were a bit less rng (outside of the self-yeet ones ofc) than some of the later chases, so genuinely interesting lol
for once, the beach episode actually has plot relevance
it's a shame the game doesn't backtrack you to beach zone, if only to give runners a second chance at the rng
I feel like lotad being a water pokemon shouldn't end its whole career like that when it hits the water and yet
I get it for most of the other pokemon lol but it just feels like lotad should come waddling out of the water after it gets knocked in
They don't call it Odd-ish for no reason.
It ran out a minute ago.
Bruh. I so badly want to resub to you but the money just isn't there.
I have like.. three channels that I've been subbed to for two full years.
I have one that doesn't stream at all but the emotes are too damn good.
kmkeatHug kmkeatYip kmkeatHeart kmkeatTreat kmkeatCheer kmkeatSurprise
How could I possibly give up said emotes?
So yeah. Been subbed to them for a long time. KEKW
Sadly, it means that I don't have money to shuffle around for new subs.
As much as I want to be subbed to this channel for all of eternity.
all my subs have been gifted i should be getting a job again next year so i will be able to sub
Floatzel is another favorite Pokemon of mine.
It's honestly such a good design, in a world of crappy Pokemon designs.
So much nastalgia for Totodile from Pokemon Crystal. n~n
can't believe you caught the slowpoke
hardest chase in the entire game right there
caterpie is a level above slowpoke
sounds like my kind of run
if I had a wii, I would
I had it in highschool,  idk where it went tho
highschool was like 15 years ago too, so it's long gone by now
my grade school doesn't exist anymore
I was homeschooled so my school stopped existing once my sister was done LUL
fuck if I know what's happening with schools I've attended
especially since I hopped from school to school, numerous times
Bruh. I just found a virtual tour of my old secondary school.
Wow. The virtual tour showed a tiny side room that my old friends and I used to hang out in every lunch to avoid the idiots.
That was weird seeing that again.
This virtual tour is hilarious. I'm seeing like.. thirty different spots that I got into full-on fights at. KEKW
Viki, how/why were you in so many fights
Nah. I was bullied into basically nothingness and that resulted in me getting suspended for defending myself a lot.
Do you mind if I go on about the secondary school stuff, or would you rather I not? I don't wanna just keep talking about it in your stream when we could be talking about, you know, the thing that you're doing or some such.
But yeah, it's unfortunate, but the only truly good memories that I have of said school is of myself and a few others hiding in small rooms out of the way to avoid people. The rest of it is all pretty much bad.
I'll be right back. Food is ready.
Thanks. But yeah.. Apart from the bullying, some worse than worst stuff happened to me at said school. Stuff that I'm not going to get into here, but yeah.
I really wish that I had more good memories of the place.
I appreciate that, but nah. There's not much to say there. Bad stuff happened.
sorry, Viki. didn't intend to bring up unpleasant memories
@buff00n You're fine. It's my fault for looking at the virtual tour. Not sure why I did that.
they didn't need to buff rapid spin in gen 8. it was clearly already a problem
more honest than any of the other friends in this entire park other than maybe mew
honestly, after seeing that torkal, mew is on to something
after seeing MAMOSWINE, i think mew is onto something
mamoswine's only crime was forgiving empoleon's war crimes
Can we all agree that this game really is just "Give Pikachu a concussion the video game"?
you know, it occurs to me too that if many of these pokemon know you need the prism shards to stop mew from killing them, the fact they're making your life more difficult to get them is definitely sus
and they picked the second option
they only agreed to become friends after pikachu said "mew might take you out one day but i'm here now cowards so what's it gonna be"
debating if I should take my car for a wash
if the truth isn't that it's full of drifloon, i'm not interested
abra with the best life advice
abra said turn the game off and go the HECK to sleep
hello there best friend in the game
sableye out here calling us a nerd when HE was the one to give us a quiz
I think my favorite is feraligatr's
he just looks so BUMMED when he loses
A bottle of Malort's I looked had the text: "The perfect gift for friends or enemies"  LMAOOOOOOO
it's the.... i think it's the poe story of the guy who walled his "friend" in the cellar after telling him he had the best wine just a little further in
I just remember reading it 3 times in school since the teachers kept pulling it out around spooky season lol
@buff00n It's always Christmas with Malort's
it was at least a short story lol, i'd rather read it 3 times than frankenstein twice phanto274Cry
doesn't help that a lot of the books the schools have you read just are NOT good lol
if i want to read i will just go play a old jrpg
I still remember one teacher had us read wuthering heights on our own, asked us what we thought about it when we were done, and one of the students stood up + told her their favorite character was hareton because he was dropped over a balcony and nearly died
she no longer asked our opinions on what she has us read outside of class after that
I'm being censored for supporting local businesses smh
twitch chat said buy it on amazon or else
and then rayquaza came and did mew's job for him
....... imagine if the game had you backtrack to beach zone right there, just to slap you in the face for bad beach zone rng
"mew is funny like that" no piplup mew is a psychopath who is trying to kill us all
keep up with the narrative here, piplup
> mew warns you that the pokepark is in danger (from mew)  > mew is the only one who can save the pokepark  > mew goes out of his way to make you work to get him to save it
clearly mew is just a "funny lil guy" who "means no harm"
if your favorite isn't mew, the pokepark will be destroyed again
for me it's mew who is just a funny little guy 500 likes
and now we can let mew destroy the park forever, as it was always meant to be
I think he just hates me
last rando of the year nice
nyaseiYaho Hiya, actually get to catch you live for once nyaseiCheer
Howdy. Happy New Year psykitLove psykitNoiche
watch it be a speedy one
Are you racing tomorrow? I'm scheduled for comms.
hammer sub 10 time for a re roll
Not the chest after hitting the tree?
Nice cocnut next to the hammer
Is the return window on this hammer still up, we need a better one
I cant believe kooper dyed his shell
Isn't this like the 3rd seed shell has been there?
Why has he just kept bombette LMAO
before 2022 ends, will anyone admit that they're a Rando Randy?
I told arie im a back if they are short
santa that you have to pay
happy new year eve phantom and chat!!
I think the seed is trying to tell you something about Magical Seed 1
I want a magical sNeed com but that's effort and too much
Technically 23 since 2 are on previous rewards
Wonder if that's counted in logic
I think Blooper's sound design in this game is well made
literally every important item is here
unless I were to redeem it
just make it 1M points so it doesn't happen again
i'm playing dragon ball fighterz tonight for new years
u have like 4 attack items don't u
must of miss that was eating
Calling it now, he's in Chapter 6
Have you found Darth Goombidious yet?
Gil's emote depicts him great LUL
Guess we ain't Power Bombing (8 FP)
pray that mega bomb is low FP
little did you know those 4 volt shrooms WERE key items :tf:
Nah the bot is only toxic if it becomes Goombario Kappa
stinky herb not viable against electro?
at least for now. we have a plan for next time. feather dance staraptor
they can catch these iron hands
The Dark lord of the Sith's hologram follows you around
I saw a video of someone's team one shoting cinderace, 3 qwilfish and a slowbro with stored power
the 3 qwilfish used acupuncture on the slowbro like 3 times each, and stored power deleted cinderace in one hit
I still havent finished the tutorial in violet lol
I got my mon and called it a day
I'm just missing out on the events cause I refuse to update my game
I used Espathra and called it a day.
not just any randos, nintendo online randos
there's no difference they all bad
idk i feel like late game on any multiplayer nintendo game is ass
Now would be a great time for Magical Seed 2
I was hooked on that free to play kirby game and at high levels you only match with people in jpn and play at 3 fps
nintendo just doesnt think people actually play their games
Splatoon 1 and 2 were good
hearing all this i am glad i didn't buy the new pokemon game
I think im perma shuffled gang
I just played a (race settings) seed with sphere 0 Weight but 4th Ruins Key in an Ultra Block
me at work on this New Year Eve
only accepting 3 hours of this heck and I'm running
You could have went all the way and done hammerless and Jumpless Kappa
Phantom do I pass you the seed after I redeem points for it?
Hmm those red Pansies are something they added
hmm I'm not liking this seed direction
I believe at the end of 2023 I will be able to redeem elite smash
I tuned in for either the most amazing or most cursed gourmet guy and i'm not sure which it is yet
I wanna see you fight him
trev, i dont know what the hell youre trying to say
he looks like a kid with a sheet on and i'm here for it
Ok yep, Parakarry is totally in Chapter 6
I like a lot of the new colors
omg this seed has said mario wants to be a millionaire
wym, there's mail in there /jk
no no, no mailmen here, only mario stealing all of the mushroom kingdom's mail
Step 1: do a subathon, Step 2: profit
i've been like 75 away from hitting 1k on twitch for a few months now
youd get 5 outta me thats it
since its new year tonight i can have a drink
if you're fielding suggestions, how about a lil' "subscribe' notification throughout your YouTube uploads? eg, the notification ghost laughter as some ghosts hover around the sub button.
you added any new games yet?
dinner and fireworks at sister's. Have fun
man you have plenty of life shrooms
That helps, seen any replenishable cocnut s perchance?
harry store have some for 2 coins
alright, time to throw out the seed
If you had actually 0 power, it could help but now that you've got Power Rush you might be fine
Jr. isn't that tough. Just crack him open and fry him into a nice fresh Omelette
I feel like parakarry has to be your next major item
And Goombario holds the seed hostage as usual
there goes all of mario's millionaire status
....... santa rip cheeto is cursed
super blooper is getting fucked up i see
this not about to be fun
how many checks we got left man lol
Ahem. Hai hai. Could I borrow your attention for a few minutes? <3
I have quite the thing to end the year off on.
It is with great pride that I do this, as I have been here whenever I can, consuming as much of your streams as I possibly can and loving every second of it. You have been an absolute delight to hang out with and get to know, and I look forward to doing so further in the new year.
@VikiHexen welcome to the vip club phanto274Hype phanto274Hype phanto274Hype phanto274Hype phanto274Hype
But what's the FP cost on my VIP Badge? KEKW <3
Bruh. Too expensive. Never gonna see use.
SHOULD'VE LEFT HER TO THE MOLES
that dizzy dial is gonna come in handy
I have spent the last like.. three days practically licking my screen as a I watch the channel points sloooooooooooowly inch towards the 100k mark.
Wait I thought I had an emote for that
Hello, is it 2023 in your time zone yet?
coderGao @know15 does this emote work?
Yep. This is my favorite badge in all of Twitch.
Vanilla is my favorite flavor sometimes.
did u go back to chapter 4?
did u ever turn in frying pan
tree in chapter 5 maybe had bubble berry?
I really wanna see the spoiler log
pretty sure i seen a bubble berry somewhere
I wasn't paying attention all the way
I like how Rip Cheato is wearing a Santa Outfit today. XD
it was yellow berry in a tree in chapter 5
This is the bubble berry's revenge for hardly ever getting used. XD
Are you sure that the runs aren't just starting to blend together?
RANDO PAPE GLITCH LOGIC FOR THE NEW YEAR
wanna give me the logs and i check?
TTS wow is always funny to hear
Can't wait for Mario in a bubble to be the thumbnail this time.
Ooooh, so something happened with Parakarry I missed? XD
ngl i'm kind of hoping parakarry is late so that we just keep all the letters forever
I would personally have parakarry by the 2 hour mark
@blacktiger51 I'm at the final final boss of cs2
Hello Youtube, you've reached your thumbnail!
Raven is just as cool as lakilester
laki gives perakarry so we can get laki
I fucking powered through that game tho
Story had me glued to it
@RuneRavenFP are you planning to play the sky games?
keep the mail anyway, just because we have a mailman doesn't mean we HAVE to deliver the mail   >.>   <.<
I'll go back to them eventually, only reason I'm not immediately is cause the sale sucks and I don't have another 120 to spend for em
The sale for CS was really good though so I bulk bought those and zero
Had to step away. Did you find your missing berry?
I do know their story well though
snow or sleet or rain might not stop the mail but mario can
Thumbnail for today's rando vod leaked In discord
Whacka isn't a person. Whacka is an item dispensary.
oh? your favorite game is paper mario 64? then name every toad that's in the game.
Laki had them, it was hilarious, for us.
is there still star piece checks?
I don't think there's enough rum to make me forget this seed exists
my NAME is THOMAS archibald PEnelopE HOratio NILES PoopSoCk and i'm here FROM bogata colombia to RELAay a MEssageE: EAST is left of SOUTH so stray TOwarD the SuN iF NoT awaY from the BANKS of the RIVER Susan is your aunT but She drinks TEA from a wooden CUP and Will soon get a SPlinTer in her MOUTH. lustful thoughts wILL end in pleasure and youthful wroughts will bend the TREAsURE teee heee hoooligan Dig the mouND of EArtH and sELL the snail to a market bUT the SLUG is WORTHRELLELESS!
that is a bundle of choices right there
Thought that was PhantomGamesBot for a second. XD
I WILL purCHase the SNAIL but I have no INtereST in the SLUG
idk if I should ban or not
Thing is, I've never seen a troll like this. Kinda wanna see what they do next out of morbid curiosity. XD
I had a good reason to ban
ngl i was kind of invested in where it would go from here
they were going to tell us to buy Snailcoin
aw that was far more disappointing than i thought it was gonna be
when Bubble plant was the way
Don't think I've used that one in a while.
I've definitely used that before. KEKW
someone made a gourmet guy figure
On retrospect, I shoulda known something went wrong with the seed when I saw no chapters completed almost 2 hours and a half into the seed. XD
I'll put it in the shitpost channel
It's like a Russian nesting doll but for shy guys
Oh wow, I like how the hammer is golden.
Hopefully you get good RNG if you enter it!
I really have no idea i only check the bubble berry
when will you add regular boots version
@jokehow when you add English raph skip
oh that's a nice shade of purple on the pokey mummies
no way I'd finish one tonight lol
Well, at least we can deliver the mayor penguin letter without having to go out of the way for it. XD
5 life shrooms at snowmans gift rn
Imagine if both Watt and Sushie are there.
Well... it was both of something! XD
lurking cuz I'm heading to a get-together
This is quite concerning we haven't found Watt and Sushie
Have we seen Goombario yet is the question
I wonder if there's any partner other than Goombario which you could theoretically complete the rando without ever finding? XD
when is the low% rando attempts
when can we expect to see the weekly Goombario% races?
Sadge king boo hit me with the 1:09 flat, 7 seconds off pb
all my homies hate king boo
So technically a required blue key?
And parakarry was blocking Laki, and Laki had Parakarry. So Bubble Berry was required.
this seed would be much funnier if you only had blue key
he' skipped the blue key lol
Rolling a seed with both Laki and Red key behind Blue key would be extremely bad RNG.
M&L definitely are the more linear or Mario RPGs
it's just, you're very overpowered with tools that you shouldn't have
unless there's some scaling to compensate then you still have work to put in
yeah then the Rando is very easy
awh man. I misses the whole thing.
Ok NOW I've beat the game
I couldn't do normal parts of my strategy for that boss but Laura still nuked the shit outta it
Even without being able to speed control it Fie is immortal and Laura is a nuke so it's hard to lose without playing very bad lol
y'know I always gift subs to save Goombario so would that consider Goombario as paid DLC?
Or you could glitch and beat 2 Kappa
Marking Skolar before even seeing Tubba is so disrepectful LUL
@RuneRavenFP nice do it on nightmare difficulty now
Why does zero have some qol settings that cs doesn't
It's minor things but I like being able to see what song is playing
Also has auto advance text for voiced lines
There's no dub so I have no point for that since I'm reading anyway but it's neat
@RuneRavenFP only the pc and switch port have stuff like that i have it on PlayStation the company that did the switch and pc port added stuff like that
@RuneRavenFP i am a trophy hunter i wanted that platinum trophy
I did almost everything I could in a 1st playthrough for cs2
I didn't get every char or monster log but fishing recipes and all S ranks and that shit I did
Could always be one of the 2 post-5 checks
And by 2, I mean 3
Watt in Record chest would be a :tf: moment
@RuneRavenFP took me 2 playthrough for cold steel 2 to do everything since 1 of the trophy is beat game on nightmare
Also, don't you want that Snowman Doll for LP? Kappa
@RuneRavenFP are you waiting for march to get trails to azure before you play cold steel 3?
fuck no I can't wait that long
That will be played before reverie though
Oh this game also shows where I am in the game on my discord status lol
It had a setting for it specifically
A Mario this strong made sure to never skip leg day phanto274Smile
I can't think of a cutscene that plays for ww
Idk how long it took them but ww has gotten really good
remove the cutscenes hit make it an option
lmao 4th ruins key in that shop
listen i want them to remove all the cutscenes but one, and that one is tubba wandering in, eating stanley, and walking out again
the continuity must be maintained for stanley
Yea things like stanley you glitch past anyway so it's not a flag you need
Earlier I had 4th Ruins Key in an ultra boots block with race settings... logically really gross
and i don't want the full stanley cutscene lol, just tubba walking in without a word to eat him and walk off
........ HUH THAT'S ACTUALLY A THOUGHT
but most importantly remove Jr and his cutscenes Kappa
they'd probably have to mess with jr troopa too to take all those out
goomba king cutscene need to go
oh so putting story past super boots stuff wouldn't trigger him then?
oh okay yeah then yeet literally every ch3 cutscene
..... imagine if we could talk to raph and he just walked off the tree + falling would open the vine + you walk into the room for the pulley system already built
this seed was gross but it was a good way to end 2022
I think the other thing i'd like to see would be merlow rewards being a slider option instead of hard required but that's just me missing my preferred emulator that hates those lol
omg the shadow queen cutscenes take years off my life
that entire end fight is the worst
bowser's castle had nothing on the shadow castle
it's long even on a first play tbh
it may take me several nights before bed to watch a seed on youtube
