Did you come back to Let's Go cuz of PokePark?
Hey can you give me version exclusives :)
You should also play on spanish or something
you like gen 3 tho, no?
Jesse got very mad at my retweets last night
I retweeted the same spinarak picture about 100 times
I did, you've signed up jameikKneel
just running some fusion rando while waiting for pizza
are you perhaps interested in doing commentary for some of the races?
I still need to just throw together a layout so I can run something
check out the volunteer form when you have time
yo haven't catch a stream from you for a year
@blacktiger51 buff00n timed out blacktiger51 for 23 seconds.
Dude fuck getting your wisdom teeth taken out
how many channel points to time out buff00n for 23 seconds? Kappa
I'll timeout anyone you want for a gift sub. KEKW
I am broke or I prob would
im on mobile so no sub
I love buying a new friend at the hospital
how the fuck do I have 10k points already
I didn't know jessie and james was in this game
you can just bring out a 2nd pokemon whenever u want?
just need gravity suit and i'm go mode for this run
It's nice to be able to spend my points again now that I'm not saving up for VIP. KEKW
I think that you mean Sasspras.
rock tunnel looks pretty easy without flash
I mean, we can make rock tunnel an issue. Do it actually blind.
my eyes got really heavy during ttyd cchapter 2 LUL
remember all the time as a kid playing blue and doing it without flash
I couldnt find my video cables so running component on retrotink 2x pro. It looks passable for now until I find my video cable
is every pkmn game a pain to run, or just the ones you've run?
I found a preorder for the BN special edition. I want it but I dont 125 bucks want it
safe to say, I can clear a fusion rando in less than 2 hours so far
you can get the glasses seperate for 45 bucks for whats thats worth
I wouldn't pay 125 for that
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your run phanto274GL phanto274Mash
iceblue said he is getting it tho
....... why the Hell would someone throw a 5th grader on a shot/whiskey glass ?? ? ? ? ?
lol, ingame time was 1 hour 11 minutes
would have been much more if I had gone for 100%
pokemon centers are free cause your parents have to sign up for a pokemon health insurance policy
@Axl_SR nah pokemon centers are free cuz it base of Canada health care
MWSF just announced that they're leaving 2dcon
Yea 2dcon just gave them a room
They still got the one in april that's zelda themed in MN but idk if mwsf will stay in the state
but what about the futbol there
and no one outside of cafe's has other league channels here
so I camt even watch english soccer
oh nice got the sub anyways I guess
I want that struck from the minutes
she was older than me when she debuted, I'll say that
She's 17 early on in the first series, but is later noted as 20.
It's okay buff00n, you're safe to fawn over Jessie.
the older PKMN ladies speak to me
Hi, my name is Wendy Jordan. I'm a long time supporter of the American Kidney fund. Today is Giving Tuesday and a generous friend of the American Kidney fund has come forward to Triple-Match all kidneys donated until midnight tonight. Please don't miss out on this chance to make your kidney go Three Times as far. On behalf of the American Kidney fund and of my family I extend heartfelt thanks to you in advance for your generosity and your kidney.
Hi, my name is Wendy Jordan. I'm a long time supporter of the American Kidney fund. Today is Giving Tuesday and a generous friend of the American Kidney fund has come forward to Triple-Match all kidneys donated until midnight tonight. Please don't miss out on this chance to make your kidney go Three Times as far. On behalf of the American Kidney fund and of my family I extend heartfelt thanks to you in advance for your generosity and your kidney.
Hi, my name is Wendy Jordan. I'm a long time supporter of the American Kidney fund. Today is Giving Tuesday and a generous friend of the American Kidney fund has come forward to Triple-Match all kidneys donated until midnight tonight. Please don't miss out on this chance to make your kidney go Three Times as far. On behalf of the American Kidney fund and of my family I extend heartfelt thanks to you in advance for your generosity and your kidney.
way more fun than doing either of those things on its own
and I made it to ch6 so that's really good progress
is there a chance james wont poison you ?
it's only like 30% but it happens SO OFTEN
I swear it's not actually 30
I was gonna say that fucker's the size of the whole ass grip
I've never caught a pokemon Lets go stream. yay. (: gl on the run!
I couldn't see it on stream too well but that sounds really nice for ppl with bigger hands
are you catching every pokemon in this run too?
I might have stupid questions during this run, since I've never seen this game run before. lol. just so you're aware.
Pallos still has not found a shiny
phantom did you know he's STILL hunting ghiratina
Oh fuck I forgot that you were live
I was gonna raid you lolol
splash will find his way here anyways dw
About 3 1/2 hours and no Giratina
Its been over a year :)
Ohrocks got it full odds in 2 days
you can definitely just not play bdsp
I modded mine to make it not dp
So I technically didn't play it
I haven't touched BDSP since I streamed it when it came out
I did it in like 60 FGRs and I was slow at resetting cause I was half asleep when I was doing them
Why play bdsp when you can play bdsm? KEKW
Fuck no they don't have you seen pokemon artists
why play bdsm when you can catch 'em all
or like, roughly 400 of em
In terms of actually catching them I prefer how it is now
wasn't carnivine in both swsh and pla?
Did they put him in swsh?
I hate pla so that doesn't count for me
I remember looking through serebii when I was teambuilding for the casual playthrough and that bitch wasn't there
Hisuian Voltorb was a blessing from GameFreak
phantom 1 sub for taking care of that message
for me, legends arceus is still the most fun pokemon game i've played recently. I liked scarlet/violet, but something about legends arceus keeps me coming back
I swear it was in the base game but I just checked the pokedex to see if I was lying and I was
if it wasn't in gen 8 at all then I just got mega mandelaed
holy shit maybe it was just pla
dude I think I just popped into another universe
I would never mistake my carnivine knowledge
hey m4 is hidden trage in ch6 right before machine?
"stupid pokemon" - every pokemon fan for like 5 generations now
Hes going to get moles at costco
PhantomGamesBot: @mx_four this looks like consent to me
remember how in the manga, lorelei was a member of team rocket?
they on the throat goat tier
@RavenFP Yo wanna go to costco together
I didn't see you trigger it that time
I need a hot bot in my area to take me to costco
I don't regret saying that for the timeout
hot @PhantomGamesBot s in your area
so I forget, what do you need 50 pokemon for again?
thank god that's not in firered lol
I didn't even know the bot could have a sub. l0l
y'know, I always thought back then that Kangaskhan was ground type
best we can do is another golbat
so long story short, I've had covid for a couple days, and the most annoying thing about it is not being able to taste or smell. I just want food.
I think the game wants you to ride onix
maybe you can build a harness
Onix is more obnoxious to run into cause they're so big.
if you go chain 5 growlithes you can get a persian
welcome to Lavender Town (aka creepypasta city)
as long as you also didn't just blip from an alternate universe it's probably there
im not seeing it on pokeearth
greatest emote ever? I made mxfourHi for free
the internet said that town does
meanwhile eevee just clicks bouncy bubble
does anyone here have a scyther they want to trade?
that ace trainer considered it tho for a second
I realized that you are in a speedrun
Yeah that's why Maddi sets her game cat to Arceus or Scarvi
I have never seen someone realize that after asking before
sorry but I don't speak English
once I had someone come in, ask me for a trade, I told them I was speedrunning
they came in again and asked me what shiny I was hunting
I forgot Blue takes u to town for a little fun during the game. I should play Eevee
I was like. bro spot check lmao
I think I'm just very fondly nostalgic for the music. The fact that you can't curveball makes me sad as a Pokego player tho
I might have to get this game at some point looks better then  violet
I was dubious at first too with Violet but it's solidly fun
:^) What a wonderful children's game
there's something funny about watching your rival get booli'd rather than the rival booli'ing you
I think Nemona may be my new fave. Miror B if you count him and Silver are still top tier tho
thinking is hard for the bisexuals, let them LIVE
I didn't mind Hop, but he could do for a few cutscene chops
If they had left Scarvi in the oven to cook a lil longer, I defs would have liked them more for sure
I am bad at the following
I love that oddish planter back there
I'm the freak that looks at little details
what's your plan for the rest of the night after this run?
I'm a vapid lesbian u cannot sell me on Thurrs. T
does that take from a pool or is it just that one
wait I wanna speedrun that game too
well now I want to see how shitty it is
IT'S A MEGA MAN 3 HACK???
ok maybe not SPEEDRUN but it seems short enough
the walkthrough is about 45 mins long
it's even more dank than I expected
over here watching boondocks and thought how funny it would be to have a reset notification of Riley saying "quit crying you little bitch" KEKW
Oh god that poor Starmie LOL
I'm fucked up now whenever I see berries as fruit in the Pokeverse cause like. Strawberries and tomatoes and shit exist. But here's Gina Mommy monchin on Razz and Oran berries.
NO PROBABLY NOT CAUSE THERE'S TOMATOES, AND THEN THERES TAMATO BERRIES
I think their extra taste profile is bitter, but it's been a while
I'm a fucking NERD and a FREAK who wikidives Pokemon for fun
it's so funny to me to think that those swimmers are those guards and they can't give them any place to stand. Nope. Water only. Get your laps in bro
@dustpan2112 I can do this all day
Bro I love not having to play the game
I hope they keep changing things so I don't have to
if these rng rewards actually worked, this would be THE worst seed
He knows where shit is anyways
Axl that would mean a pape player made this
It shields you from spiked enemies :)
There's so many to worry about
its confusing seeing big and tiny partners
so where would the checks be for merlows son?
It'd be boring as shit for a race
Spoiler log is cool because of routing on short notice and this is just a worse version of that
Does that mean the bigger points mean the more key items potentially? Like for example, toad town and chapter 5 being around 60 points
if toad down has like 10 items how will it fit on the tracker?
What in hell am I looking at
rooPog  ayo that actually sounds pretty interesting
THAT'S why Spike Shield is there Kappa
so Dry Dry Outpost is like irrelevant?
Why did they use watt for chapter 4 instead of a shyguy
that would seem like you could get a v speedy run with this
I think it's based on the spoiler log, which does count these 2 as forest
if you get a sub 2:30 are you saving it as your PB KEKW
Imagine going fast playing the game when you can go fast and not check half of it
yeah, but Dmg Dodge is, like, strictly worse than Def+
Damage dodge is a top tier badge
oh, I didnt think of manipping HP
The only issue I see with this is the emblem for prologue isn't  Prologue
Imagine a tracker that lets you skip half the game
A little scared about what required item is in Palace... you may need to go there sooner rather than later
@blacktiger51 this is the new race settings
tracker's in development and it's already in races? huh
wow this is an incredible eyesore
I do like how the start of rando was challenge runners begging ice to add masochist bullshit settings and now people want to skip everything
Kent had a grape otter pop it looks like
what the heckity shmecity is this mr strimmer peepoArrive
for the rest of stream you should pretend this is the tracker you've always used whenever someone asks
@Puffy78 This is my new favorite entrance message
Heyo Phantom, what's different this time
Mega jump that's on the tracker
so wait this tracker is based on item locations? intresting
how did bn3 multi world go?
Oh the tracker actually tracks things like KH2's auto tracker now? Neato
Yea phantom NO EARLY BIKE THIS TIME
I dont even guess anymore on this shit
This minigame refuses to let me win
holy crap is that McDonalds Quizmo
buy the thing next to the letter
oh boy what am I looking at?
You're gonna have no good badges
well, if you've never won a race, it'll help you out Kappa
so im gonna go out on a limb and say this tracker mayyy not be allowed for most races YEP
so it kind of guides you were to go?
Feeling fine being on the tracker is so unbelievably comical though
imagine jcog doing this and everyone asking what this is LUL
Send the code to jcog and see
I personally don't use the points mode with the KH2 randomizer's tracker, I only track for how many items are in each world in that game
Racers don't have access to spoiler anyway
spoiler log actually gets unlocked once you collect goombario + all Fx badges Chatting
Hey Phantom! How's it going today? phanto274BLANKIES
how do you mark chapter scaling?
I dont think a casual tracker would care about it
is there a reason to mark the badges?
are the badges equal points or are some weighted more heavily?
No berries but you do have 6 access and Laki, Hmm
and im assuming normal items are nothing
junk key items to throw off the scale
I mean, it couldn't be more than 3 since you've seen it
so ch7 only has a required item. the badge should be 2 points to keep you guessing if chpater 7 has a required item or a misc item and a badge
Get it out of the way while it's still worth XP
if im doing a co-op then sure im fine with hints. But to me hints are such a turn off
so how you feel about this
desert having nothing at all is interesting
it looks like the kh2 tracker fr
Are there 2 Yellow Berries on the tracker?
phantom explained this to me before he started, "I dont want to try this." Now that ive seen him do it "I really dont want to do this LUL "
@iAmKrisXx thanks for the gifted sub
honestly the interesting thing to me is just figuring out the possibilities of what each chap holds
yoooo thanks for the sub phanto274Love
yoinked the whole thing and placed it in Pape
my plane is in 7 hours
I am on my way back
get ready to be destroyed in park
they should have kept the icons imo
Phantom didn't settle for 10th like a nerd
ill hire a hitmen to bop you off the board
debating whether or not I wanna be happy, or try returning to 3dw
still more useful than feeling fine :)
ngl I dont even know the name of that badge
Its been like a year and a half since I said "sub 1:40 soon" COPIUM
can you mark off items you handed in, like frying pan?
oh god this is going to be an absolute clusterfuck once you hit go mode
oh yeah, you could just check your items to see if you handed it in
it's gonna look like a mess
Cause the people who made this
Start at level 15 when they play
So they don't care about the levels not being right lol
new stream challenge, find X item in the tracker once we hit go mode
Gotta be level 20 at least my b
sigh I know who made this lol
I can't play this game at high levels off the bat
real men only upgrade the best stat: HP
I need my mario to struggle a bit
Mario is so cute when he struggles
like I dont mean to be that guy that saying you cant play the way you want but WHAT THE FUCK!?!
beach is always stacked beach is never not stacked
maybe once there's exp multipliers they'll back down on that
icebound said they wanted to add a one hit ko option
If it's not you should move it, if it is you'll just have to remember either way
Phantom I'm gonna have to show you how I've got my layout setup when I finish it
It's pretty rancid but it's doing the job
Schrodinger's yellow berry, is it in Flower Fields, or in Jade Jungle?
what up phantom. Run been good so far?
but I'll check the tracker in the discord
how does cake work, like if cakemix is in boos mansion and koopa village which do you mark?
Instead of dragging the icons, it could be that you first click on a section your checking and any icon you click after it gets added to the section.
is antiguy and buzzar on the tracker too KEKW
tbf outpost has a misc key which could give you access to a required item
the tracker makes this fast to play out lol
Well, there are some good badges lol
I could see myself using this for co-op randos
I cant tell if I would like this more or less without the point values
Kooper's Shell - basically guaranteed worthless
listen the fact that prologue has stuff for sure (unless its somehow 4 badges) gives me hope for a goomba king fight WhatsHisFace
Technically it could be actually nothing bc Artifact is also Koopa Village
ya, this tracker needs some personalize-able badge options deathf1Thinking
I mean, you could just edit the code for yourself lol
and also for all Fx Badge randos lol
use channel points to redeem "make phantom use this tracker"
completely unsure about berries and cake mix, never got that explained when watching Spike earlier
ya, that's the part that never got explained
they did say letters were not point though
Spike is still playing the seed right?
glitchless rando = less glitches not no glitches
chapters 3 5 6 and 7 iirc
all 7 of his stars are lit up
S-s-something different?!? Well, if you say so. Hey hey.
Spike was a big proponent in OoT 5 dungeon
so similar vibes from 4 spirits
What the firecracker is happening with your tracker?
oot have warps songs and you can hess everywhere
I really wish pape had something similar to warp songs
without using homeward shroom how long would it take from tubba's room to crystal kings room?
Spike is certainly a character. Great human being.
oot also has like glitch warps and shit for travel its just kinda cool
oh man thats an interesting idea
pape races but its literally racing from one part of the map to another
So, if I'm reading this right.. Watt based checks and progression unlocks have a really high value of important items?
I mean, it's a TAS anyway, why bother with rules
why use a shyguy when watt is there :)
So, Chapter 4 is stacked. Got it.
"Because I don't care anymore" hmm
idk why a Shy guy isn't there
Yea they only use the boss for like 3 of them
Why not boss for all of them
ugh...still testing positive for covid...I NEED TO WORK!!
Yeah. The Watt over Shyguy threw me off.
Kris I'm sorry to hear that
Merlow probably includes Star Haven shop
is Merlow just Star Summit in general
youd think for fortress it would be a koopa bro if it has tubbas heart. It just lacks consistency
There is a lot of inconsistency with the tracker icons, yeah.
koopa bros with the pointing stance, to be very different from Kooper
Phantom like time to break the ge
missed the streams where have you been?
what how did I miss that
twas a fun stream of pikachu resests lol
did you skip over the Lets go part?
need a 3rd hand to keep up with the dragging
is slow go on the tracker Kappa
hell I didn't know Slow go existed till the rando
volcano could've been that pogplant sprite at least, maaan
trying to find the cool ones
the readme mentions that supreme chose most of the icons so I'm not sure they'll change
yeah I feel its a little much in this game
Yeah. This is definitely cheating. KEKW "Prioritize going here".
I dont wanna PLAY this shit
I guess it's good for learning the rando?
it could be cool to have some kind of hint to know an area is barren but its a bit much
the fun in pape races is seeing everyone split up
you might as well be reading the spoiler logs at this point
I tried the points mode in the KH2 randomizer once and when I found out it did this as well, I wasn't a fan of it either, so I get the sentiment. However, as a feature I think it's at least newbie friendly.
Oh for sure. Totally agree, but for someone that gets easily lost/doesn't know every item off by heart.
Map tracker probably works better for new players tbh
Like, actually reading the spoiler log and routing it to be optimal?
Spoiler log you get like 20m to route and it's cool
Whenever I see WW races do it the routes split based on player level it's always neat to see
spoiler log race but a week of prep
They did one that had a day of prep once that was an allsanity
oh btw, spoiler log overhaul inc soon. incl move costs etc
like yall I hope yall did the homework
Everything for your stream on bit . do/fVRFL
Can we get a two player co-op rando where one player is blindfolded, and is actually playing the rando, and the other person is on call with them with the spoiler log but can only communicate with a set list of vocal commands.
But he had to go o7
did you see jcog added the tricks to race settings?
I didn't even see what it said
tbf for this whole thing, it's intended for very casual players to have faster seeds w/o actually reading the log
@VikiHexen if they are blindfolded how can they see the log?
Phantom I finally did it I have a layout now
If that's the intent, I can see that being a plus
It's as rancidly put together as my pre-glenn one but it looks good enough
you dont have to worry about that, its still on the github lol
Once it's more available, you'll probably want to discuss banning it
whats the zero on the key for?
spike is aiming for around 3hr seeds using this, on lvl 15 start, 4 spirits seeds
wasn't power jump badge found in jungle tho? or was that not a badge in the list
Hey we should make laki faster for that room
today he got to star haven at 4 hours, I kinda wonder if they speedy spin
I got a sub 3:30 once and that was on paperaces LMAO
how are you guys beating this game in under 4 hours
Yeah my first rando seed was like 8 hours, my second one took ~5hr
yeah I got better at each seed
i'm at around 4 hours rn too
yet you always beat jcog lol
I like the bot going huh
some people can be better at routing
oh, that reminds me. I used a weekly race of yours for timing a sample run down to what actually took how much time. for science. I can post it on discord if you want to see that breakdown
i'd love to do fusion rando with people
cause i've been practicing fusion rando a lot
that shy guy is the bane of my existence
wish I was better at it
fusion rando does sounds cool too bad I don't know the game very well
I can do a seed in about an hour and a half
could you put it in and see?
You already saw a Bubble Berry somewhere else, right?
I think it was on the beach?
quizmo  being red is disturbing me
id want this tracker to have d down jump if I used it
can you make it give you negative points?
I got into bowser with 15HP, unblock claw puts me at 6, fresh, unblock flame then im peril. Feeling fine would ruin my strats
If I pelt popcorn chicken hard enough at my screen, do you think a couple might make it through to you? KEKWait
@blacktiger51 I got a regional this weekend so I've been actually playing fighting games for a change
i'll have to try it out sometime
3 of the points for a fucking smiley face
I wish I could fuck bowser as hard as feeling fine does
M4, do you know how to build it?
no slow go but you put feeling fine?
the tracker is on github, so youd have to build it rn
there's no way someone in the race community did this
yeah I don't know how to build hsit
Phantom could probably just give you the tracker from his
I have a lot of stuff to do for pape races
bc nobody else is willing to touch beginner routes
I hate looking at it, but at the same time I wanna see M4's reaction
dude I thought "so i'm doing a tas rando" was a random bot vomit
until axl made it show up again
This is basically taking a rando and making it out to be base game again. If you think about it, this really is just playing the normal run but with things shuffled around and then none of that matters because you have a set path anyways.
this is so weird and definitely cheating
Hey Monado guess what emote we have fresh
is this your first rando w/it
I can't stick around though, one of my dogs got a dental today and she's in a bit of discomfort so I'm gonna spend some time with her. Good luck with the rest of the rando <3
so you got bored and started cheating in UNDER 80 minutes
Give the doggie 3 pats on the head for me
this is truly a time of all time
But with a more reasonable tracker. KEKW
im mad about danger mario not being worth points but the smily face is
I will not get over that
It takes away so much of the mystery.
I love how this whole stream is just shitting on it
I mean it's a cool idea for... not us
we are not the target audience
It's cool enough for learning but it's not gonna be a standard
lmao the divide over this. spike's chat was happy there is finally a "hint system", and in here people are flabbergasted
I still think danger mario should be worth points
Are we the elitist assholes? KEKW
only if we start arguing it is bad
this isn't objectively bad im mostly just confused
absolutely! always catches me off guard how different people outside of the rando discord see the rando
also if they wanted a hint system,
Well spike is also playing the rando starting out at super high level, completely different style of playthrough already
there is literally a vanilla one
oh "elitist asshole" I thought you said "elitist Axl" KEKW
yeah you know who it's directed for really
it's not quite this robust but im surprised they felt the need
If we are the elitist assholes I'd be very okay with how wholesome this community is phanto274Shrug
If you find a single badge, you can skip to the end
ddown jump that badge is bad that's no mega jump there
Mega jump is all the damage you need
@mx_four Put a smiley face on it maybe it'll be good
look as long as it increases my atk by 2 while im in danger we are good
I guess you haven't seen Cake Mix?
Cake mix is lost in the wild
so according to this tracker, badges are required for progression?
tbh though I do think this idea is cool
it just seems. outta touch with what the rando community is interested in is all
but yknow, not the target audience and all that
what's the inside joke on feeling fine?
then again, maybe we are out of touch, tunnel visioning
it's not rly an inside joke - the badge is just really bad. status is very rare and it also reduces the duration of helpful things like repel gels
Goombario was like the first thing we saw
oh that's something I didn't know actually! if it's cheap I usually equip it actually, it's good to know
If they toned it down to JUST the chapters as a whole, then it might be okay, honestly. That way it does give you an idea of where to go, but it's still fairly vague. Like.. Only have Chapter 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 listed. Not all of these smaller categories.
it doesn't come up much haha
I think there there also was discussion of getting this tracker auto-tracking
yeah :) repel lasts exactly 2 turns
unless you have the funny face on
I would love for you to read my above message, if it's not too much trouble.
That moment when you start a rando and see that toybox has 90+ points in it. o _o
I was in Haggs stream this morning and he said he does have interest in picking up pape but wishes the community was larger.
Does Goombario has a value in the tracker? If it does, doesn't it skew the value of the section he is in?
Goombario should be worth 50 imo
I have noticed that the bot likes adding lol to everything in recent times. I'm scared. It's gonna say some really effed up stuff one day, and then just go lol
The bot saying lol so much is powerful
He needs to keep doing it
well it DID just talk about choice band meowscarada
The bot has gotten significantly less horny though
He was down BAD for a while
ok gl getting sub 2 hours with your cheating device
I gotta do pape races stuff
dude I have to do all bosses without clippy
Can we all try to get the bot to go through an angsty "But mooooooom" teenager phase?
Getting sub-2 in a game with an hour of cutscenes YEP
ive been assigned to practice saves
if you would really like to help maybe you can do the beginner route for  a sample run
but I gotta make sure it works first
omg, pink Watt is beautiful. I haven't checked out PMR in a while.
I assume this is not on the table for channel point rando seed redemption
you should be doing the expert route with dizzy shell instead
both of those would've maxed dizzy shell no question
that 3rd one also probably would have lmao
I am never killing children again now
True I forgot about the yoshis
can you sushie glitch to skip jr?
it looks like a Jynx KEKW
gotta bounce, hf on the rest ig
There is no buff00n to get banned so I have no gifts to give
your tracker I can glace at how many ruins keys I have, but this I have to look over the whole tracker AND count them
isn't it also 4 different tabs of items?
The item here could also be a Fortress Key
each tab was the different point values, so one for 9, one for 7, etc
Ends up being blue key lmao
Did you determine that no minor items can be needed anymore?
Rune why you pin that rofl
So desert village is done? Minor item and badge makes 8
Okay. The process of yeeting popcorn chicken at you until one goes through has begun.
someone asked, what was the first game you got day 1. My first game was BCC KEKW
what a let down that was
I feel like I've read before that. it does actually protect against freezing even though it doesn't note that there
"surely" after bn3 it could only get better, right?
So are Tubba keys the only things you care about now?
They added so many more enemy colors and partner colors since I played
Quickly now, switch back to the regular tracker. No one will know.
Let's hope all 3 tubba keys are in the ruins
Ice King? More like..... Coal King gottem
To be fair, I'm pretty sure this boss hates you too.
His little buddies looked like coal
Who even is he, and why does he hate us?
Here is what you do, finish this run then tomorrow stream the vod with your tracker over it. Cheer100
so is he part of a union?
crystal king really is the only character with like no context to him lol
Yeah, that's a good point. We have backstory on a fair amount of other bosses, but like NOTHING on him
I feel like crystal king is just character quota
Crystal King! I knew Ice King didn't sound right, lol. My brain is not working today
theres no bowser going "grrr why the fuck didnt crystal king win" or something at the end
Ice boss go brr. Get it? KEKW
thank you for suffering thru this so we dont have to
Cheating is fair game in paper mario rando
Isnt this guy immune to like all status?
ngl i'd find it entertaining watching experienced racers do a "cheating" race
I remember using Shrink Stop on him in my vanilla playthrough.
No, Tutankoopa did not equip FeelingFine
At least you got life shrooms to buy at toad town
be kind of interesting to see who would go where
@YamiKuroya Spoiler log races are a regular thing in zelda randos
They get like 20 minutes before the run to look at the log and do a makeshift route
So what Toad Town items have you not turned in?
did you buy the calc from boo shop
Woah new tracker looks confusing, then again I'm not too familiar with speedruns
ooooh that makes sense for zelda, the games are so big
and yeah I could see that, phantom, i'd just be curious where/if people would split off
Since I'm busy eating, thank you for saying what was in my brain, Phantom.
I guess you already turned in Dictionary then?
I mean it doesn't take much work for a TAS being a bot
new tracker? I find it confusing?
I mean a castle key could be in the castle now
I figured it would be in castle
Did you return dictionary and pan?
so if zero that means that section (like get bombette to get parakarry) has nothing left for progression? if I understand riight
you probably get a lot of questions
but I was at work and could not join at the start, sorry
You didn't miss the Sushie check or anything, right?
ah ok, so start, toad town, tunnels, sss, koopa village, fortress etc
Ah, so the characters/items symbolize areas
Last Tubba Key is in Tunnels, Flower Fields, Tubba's Castle
I can see how this point system can be helpful to the runner but it's harder for viewers to understand. with the old one I could easily tell what you had/didn't have and if you were Go for a chapter
Seems interesting on paper, could help with memory' basically what abootoo said
you can tell from the start which areas have a lot of progression items, and later which ones still have any, makes it harder to miss something...
It's not bad per se and I could see it being used but the other one was in my opinion (and seemingly everyone else's) better
Okay, so explain this new tracker thing involving points.
is one item = one point, or are different items valued differently
so Jungle has one misc key item
And so, among different people. Whoever gets the most points on their playthrough, is the winner?
Oh so there's kind of a math thing involved too, neat. I think I could have fun with that honestly because I'm a nerd and if it makes my brain work, it's good 8D
Oh, so right now, next to the Watt symbol, there are 5 checks to find?
The bot said he's doing a TAS rando twice, can't be a coincidence. We're gonna hold him to that
watt = all of chapter 4
So like a single misc key item
it's tough to tell which partners you have. it's in the tracker tho but I have to look carefully
So the points are basically hints on what's locked there.
So, what's in the star summit?
cant believe you probably gonna beat your pb by cheating
is merlow including star haven shop though?
Probably lots of random stuff in Star Haven shop
so tunnels is either 2 misc key items, or 1 required item + 1 badge
What's go mode? Heard the phrase, and I think I may have asked this before
I had my 3rd Tubba Castle key in the SAME spot just 2 seeds ago.
have all items needed to complete the game
A key, but not THE key.
Tubba's castle is kinda gross dude needs to clean up
What kinda spiders live in those webs
hammer and boots anywhere next seed?
The term 'what' is an emote what the heck
What is tubba's diet besides ghosts
No boots and hammer to start, yeah. I was about to ask for that too.
I mean realistically they could be scuttlebugs
I will be down for that @VikiHexen
Ah. They're spider-like enemies but I think that was contextually obvious
Sciuttlebugs are the red spider guys in hazey maze cave
Hammerless is one thing, but Bootsless is in another ballpark.
You can do gearless when they patch in saving
Well they're different looking now but yea
I feel like Goombario being valued higher than a required item is a crime
What about bootless but you get hammer? : D
They're purple and yellow striped nowadays. Yeah Goombario should be -1 point
It would screw up stuff too which would be amusing
slow go should also be -1 point
NSMB Wii, Sticker Star, I think origami king
They were in the pyramid I believe
Neither do I tbh, except the final area and how Mario brutalized the final bosses
64's my favorite of them, while I'm at it TTYD is overrated (but still good)
SPM is also overrated and it's good but ever since SPM Paper Mario games haven't been the same
I liked Super Pape bc I'm a platformer player lol
I was so excited for Origami King, and then all of the bosses were school supplies. FeelsPencilMan
I have fond memories of both 64 and TTYD
I disliked super pape because I'm hyper picky with my platformers
I thought spm had a good story but the rest of it I could take or leave
The ideas were cool but I just don't like how it plays
Where does tubba run off to lol
If I had a nickel for every time bowser Jr was canonically cut into pieces by scissors I'd have two nickels, which isn't a lot but it's weird that it happened twice
Buy a million Life Shrooms YEP
I don't know how I feel about being lvl 7
Always wondered why bowser didn't use the Star rod to just kill Mario once things got rough
this would be much simpler with 50 fp
Aaaaand the bot is on crack again.
I mean yeah but he's not stupid like Dimentio, Bowser should know when to stop messing around
@x_the_g00n_x he kinda did in the prologue. the star spirits brought Mario back to life
When the last time we had Bowser get serious
yeah Mario kinda died in the beginning
I think Odyssey counts, even though the scenario and his form of combat was incredibly goofy
Bowser was pretty serious in odyssey
do I count Bowsers Fury eh
He surely wanted to marry the Wife
Well the scenario was pretty normal just not sure why Bowser had to use the hat. Should have ditched it after the first fight
Bowser deserves peach more than mario
Bowser still deserves Peach to this day
there's at least one more blue berry in there
Nah Bowser was SERIOUS in Odyssey now that I think of the fact that he hired a frickin dragon I mean where'd he get it
I thought we had established that
Bowser can do better than peach tbh, she's useless as both a character and a ruler
..... I wonder if it also has peach's castle too now
Also lied about the cake in SM64, she doesn't even own an oven smh
im p sure turtles are dragons :)
Needs to spend less money on castle renovations and more on an army
yeah that would make sense lol
21 still just seems so high though
Either included with Bowser or excluded entirely
my country agrees w you, g00n
well Bowser Inside Story and SMRPG he had a legit army
two badges and a misc key item then, makes sense
In SPM and Galaxy we can see she has armed guards
She has Toads, they're just... Toads...
ah so it's telling you what items or points or something are possible in each location?
every single one of them toads useless
And seriously she treats Mario like crap sometimes, like TTYD she pulls him out of his personal life to hunt treasure for her.
And tried to leave him stranded on the moon with bowser in odyssey
my man only has 15 fp
is she a 'you dont have a choice' kinda ruler?
help me hunt this treasure! or 12 years dungeon, 7 years no trial
I mean Mario could say no if he wasn't a damn simp
I'd like to see her arrest Mario tbh
Peach has good PR then - I never pegged saw her as a dictator, but mb she is
Hopefully peach will be better in the movie
If you lose you know what to blame
Send it to jcog for science
you did skip ch1 and ch 5
not much faster? isn't this basically a pb your very first run?
This fight is gonna be so slow
this is like someone in chat with the log saying, "there is nothing in the desert, dont go there"
Desert dead yall don't go there
whats with the stripe in the sky
just this Final Bowser gonna be rough
that's the sun, axl - but you might wanna get your reflexes checked
I have never seen this much lightning
nvm triple heal fiht, triple lightning fight
Bowser played his magic card... RAIGEKI!!!
and they say lightning doesnt strike twice...
I mean it didn't strike twice
Bowser REALLY doesn't wnat you PBing.
Also no quick change in that tracker
I understand peril strats not being casual but quickchange is busted no matter the context
why is Quick Change not on there
this is THE most scuffed Final Bowser
I feel a WEE bit responsible
Time to start a new seed?
time to start a new seed
those Bad RNGs came in clutch
I bring bad luck, i'm sorry
any% bowser strats but in randfo
woke up to see the bot doesn't make sense.
can you do the next with this tracker? so I can see how it works from the start. thanks
Why the devil is 'what' an emoji.
@abootoo I have a feeling that would be an unpopular decision
do you think this tracker contributes to not being prepared enough?
I also want this tracker, but I think I'll wait for the Youtube video
34k points until I am a VIP.
Just to find out how it works
I feel this tracker took in account of having high lvls
What do you play on, hardware or emulator?
Ah. Never had one but I'd love to play modded games on it
Is this the same seed or nah? Sorry if ya said this already, I was performing job-related activities
feels like over half of that is just in ch 7 and 8
now imagine it's TTYD, the length is tripled, and you ahve to mash the text lmaoo
mansion cutscene first time entering that screen too
Plus when the 6 Boos come in there to hold the door.
Plus all of the Tubba Blubba stuff.
plus how long the two boo minigames are
train as well, but that's minor
mayor and bucket and scarf cutscenes are so long
I never did until now either XD
One of them was only 10 coins though.
Ah now I can look at the bottom corner of the stream
I love how he sells you his own missing Calculator.
Just as soon as you mentioned the weight not being meaningful...
It slides into your key items.
Why do you say that? It gives you access to the whole Boo's Shop.
I put in a suggestion for the Whale to have randomized colors, like the other NPCs in the game.
Oh, it seems Fuzzipede doesn't have randomized colors either...
Do npcs like merlon and whacka have colors
I would like to suggest color filters that you can put over the seed. Like.. Sepia filter.
No, the ones the Lava Piranha buds spit out on the second half of the boss fight.
I found the Red Yoshi Kid letter in one of these trees on my last seed. And I had just rescued him around the Whale scene. So it was perfect timing.
I mean.. just turn on the other tracker and find out. KEKW
I've had them at 2BP on 4 seeds.
Oh, you're using Balanced Random. I use Fully Random for the BP amounts.
ok what the fuck is this
well I guess this is a star piece seed
I noticed the other day that every partner had unique dialouge in rando for approaching Boo's Mansion for the first time. Nice they added that in.
Welp, I gotta go, guys. See y'all later!
A front loaded seed 20 minutes in??? I take it Goombario is somewhere safe where he can't be forced on you
honestly giving fice t the letter like that feels like saying "you know that ghost you just saw?  it wants to GET YOU it told me so right here"
we are a non-zero part of why that toad has nightmares
Early Super boots seems like a lot to me
poor sushie, just being tossed like a ragdoll
Saving yoshis? monkaS I still have nightmares the time they gave Goombario
that one weekly race seed phanto274Smile
I'd be down to watch that and probably ask some questions.
I know I would be interested for learning some of the tricks
my rando went Godawfully, but I enjoyed the experience
Same here. Take in all I could learn
as I'm just starting and learning
can you teach us English raph skip?
Ok boot up the practice rom I wanna see it
I will show u English raph skip with laki  Kappa
random question, is there a TTYD randomizer?
ah, so nothing like this one
How do I tell my baby brother that he is not immune to the cold grip of inevitable death
I mean I told him he just doesn't believe me
just have him watch all dogs go to heaven
fun fact, ive got a 102 fever and just tested positive for covid
I had the 3DS growing up. I'm too young to hate this generation but I hate this generation
what's your star piece count at?
I missed Miiverse when it got took down but looking back, Nintendo took too long to kill that monstrosity
Now that we bring that up, wonder how hard it would be to track star pieces and coins and stuff
surprised they didn't bring Miiverse to the Switch
Yeah it was cool but it was also the social media equivalent of adding voice chat to SMM2 Online
Damn why's the bot advertising his discord
Woah pink gourmet guy! He reminds me of my brother (the self-proclaimed immortal one)
Just had a Sundae, I don't think I like cool whip anymore it's like a saucy marshmallow
my household is a "canned whipped cream" canned whipped cream or riot
I'm a cool whip guy. loooooove cool whip.
Some places put age restrictions on canned cool whip
phantom this tracker sucks can you cheat again
It's like candy corn you can only have like 2 bites before your stomach dies
Whacka has some sexy tears made of stone
If anyone can name the 3 types of rocks without looking it up I'll eat my headphones
minecraft blocks haha thats all I know
I'll eat my AirPods cause that's funny
@x_the_g00n_x igneous metamorphic sedimentary. boom, hs chemistry teacher'd
Did not think there would be a teacher here
WAIT IS THAT THE JOB FROM BREAKING BAD XUSNFHANCHK
how do you think I could speedrun the game cause I cant really record as I play on the wii
I agree with black tiger. MORE CHEATING!!
Well guess I gotta eat my headphones
I worked in industry a bit then xfered to ap chem teacher
you mean you GET to eat your headphones
@x_the_g00n_x thats truly unfortunate hope they taste good tho
no offense, but I hope they dont
There he is. I knew it was too good to be true LUL
Congrats. This seed is now doomed and cursed
One of these days whackas gonna flip his shit
@x_the_g00n_x If you've ever heard of dark star or masterquest, whacka does in fact, lose his shit.
Lord of the Sith Goombario wants first hammer to be deep Sadge
doesn't he flip out og game too if you hit him enough
...... why do I have memories of him getting really mad and attacking you from my childhood then omg
He has an unused battle sequence
I think in dark star, he has 999hp. lol. and does a shit ton of damage.
whacka gets abused too much D:
I'm guessing btw. that's a complete guess. lol
Back. Watched the master quest battle
Honestly I love the concept of him being OP and fighting back if ya hit him too much. Wish they would have done that as opposed to' condoning animal abuse I guess?
Looked nowhere as hard as Koopa Koot though
Such is the evil power of Darth Goombidious
Every. Single. Time. Goombario is found and the seed is doomed and cursed LUL
What has Goombario done to this seed? LUL
This may as well be a blue key seed at this rate phanto274Shrug
maybe it the rando just telling you not to cheat like last seed again phanto274Shrug
this seed is something else. lol
Rip Cheeto is not Santa LUL
and the last check is power rush Kappa
It's a shame you turned in the frying pan. You could have made some fresh egg omelette with Jr.
Anyway yeah all you gotta do is drag Jr to the kitchen
That aside; yikes the in-video subtitles'll make any word an emote won't it
Or won't they, too tired for grammar
we can beat chapter 4 now Kappa
wonder if there's something in the storeroom.
I was gonna redeem it after u was done drinking
its gonna be vanilla red key this seed
we wanted to see the 40 second cutscene
'There is nothing more cringe than using the word cringe' -John Cena, probably
Yoooo dodge master now you can dodge easier!!!!!!1! (I am funny please laugh)
I just learned a kurki stun/tod combo
Woah I didn't know the hammers got colors too
is it even possible to hit these guys with a tornado jump
I feel like I've had it work literally never
Ah wish I woulda known that. I've always been awful at power bounce for my playthrough
you run pokemon park, dont think I dont see you
How when you wii waggle you dont slam your arm into your desk?
I thought I was the only person who knew pokepark existed
ive hit my hand 4 times playing DK Returns LUL
Ya that's partially why I brought it up, wish I could have been there tbh
Donkey Kong Country is a series without flaw
As long as you ignore potential flaws
I hate they made running a power up
We need a new Wario Land that's what we need
@x_the_g00n_x or play the 3DS version
DKC can be excused for absence since it has a damn good soundtrack to keep up with. Pizza Tower seems cool but has a notable lack of Wario which is a killing point for me
the level design is top notch
best donkey kong game is dkc2
yeah weegee, phantom needs to finish at least 1 seed today KEKW
Is the tracker automatic or manual
What's an AntonBlast I'm uncultured as frick
do you own a copy of donkey kong county 2?
Pain is fun when strangers laugh at your misfortune on the internet
rip I was gonna say put it on the wheel
there is no tracker for fusion rando. well there is, but it's just items
Still I hope Warioware doesn't end up being the only Wario Series
if only there was a way to cut the cutscenes
that is... more than I thought
we're not counting tiny things like loading zones right?
so everytime we do a run can we take off 40 minutes
does menus count give Gguy cake?
I have seen jcog get fp plus in like the 1st couple checks and he check the cost as soon as he get it in a race
Y'know if ya put that on last run, bowser woulda died
i've pretty much determined that without special tricks, the first 10 minutes of a fusion rando is about the same
blue key check lets go Kappa
I forget sometimes that prologue goes off chapter 1 scale
this literal sick looking Goomba King
that sort of "I need to swap partners anyway, let's do it in battle" seems like the sorta thing that gets you minimum menus
PhantomGamesBot edges closer and closer towards coherent sentences
still I don't think many people would even think to optimize that
This is also one of my favorites songs
How many checks are in volcano w/o hammer? 3?
If Blue Key check is Red Key you did the fight for nothing
It's better if Red Key is not in that one specific location... which in this case it was
Oh my I'm growing a beard help me
just switch the room to jp
kooper: "I found a bunch of explosives in there!"
actually @MarioManTAW have a better idea
There technically would be precedent for removing the room (shortened ch8) or having it be open (volcano escape)
the real answer is import the JP maps already so we can use the glitch
an option to turn the doop fights off is something I agree with but not getting rid of them some people may use them for sommmme extra exp
I like it too, its just weird
delete Kolarado, remove him from the game
Back from the dead what did I miss
we need kolarado to move not talk
I hope the last tubba key is here
rawk hawk gives me an excuse to bust out my hercule voice
Some guy was trying to tell me that there's a film better than The Mask (1994)
have a good night, thanks for the stream
Auto emote bugs the hell outta me for some reason
How did he pump blood without his heart
I'm no biologist but I play enough medic in TF2 to know that you don't remove the heart without replacing it for enlarged primate organs
Yeah but like uh, why didn't bowser keep the heart with him I wonder
Not gonna say bowsers the smartest guy so I'll let it slide
I mean his heart doesn't look like it can pump anything to be fair
My moneys on the Star Rod personally
did u ever bought the last item from rip?
Q: Does he yield? A.) No  B.) Yes  C.) He Does Not  D.) He Does
its 7 am ill head to sleep have a good one everyone
lets see if bowser will be cooperative
How long have you been running pm?
Oh that's more recent than I thought
you didn't use your cheating tool this seed so bowser is nice
we don't talk about that jokehoWalk
No reason that shouldn't hit watt except she's made of plasma
How does Mario resist the power, he's inhumanly heroic
I don't care much for let's go but I'll try and stop by, stay hydrated
are you talking to someone? They're low af
Nintendo needs to stop fuckin around and throw Prime Trilogy on Switch
I never beat Metroid prime 2 I would like to play it again
last time I show u was live is when u was playing rune factory and that was a long time ago
this mailman's my dude: complete instigator
I saw it and was confused
You wouldnt time me out right
someone's modding Robin into UMvC3 for some reason
he is a runner for the category pleases the virtual character
I'd give bad rng more often, but in the event that a really good pace dies cuz of rng, I feel like the runner will hunt me down
alright I opened a third time
@SeventyFourTG who are you? who is the streamer,?why am I here?
Hi. I want to offer promotion of your channel, viewers, followers, views, chat bots. The price is lower than any competitor, the quality is guaranteed to be the best. Auto-on. Incredibly flexible and convenient order management panel, everything is in your hands, turn it on/off/customize. Go to dogehype dot com
whatever succeeds the Switch, it needs some fuckin horsepower
doesn't need horsepower that compares to PS5 or Series X, it just needs more than the Switch
cuz recent Switch games have been chugging
I'm glad I haven't missed splat yet
I wasn't saying it was hard
it's a good thing this game was well made to beaten without important items
I don't want a game with a sword
@buff00n tbf it does have an upgrade
because they have too much time on their hands
I just got back did I miss anything
that why the timer says 12 mins lmao
if  you  get  an  email  saying  hot  wavefrog  slut  gets  fucked  by  ampibious  dont  open  it  its  a  virus  that  puts  wavefrogs  between  all  your  words  I  fell  for  it  again
not a fan of Wario's absence
Is there a particular run timer app that you all prefer? not looking for like splits tracker or anything, just basic timer
that 1 glitch I haven't seen before
haven't watch a speed run for this for awhile
last time I seen 1 is after someone found barrier skip and the hover to get to the final boss
last time I played this game I did the boss key skip in the Earth Temple I hate that stupid place
I like all of the dungeons in this game, none of them are annoying to go through for me
they have a goombario pfp on NSO
the rest of the dungeons are great
I think the expansion pack is worth it for Goombario
it was way before item slide was found
I wish I still had my wii u the new glitches looks fun
I will order Little sNeeder's pizza
Opened up my old Gamecube today and found a dust bunny inside
what is robin doing in your gamecube
moving to my new house lmao
@mvd731 should we rent a car again?
too good I told you this
mega lives close to us so, we might not have to lmao
idk who tf is coming to level up lmao
is it you and buffoon only?
so 4 of us, cley also lives with me so like, we have options
renting might just be easier lol, shouldnt be a lot
@buff00n renting prob idea, venue is like 20 minutes from the house, ubers arent too expensive but for the sake of convenience our own car would be better prob
also, everyone message me dates of when you arrive and all that
can I get a birthday shoutout for my brother luke
i've had it open actually but I didn't type anything
good job on the world record
yeah, I'mma need this on YouTube asap
I forgot how much I like Twix bars
the pb twix bars are goat'd
PLEASE show off the hidden rooms in Forever Forest
I legit didn't know about that until I played on stream
Forest and Desert paths would be very appreciated
I just didn't know how to find the 1st hidden room for the forest without a map until you pointed out the big ass rock lmao
it's the year of the Bunny. I need more bunny suit Lucina on my timeline
there is 1 trick I have no idea how to do but it is a glitch trick
can I get a luigi skip tutorial
I just need to stop running into enemies in Toad Town Tunnels lol
youll never learn how to do it now
look at how much time you wasted doing that trick KEKW
yea comparatively this laki jump sucks
once you told me about the momentum, I havent missed it since
Aw nuts I missed some, Ill rewatch what I missed later
Yea but it looks cool thats whats important
tell that to laki artifact jump
omg thats how I get past that shyguy omg
can that fly guy still reach you if you in the wall?
I miss this movement after playing ttyd
ttyd makes you appreciate the pm64 things you take for granted
is Phantom being a teacher today?
one thing worth noting but doesnt apply to race settings, if you break the block by the save block before coming here the 3 blocks here will be solved.
is this, ruins, and tubba table the only laki jumps?
when will you be showing reverse goomba king im setting an alarm
I find this easier then the other way
I just walk into the wall til I get it lol
I thought you said this would be a long video
Teach me how to play Paper Mario plz. Kappa
I have 0 idea on the movement to get out homeward shroom is op
"first, we need to talk about parallel universes"
In order to better understand this trick, we have to talk about "the void"
A glitch that works on English only? That's rare.
I didn't know that actually. That's kinda cool.
Hello, and welcome to boundary break
Where we take the camera... anywhere we want
welcome to pc land, please remove your shoes upon entry
Hated LP in my first playthrough but hes not too hard
Oh I didn't know that happened, always wondered why you had to wait for that in randos
Is this gonna be a youtube vid?
Have you showed everyone the Goombario strats yet? Kappa
Yea those dark koopas are brutal for me here haha
thank you FeelsBadMan no notches yet but soon
all my homies hate this bee
I mean the puff isnt much better, but the bee is the worst
I do in fact bait both of these lol
I need to watch this again
I barely get past bubba lol
I feel like thats super fragile
i'm gonna have to rewatch this later on youtube lol, I got here super late
just got here a couple minutes ago, but I'm thinking!!
fingers crossed the trick I was hoping for is in there phanto274Smile
I'll be happy with any time saves lol
its lenght of spin I fuck up
oh man, that's a rough one.
Since I took off emu it's been night and day difference
you have to know where to be
my consistency is awful with that one but ive hit it a few times
I'll have to check back after the YouTube vid
I joined a little late, did you cover sewer spiny room?
Can you show Tubbas Spike Room?
Think they might ever incorporate coach races?
my biggest trouble is the drone hallway in tubba's
cause yeah, every time I try to do the spin cancel method, I get caught
Bow-less Tubba Castle made me better at doing full spins
oh I meant where the capture things are, the things that take you to the entrance
@MarioManTAW its what taught me full spins too lol
are there any visual / audio cues we might be able to use help with the hallway?  just for if you aren't used to the timing
oooooh that's great to know, thank you!
you said youre gonna do a seed after this?
I'm also back from eating. and I can't think of anything off the top of my head.
I'd love to see you do some bosses haha
like during the seed is cool
fun fact, I no longer need a map for metroid fusion rando
I just wanna see how you menu tbh xD
if you don't mind + didn't do it earlier, i'd appreciate if you could even quickly do the water spout puzzle (i know it's less of a room and more of a trick so)
would you do a part 2 eventually? I'd like to run a rando and come up with some questions
say less, because I struggle with huff n puff constantly
Phantom being a chill teacher today
I mustve just gotten up my bad haha
oooooh fantastic!  I missed the very beginning, so very excited for that youtube vid
omg thats way faster xD say less haha
all this stuff is gonna be much easier once I get my everdrive
I appreciate it haha, I mustve gotten up right during that part haha
likely i'll be using a standard n64 controller
what made you wanna do teaching today?
Can you explain how you decide what to check next during a seed?
He saw some of my hot garbage tech this week xD
well I forsure really appreicate it, already gave me some nice time saves
oh!  I just remembered asdfjkl; do you know if the practice rom also works on emulators too?
I did see Pape popping off last night
so you know how I said fusion rando starts are always the same for the first 10 minutes? not so much if you get morphball as first item
excellent, I have two different emulators, so it'll have to work on one
morphball first item means just go straight to sectors
why do we even have to get back the star rod, can't bowser keep it /jk
That Goombario Skip was clean. First try.
kooper, you really couldnt look around? he must need glasses
already lost. I hate this game.
Hii phantom and chat! How's the teaching going
I've been a sub for 6 months, and that's the first time I've seen someone get it right.
I feel like I won the lottery, just without the money
might as well get an extra 5 star pieces for close call?
doing another seed, got VERY early screw attack
I would immediately forget what I item I picked up lol
I didn't know you can do that
I will say, after watching enough rando vids I can hear when you get items vs. badges
OH that makes a ton of sense actually, I thought it was either or for logic with the cake
Is it faster to pick up items by hammering them?
when you say anti-guy is in logic, as in you might have to fight anti-guy?
I'm so glad youre saying all this, because like this is what all my hand notes say, it makes me feel like im thinkming through logic correctly
OH I was so curious about that
one of those ruins keys you got from a hidden block though right?
how much does a higher/lower chapter increase/decrease the HP? like +1/-1 kinda thing?
Theres a couple of spreadsheets out there too, I always have one open
The stream loaded on first try
I didnt know you could jump on those button tbh
is there a benefit to doing the slots?
so also just like real life, gotcha
oh got ch 7 ch 4 ?oof
oh wait what made this out of logic? I mightve missed it
her fan smack can come in handy at times
ah I see, the more you know
expensive badges and expensive bombette is part for the course
I hear that badge is great for bowser
that thing should subtract 3 points on the tracker
no the other thing too though
oh yo we're on the randomizer now?
2 > 4 > 5 > 3 or whatever it's trying to route you to do lol
That badge did save me once against the dark koopas when I had absolutely nothing else lol
thinking about starting my first randomizer, recommended settings?
Besides N64, what is the best way to play?
Retroarch with mupen core as well
bizhawk mupen is best emu way
I only use 64 on Donk
oh rando doesn't even work on project64
64 never gave me issues, but I've never tried a rando
it especially doesn't work on Windows 11
is Mupen better than VC versions?
merlow's rewards don't work on project64, so you can softlock seeds
nah you can still softlock since you can't turn merlow's rewards off entirely so :'D
even tho OOT and MM randos work on VC
if the wrong item is on merlow, you're just sol
i've not had issues with using ares for rando but I also am p new to doing seeds so lol how good am I really, who knows-
Collect Goombario, this seed becomes unplayable. Just sayin'.
No weight an hour in hurts my soul every time
does tubbas heart have colors? Feel like that wouldn't be too hard to make colors for.
Fun Fact: Clubbas are unable to enter loading zones because they are biologically programmed to fear the unknown
explains why tubba fears death after having his heart taken out
Phantom I forget if I asked you this but do you like french fries
yeah I think I did ask that
lmao it was the scenic route
is this fast video game man?
this is the content I'm here to see
What technique you use for fast tapping?
I got my wish late and it feels bad
I see myself coming back to this and wishing I've asked something I neglected to ask here
inb4 4th key on Slow Go
But its almost 10 I doubt I can stay for the whole thing as much as I'd love to
Anti guy was easy in my vanilla playthrough
Only real difficulty I had was with General Guy, uhh Final Master fight, and Kent
Pretty sure only one of those would be fought here
Can wreck you if he gets the time, but he doesn't always get the time
Only issue with me starting a rando is that I'm not a speedrunner so I'd need to learn the skips n whatnot, and my attention span is too low to play through in one sitting
only 1 and half hours left
Why not going for the Ultra Boots check? Do you only need Odd Key?
what are the rest of them in rando, vanilla or repeat of the last?
Good, no condoning whacka abuse c:
halfway towards a rando seed lets gooo
the world record for most wild corvids inside a domestic household at one time is 9
Hey Phantom! Hope you've had a good night, and good luck! Wish I could've been here for the full lesson
that's good, cause I'm trying to get better at randos
it's currently taking me like 6 hours and idk why str9ngSadge
how do you line that up?
I didn't see you were doing this stream until just now. very cool
i'll for sure watch this back. i'm still doing my first run and its taking me a WHILE lol
My first rando was 7 hours I think lol
Imagine getting 4 capped on huff
I got my first star spirit at like hour 6 and then knocked out a few quick.
for standard race settings how long do runs take on average? obvs understanding variance
that's buckwild for all 7 stars lol
is it ever worth grinding levels early? or do you just expect to get them passively
right you're just hoping to kill things before they even get a chance to hit you
awww no mega rush, nevermind LUL
ah shit I miss the rando
guess I will catch this 1 on youtube
do you have other defensive badges on? last stand and what else
Did you enjoy my crusty ass windwaker gameplay yesterday
yeah it was fun watching the new glitches was cool
Tbh if I grind my swims again I could go for a top time again
It's just a matter of if I really want to lol
Although Joaish is playing it now he'd be fun to race if I grinded runera3Hmm
sounds like you're leaning towards "yes"
I still wanna have rf be my core
WW I can kinda just play
@RavenFP I only know 1 wind waker runner
I just remember everything I only have a single setup written down for pause storage lol
Wdym 30% give or take is pretty consistent
sorry that this was explained already, but how does dodge master come into play?
cough cough just use averages or triangular numbers cough
And do NOT use feeling fine
It will remove your repel gel
ive used feeling fine like twice FeelsBadMan
Thank you so much for that! its honestly already helped me a ton
This was a really good stream with the tips and the commentary.
Google translates all the text a lot
excited to watch the vod. thanks homie
when we getting the next part of dark star Kappa
"I'll send you a big hug jk rowling"
That is the greatest first time chat
You are my new favorite chatter
as they say, "every day you learn something new."
text doesn't exist, you just get item
text is faster by a factor of about 6
I guess it saves 5-10mib per seed
still time for me to join? :tf:
I remember when I wanted to actually join but then I realized I kinda dont like race settings
Damn, is this a fight ch7 scale lava piranha seed
you forgot to buy slow go Kappa
eating leftover chicken w/ brown rice, Monterey cheese and 2 sunnyside eggs
@joshfromsumter it's basic, but it's eazy to make and very filling
didn't someone actually guess correctly last time?
I guess 2 times right with 232
trick you did for the record, why what that banned from races?
gonna pretend she cooked a star bit a la Mario Galaxy
it's mostly noticable in text uninterrupted by animations
fancy seeing them chill on the beach
pink? lavender? my color is off lol
the wild goose chase for the weight this time? or actually late mansion
wot's with all these volt shrooms
lol and you are flipped just noticed
lol not too much just been big chillin
just complain you dont have something and the game will give it to you out of spite
I'm watched so many vods that I might as well try to catch you live
what the hell happened to her
she's going through her emo phase
she looks like she was in a cartoon explosion
She was too close to the sun
is this regular upgrade locations or full gear shuffle? I know races were experimenting with the latter
doing gusty gulch here feels bad
bye stanley, you'll be missed everytime
saw somethin but we dont snitch
help him you monster he's drowning
Help him, he doesn't know how to swim
before I got into pape rando I was entirely neutral on goombario but after seeing all of the hate for him I now love him
I never really understood it, the hate that is - just that he's kinda useless
c'mon... he's just a little guy... he's your friend........
he thinks mario is SO COOL and then mario leaves him to drown in the jungle
like if you cry every time
ch2 it is I guess lol
I was, and im not sure if I care tbh lol
Phantom, do I need to clip that/
is the kbf staircase skip entrance fix so bad? you seemed agast
haven't heard jcog's take on it, and I only know yours because I did watch the yt video over a week late
can't help you guys if you don't voice the opinions on the discord:p
I can still special case it *shrug*
yeah I can't exactly use that as an argument in the dev discord
I mean, I'm still saying just turn the shorten cutscenes option into a speedrun option that just nukes all dialogue and cutscenes
if people want cutscenes they can turn it off
yeah i've done a bunch of zootr and having no cutscenes is kind of great
they still do have some, like the oot water temple post boss cutscene is still almost a minute, but I know what we're getting at here
anyway, gotta bounce, gl hf on the rest
Was there a new skin/texture pack released recently?
can he do beam if you haven't lit up the room?
I thought he could only do it if the light was on
well, he's dead, so it doesn't matter
my best guess is that he only beams if you've hit the lantern at least once
general guy about to get obliterated
just cheat in fortress we won't tell anyone
"can I at least get capped" famous last words
you're being haunted by goombario's ghost
"you left me to die, mario.............."
it was all according to plan
peril strats and missing I mean
what happens if you never saved the yoshis? would you be just softlocked?
hopefully no one skipped the yoshis
the classic reverse boots upgrade seed
Sounds like it evens out. Two bads make a right?
lots of beating up children in chapter 7
weight's gonna be in like. star haven shop
god forbid he do his job
damj can't believe he's trying to do his job
judging by this two key items hidden behind optional things, maybe a third super important item is hidden behind... I dunno.... big boss blooper
you've exceeded even the boss blooper. you are now... big boss blooper
I was planning on it but barely missed it
I think my favorite part is how few power increasing badges you've found
why keep jam and jelly when you rarely get 50FP? for the money?
locked away for crimes against game balance
you might be based solely on yoshis and goomba king being required
top 4 of lmbm is max and rod so I cannot watch that shit
Gluto also just lost so idc
We should remove the mirror it confuses that one guy in the discord
so much money in this seed
can I offer you an egg in this trying time
just do super blooper too at this point. this seed is hateful
just a bunch of really great checks rn
but I am staring at 2 hours and only 2 star spirita
mario being pelted with rocks ASMR
the race is a teaching moment.  for bad seeds.
I'm at work for ot 
it teaches us that lord goombario giveth and lord goombario taketh away
still no way to get boots
Boots comes down to either Weight or Ruins Key at this point
mega quake being as cheap as it is, is a godsend
crying in the club for this trash seed
at least this is better than the new year's seed
new year seed was a trip
I think the funniest part of new years seed is that one could've gotten parakarry much earlier
frying pan, the hit new game now on PS4
2 hours and 19 minutes later, the first boots upgrade
yeah you definitely made the right call, this seed just sucks
Also that 4th Ruins Key is such a troll
what if something is behind the 4th key
GL!! Hope its not giving you too much trouble
you missed the worst of it
goomba king required. reverse boots; third ruins key in tubba's castle. weight behind super boots
come on, last fortress key on cloudy climb
never noticed the digimon in the background, clearly a man of culture
total playtime just for randomizer? or pape overall
was gonna say its gotta be more than that
my wife points out that there is a subway station in toronto named "pape"
What happens if you skip the check with a required item and use the Stsr Stone?
Would it ever be worth doing that check after beating 7 in a situation like this?
Mostly just if you found Fortress Key in Palace
Did you open the shortcut at least?
this is really a game about beating up kings
Been good, thanks. :) just been studying for the comptia a+ certification
Everytime I watch you play this game I remember how great this gane's ost is
Wanna eventually get into cybersecurity work
i'm assuming you're gonna up and away the duplighosts?
always forget that it's chapter 7's scale
Boy hits them to the moon LMAO
honestly you're so overpowered that idk how much it matters that you won't be in peril
unleashing the true power of the postal service
bowser is getting bully I see
this whole Bowser segment is kinda laughable
you and m4 were on the same turn
imagine if you hadn't full cleared
yeah I was watching the finishes with baited breath lol
And goombario remains at the bottom of the river.
rest in peace goombario, you were sacrificed so we could beat mx by eleven seconds
can we start with goombario Kappa
GL with the race gamer Kappa
YALL BETTER SUB TO PJANTOM5800 ON YOUTUBE
idk why it ain't popping up here >.>
Well I guess I just missed the weekly, but GG
Thanks for comming with me last week BTW.
paper mario was the first game I ever beat where you couldn't keep playing after reaching the end so I left it on the "the end" screen for like an hour waiting for it to change
because up until then the only games I had ever actually beaten were pokemon
SM64 does the same thing too, don't it
I think the DS version changed that though
we didn't have super mario 64 for whatever reason. we had most of the big N64 games but not that one
I ahve food and ready for this
It's still crazy to me that Paper Mario was like one of the last 3 games released for N64
when is hint tracker coming back Kappa
remember as a kid I open zelda mm on Christmas played it for like 3 hours then my mom come in and said you know you still have gifts left right
when I was a little girl I opened a little toy car first one year and just played with that for a while. just on top of the other presents.
I didn't get alot of games as a kid for Christmas
I wanted BN4 for christmas, my brother got me both version. I couldnt believe I got both LUL
honestly you dodged a bullet, partners in time sucks
listen the NA version was brutal
bowser's inside story is decent but yeah
I think BIS is the second-best
3ds emulator works great for me
the DS pokemon games were a hugely difficult problem for emulation iirc
that why pokemon run like ass on ds and 3ds emulator
I remember fighting to get jp platinum working when it leaked
I tried citra with fire emblem shadows of valentia. This first thing you do is run in a big field and it runs like pure ass
Bruh Valentia is a set up
the N64 and the pokemon game from DS on are like. notoriously awful to emulate
I don't remember B/w crashing on me
I had no problems running bn2 with bizhawk and obs
I think one city was ass
they a list of games on citra website that tell you what games works good and games that doesn't work that much and stuff that just wont boot
honestly I mostly only emulate things that are easy to emulate. like NES, SNES, GBA, gamecube
never mind ill check on Citra when I'm home
tales of the abyss just wont boot on 3ds
though some games just work badly no matter what
Dolphin hasn't let me down yet
Tales of Abyss don't work?! sad
it's very funny that it's easier to emulate the wii than the N64
saturn is also a huge pain, so there's just something about that era
@Nekonayzz yeah I even try it game wont even load
I did the play then replaying it on Ps2 emulator
yeah this game doesn't emulate well in my experience
Rowf's seed not needed, hmm? KEKW
I haven't it act up on Bizhawk
even nintendo's official emulators don't run this game well
the problem with trying to replicate hardware via software is that it sucks
oh I know for sure lol
I still have my paper mario on wii
I've been using Dolphin for Metroid Prime 2 rando and since I got a proper gaming rig, it worked like a dream (Whereas previously the CPU had trouble with distortion effects)
go back, you forgot to fight moles
the moles still have to talk to you about your extended warranty
damn, almost 500 hours on rando
so by the end of the week lol
any more pokemon lets go runs this week?
how long for the rando tutorial to hit youtube?
yeah, gil told me to watch the seed
oh speedy spin... how I missed you
same, and people want him inn the house
with all these star pieces youd think panels was turned on
the reason was to have a single jump for qwuick change
would be nice if we could put goombario in the ch7 wall holes
hey can we remove bowser entirely
I just play as it is, im bad at thinking of improvements
Right now, the only one I can think of is some way of implementing Goombario as a hint system, but I'm well aware that would need some serious balancing
Ah, haven't heard them to be fair
I like goombario for hints better than merluvlee
I want a way to save without jumping and using kooper
someone was talking about removing the ghost you fight before Final Troopa
...... maybe make the hints a toggle option?
but every seed I play has hints disabled
since it'd be nice for if you completely forget a check but I could see it getting abused for escaping bad checks
I don't see a point in hints
Depends on the game too. I know ALTTPR/SMZ3 isn't to particularly fond of hints either
yeah I think hints are mostly unnecessary in this game
for gear shuffle extra ultra boots in a block in the final save room to guaranteed damage for final bowser
my big thought for the hints would probably be if you get down to only x number available, goombario could give you like some "travel guide" style advice but
put ultra boots in toad room chest in peachs castle
I think I said that to Ice
like I said.  I could SO see that getting abused fast for "i don't wanna do yoshis, blooper, or moles.  goombario, tell me which heck I sign up for"
or I said something about the ultra boots being an extra
but didn't put it in Suggestions
how'd the race go? I took a "poor-life decision" nap
....... enable goombario only to tell you if you need to do rosie
put a guaranteed Progressive in Star Haven or peach castle
fish in the desert. What kinda sadist does that to an old lady.
should I post the ultra boots suggestion in the rando discord?
I don't care if the check is easy, I just don't want her to have a good time
"i can squirt five times" yeah??
time to save some yoshis ig
there shall be five yoshi children in the village, which is five too many
I thought it was funny, for ttyd final boss I had 50HP 50FP and 30BP
you mean go to Ch 7 right away right?
I think it's higher than 5 since I think m.bush is 5 in vanilla
throw my memory away ig lol
no wonder i'm always redoing my chapter difficulties LOL
the realization that Koopa Bros are the only bosses who regularly trek to Bowser's/Peach's Castle in the fuckin' SKY
He got some strong toes. Do you think Ralph is on ff?
alright time for gundam and dinner with the wife. see you later and good luck with the rest of the seed!
war crimes and dinner, yummy evening
coould they not also remove that cutscene
just go straight to phase 2
hmmmmm sudden wonder for if they could figure out other locations to potentially put progressive boots + hammer (like lantern ghost) that would be more of a middle ground between vanilla gear and full gear shuffle
Cut scenes in randos are pointless, cut scenes in door randomizers are absurd.
one day we'll have no cutscenes
maybe?  though it would also just be nice to more regularly see randos where ch5 isn't the first beaten
then the people who don't even interact with the community shouldn't really have much of a say imo
I know I see Icebound more frequently
Look at Ocarina of Time randos. They removed a lot of cutscenes because why would you want to replay the same things over and over again and waste time. Especially considering that these randos are centered in tournaments and races.
yeah like there's an abundance of cutscenes in here that can be clipped
I don't understand why they insist on keeping it
Not sure if this helps, but use Ocarina of Time as the standard. They cut the cutscenes.
we don't need these damn cutscenes
cut my time playing this thing so I can move on
@Andy finished a door and key randomizer for ALttP in 2 hours and 15 minutes.
i'm confused for why they keep them since it's not like anyone playing a rando has never played these games before + thus never SEEN these cutscenes before
you can literally have an option for, hey here's the cutscene if you want to watch
andy is really good at alttp that prob why
Am I imagining things, or is this Chapter 1 Junior even lower HP than usual?
and then the devs hear us and readd "hold b for 6 minutes" into time /jk
Guess I'm not used to 1-scaled Chapter 7 Junior
you mean the devs who remain invisible lol
we don't need to see them for them to hear us-
it'd make a lot of these not-so-good checks a little better
did Icebound say how many cutscenes we had? like 40 mins?
Icebound probably will go back or something
They need to separate the importance of the cutscenes in regular play and randos. Two different mediums.
Back to Chapter 6 then lol
Paralyzing Electro Blooper will never not be funny to me
people reply to my post in the rando discord with just look at the spoiler log or use the hint lady
There is an option to remove them
should I just delete the post lmao
it's not intended for them anyway
Oh did he interact logically with the shitters LOL
I don't use the hint lady or check the logs
I'll check the Discord and get upset at comments right?
alltp rando is great only if I can get the enemy randomizer to work for it
It's easy to just insert them somewhere
I think the rando can survive with one less coconut.
some of the suggestions I seen was pretty good random bosses sounds cool but idk if it possible without fucking with some of the code
Do you have to beat prologue in rando?
I didn't look at it cuz I know it wasn't possible
4:06:37! lol 37 seconds slower than than my last time
I PB'ed couldve been better tho xD
honestly I got nervous I was gonna miss something in a race setting, so I did like every check xD
I wish I could play during races
Oh perfect! I couldn't catch it live but I'll definitely check it out on youtube
but yea GG guys ^~^ I have a ton of homework I gotta knock out xD so im gonna lurk, but ill chatch you guys a little later
I gotta get some practice in tomorrow
play that video in the background
Oh, BTW, a Majora's Mask Rando I called earlier this week had this tune in the custom music for one of the runners
what you mean it's important haggYep
It was in caves I think, and it was using the N64 Zelda soundfont
oh yeah I definitely remember hearing Paper Mario tracks in there
MMR has too much music in there
But yeah, you can have random custom music for N64 Zelda rando. I'm half expecting the music team to turn something around from Sonic Frontiers before the end of the month. That OST is an absolute BANGER.
the music team is too flipping good
Think you can afford Rip yet? lol
How do you feel that Ch5 is almost always the first one to complete?
getting ch 5 out of the way
That is a very good point
dumb question, but is this another race or just another seed?
still fun, I have gotten through quite a bit of your teaching tricks and randomizer seed from the other day. good stuff
Did they change the berries to special item class instead of having it take space in the inventory?
why the hate for pallos? lol
Squirt on shy squad you say?
We now return you to your regularly scheduled curbstomping
I may have bought a Steam deck
somehow integrate trap items? Like a bit cheer could be a trap coin going off on Mario
but idk what theming you would want to go with
popes alerts is a little much sometimes
I love his streams either way
I had to shut off Popesquidwards stream because one guy kept spamming stuff for the 100 bit count. Really annoying.
I have gone numb to his alerts
The spamming really disrupts the content. One guy on Axel Larsens streams spams diatribes about Lara Croft.
I didn't get a chance to see, what happened lol
ooo purple bombette looks amazing phanto274Love
I got 5th in kof yesterday
I got to play an athena ditto
The people playing on the setup next to that set looked annoyed because our monitor was the loudest at the table LOL
There was lots of backdash noises and psychoballs
Kukri is my only char not making noises the whole time LOL
I mean using soap on drivers is historically not a good idea
Oh, and I voted already, but gonna say HARD yes to The Book of Mario
Is this a legendary blue key seed? Kreygasm
I have to savor this moment if its true LUL
But its Always Kreygasm to see the blue key used
This is more of a troll check than anything else especially when its rarely required
Narrator: It was not Super Blooper.
We can imagine and conjure up the palace key that way its in our pocket Kappa
Heya speaking of the key LUL
I can tell this seed has been one big troll the whole time because of Rosie LUL
I take it we know where the Dark Lord of the Sith Goombario is at?
Luigi wearing red just seems more normal than Mario
Green crystal King is it March already?
I'm still new. are you still wanting to find water stone or does that check not matter?
was dead like 40 damage ago
I was wondering about bubble berry myself. Are there checks on the opposite side of the area where it is used?
Blue key bait was glorious this seed
Now to pick up Goombario for the memes on your way to bowser Kappa
I just heard jcog say it was super close
Ah so it was a very sweaty race then
that wouldve been a sick one to be restreamed
@fedepape there can only be one Sith apprentice
Lord Goombario only takes one supreme bot to be his apprentice Kappa
oh hey, COMPLETELY forgot about stream
posted in your memes channel lmao
Also I just got back from grabbing food sorry I missed the bots lol
THIS MF'ER JUST ARMORED THROUGH MY 2 BAR SUPER
I was the opposite end of the SCREEN
why are you burning your bar then smh
tried to beat his option w/ my screen filling super
I'm sorry, was that a 8 cap
Why don't any% runners just do that
That's amazing, especially cause I wasn't counting
Make sure to sub this guy. He has a 5Head for this rando LUL
subscribe plz and you will be my friend
if you sub I will smile
They say Phantom will do an all Goombario seed if you sub Kappa
you get my dm just now
anyway, you plan to stream more, yeah?
E X C E L L E N T
I thought you went to rehab for this
sometimes, falling off the wagon is a part of rehad
we blame Pallos for sleeping early
most of my screencaps are of PhantomGamesBot
and, and, and, and, Pallos ditched school like a degen
I look forward to PGB exposing me anonymously
@Ohrocks can't throw stones. I ditched work today and yesterday
his school's power went out so he ditched school
sounds like a valid reason to me
Pallos literally pressed the sabotage button
Are we talking about not dealing with people cuz fuck yeah
90% of customer interaction I've had has been answering stupid questions
Im doing good, hope all is good with you
I'm not at work rn, so it's good for me
" I ask you, a SIMPLE question: "
I committed to the bit, I had to go that far
wait, should I move up that drive/trip to your area if you're trying to move around the summer?
or should I save that trip for once you've moved
@buff00n cuz I won't turn down an excuse to come back to Seattle
thus far, I REALLY like Vegas and Seattle
"lfg dried shrooms actually taste really good at Gusty Gulch gap skip and it was a way to play?" -PhantomGamesBot
the idea that you're gonna send Phantom back the desktop you bought from him, lol
not yet, I was dealing with cats
I need them to add small Master Chief sitting and drinking a slushie
all kinds of bass-ack-wards when people who like Sonic wind up being any type of "-phobic"
today I learned that pressing up/down on your keyboard loads up messages you've typed in twitch chat
It's Reset Time baby! KKona ! Nothing we do matters, no timesave is good enough, and our run is very dead.
I need those seconds to blink
don't tell me I'm a boomer
I'm not a boomer; I'm just stupid
KKona makes me a little uncomfortable
unless I know the white people
boomers are blind and ignorant, I'm just depressed and [OMITTED]
this seed is slightly better on RNG
every game should have goombario mode
I'm putting that in memes channel
I was GONNA take a nap, but Hiccup's taken over my bed
cat should have the bigger bed
he's still adjusting, one minute he was affection. next second he's biting me or pawing me
HE HASN'T BEEN HERE A DAY, HE CAN'T KNOW THAT QUICKLY
then again, he was hard staring at that Samus poster I have.....
youre on pape category still idk if you know
I still want a Smash Ultimate poster of the complete fighter mural
does pg-bot pull dialogue from your chat/stream?
I'm giving this bot everything tonight
I went to work, but I didn't go to work
I called off "sick" yesterday. I came in lost in thought:
I went to work and at work
I dont think ive ever gotten everything I needed while grocery shopping
My boss took that as me still being sick, so he asked if I wanted to go home.
I work the terrible 3pm-11pm shift
I am tried today cuz of @jokehow  lmao
I forget the things I need, but make up for it by buying a buncha stuff I didn't need
should have went to bed :tf:
that's why I started to bring a list to work now
no that rando was too good
I mean to the grocery store
seeing parakarry in star haven was worth it
oh yeah it's red for me
@Nekonayzz 12pm to 8pm sucks cuz I gotta be up early enough, but get out late enough that everything's closed
all sanity no letters and no koot yup
some custom colors don't appear on mobile
Buffoon yeah, 12 - 8 is shit
but I can't interact with any of friends with this shift
I'm at work while they free
I still think it's funny that Twilight Princess can't be beaten without one of the sword techniques
the Wii U is surprisingly easy to hack
I'm hopping between you n' Raven's stream, rn
The bot is sending out goodness?
I'm giving the bot my everything in Raven's chat. I'm scared for my future.
Tears of the Kingdom will probably have him do something with making maps so you can see the floating islands
so how does the route for this work?
weapon durability in Zelda does not work
you need DLC for the Master Sword to last 200 hits
in OOT and MM the there were upgrades but you needed side quests to make them unbreakable and stronger
I mostly didn't mind weapon durability
also rupees were hard to come by
@Ohrocks I did nothing but farm ores, so I was pretty decent with money
cuz I sure as shit wasn't gonna break good weapons on random enemies
I used a glitch in Master Mode so I didn't want to grind
uh oh, Raven, you gotta PB now
We love bots that say random shit
y'know of all chu chu colors, at least there wasn't a white chu chu
I'm assuming that why we don't see white ink in Splatoon that often
wasn't there a splastfest that one time
but it's not a default color, right?
there is no thinking while you run this game
they should move the shield icon so I don't accidentally click it trying to claim my points
I know I can do that but I don't feel like it
It did thanks FeelsOkayMan Derusted MM3D and practiced WWHD during cutscenes LUL
I just wanted to explain that I haven't been watching because I thought you wanted distance from the community and I wanted to respect that Flushed  
I'm gonna go get food and lurk, hope the rest of your run goes well FeelsOkayMan
well you may no that sabxander bopped me in this category so I bopped him back
just like how ratio bot dissed him so he outratioed the ratio bot and then it got shadowbanned on twitch
so I am convinced that kalle demos has some RNG because the grapple is bugged in wwhd
hookshot and grapple are both bugged
because mx_four wont do them for me
Abra is mildly difficult to capture
This February is gonna be the busiest February of my life
if they're both named "1" how do they tell themselves apart
Is lets go Pickachu, longer than Pokmon Yellow?
Ya that what I remebe, I guess they added more stuff
Playing Wind Waker with filthy hands actually makes the game load faster
there's 150 and more to see
to be a pokemon master is your destiny
Oh ya, I forgot they did that in this, very diffrent type of Pokmon game
Do you know how long Pokmon Scarlet is ?
I thought it would be shorter because of the open world factor
Scartlet was rock solid somehow even though BdSp still had the old out of bounds walk to the credits
In most Pokmon, your Pokmon only need to be in the 50s
I have no idea what a hawluchad is I haven't even play sword or scarlet yet
Werster beats red with a level 53 Raikou
Is mt silver in the game, cant rember
What pokemon does the one you just caught evolve into?
they should make bridget the best character
You're doing WHAT to that rock dinosaur?
I found the "Pokmon: Let's Go, Pikachu! & Pokmon: Let's Go, Eevee!: Official Trainer's Guide & Pokdex"
in my search to "obtain" it
rival asked if your pokemon died and then when you said no asked if you wanted them to fix that for you smh
man just loves his cat okay don't judge him
why this idiot let the kid go
okay but what is that rhydon picture behind him too
the cat i'll allow, the dinosaur is a no from me
I've been leaving your randos on our living room tv if my mom leaves said tv on while she's out.
i'm also not sure how I feel about them getting rid of helicopter doduo omg
she hasn't turned it off yet, it's been going since 11am my time
btw Fraymakers has a workshop page now
eddaket told me something I never thought of the other day. If you get bulbasaur you can hold off on bellsprout so you can evolve it.
well that exculsive to eevee of couse
no one wanted your lame autograph
>starmie is such a cute pokemon
also true Pika is right there
pikachu is on your shoulder, I feel like that's more offensive than if it WAS in your party lol
which one is easier to run with?
just.  oh I COULD coo over how cute this pikachu is, but instead i'll do it over this star creature
first pikachu isn't cute enough, now it's just not good enough period.  this is a rough day for pika
out of a job with Starmie kicks him out
he said this is a test and doesn't heal yall
he learned from his grandpa, who doesn't even remember his grandson's name
and he completely accepts any answer you give him too
"oh yes, my grandson's name is DEFINITELY Buttface, how could I have forgotten"
I don't even remember Silph Co
I hate the Rocket get up
Archie in White suit was superior
Hey Phantom I have a programming question you might be able to answer can you help me out?
Do you know how to parse an E 10 array?
will he at least still heal you after killing your pokemon about six splits later
plot twist, the lavender tower question wasn't a threat, it was a promise
wait this run was still pb potential?
I just came back to this channel for you to have goombario mode
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo I just came back to this channel for you to have goombario mode
I just came back to this channel for you to have goombario mode  el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo I just came back to this channel for you to have goombario mode
The bot supplied our raid message
I just fucked up different things
WT was genuinely perfect though LUL
ah good we have some better pictures on the wall this time
Remember that one fight in radical red
Where what your AI partner did won or lost the fight
rival is in and of himself a mistake sorry phantom
I think Pallos also lags when he thinks
I always thought nidoking was the main Pokmon to use in these speed runs.
Remember when I commented on one of your VODs about the bowser fight randomly getting cut ?
That hasnt been happening anymore to my knowlefge
Blue like I'll take this gym over bawkKek
Juggler Nelson? More like Juggle Deez Nuts
If you have Bttv slots this would be funny to spam during rando pape runs
2-37 is my record against the endgame on pace lmao
the run was bad though I didn't really care if it won
if i'd pbed it would've been by like 3 seconds tops
that fight's terrible but I didn't think it could go that wrong
is this a potential pacer PacePalConfused
you get crit every attack or something?
Already off to a bad start
you could've pb'd by MINUTES if u got a growlithe
starmie turninga round to look at you like o3o
is Hydro there to guarantee kills?
hydro is there to tempt you into using it and losing your run
timer0 on 3ds sucks I give up
I added this one to my channel even tho I dont stream
also raven grats on decent wwhd time
time to go for the champ ranges
yeah it's sp atk is high
ok yea I was kinda worried cause it was at 52 and I didnt see the sp atk on level lol
Mega evolution is in this game???
Hey phantom could you trade me some exclusives :)
As strong as the average phantom viewer
I dont like that emote it scars me
yea if you can psychic dragonite you can psychic pidgeot with 2 x sp atks lol
psychic guaranteed on pidgeot at 139
if you split 20.9 seconds early you would have pbed
Cmon aren't you a pape rando player just cheat smh
That split ended as I raided what happened there
Even after the smooch that dude can't help you out
but fr fuck that fight lol
That crit woulda been clutch tho
Oh yea before I got food you said you wanted to tell me something
Or is that for after stream
So the game hated you but it also didn't
bro just getting a kanga in any% when I haven't had a good kanga in aop yet
Is this the last activity for stream today
Morp was my filename for ww
oh shit here comes the best line in the game!!!
I still have my raid message copied from the bot
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo I just came back to this channel for you to have goombario mode
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo I just came back to this channel for you to have goombario mode
That raid message is the first thing the bot said as I went live 5m in LOL
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo I just came back to this channel for you to have goombario mode
I will never not use those tags when running this game
yea this is a lot more cringe without a flyer lol
this is an above average starmie
yea that dragonite stood no chance
Let's hope my twitch loads the page when the raid happens lol
that Bow icon is so good
oh that too! I meant your switch one PrideLaugh
it's been a long time since I've played this, but why do we have to catch 50 pokes?
He wants to tell you something
I was talking abt the ratata but that also works lol
Why does blue show up just to give you 5 great balls
How did he not see you
That dude is illegally selling fish
Spinners in BW/B2e2 are the worst
Probably XY/ORAS because trainers act differently in SM
What's up Phantom. Going smooth so far?
if Pikachu came through the screen like that for me, I'd get the shotgun ready asap LOL
but yeah, I haven't used steam to talk to anyone in years
I just do family sharing with a couple of peeps now on it PrideLaugh
it's really heavy but holy crap it was good
that's basically what I did for the most part, except for one night when I just felt like playing it and rando went like shit PrideLaugh
I think the Joy-Cons are fine as part of a handheld but I don't know why they thought it was a good idea to force single Joy-cons for some games
Mostly this game and Super Mario Party came to mind, but still
I knew there was another one PrideLaugh
i've played that like a total of like 2 times
it was kinda a waste of money LOL
I did stuff day one for Switch and hoped it would be good
I mean it was fun for what it was, but after a couple of hours you just decide to burn the cart because it's useless after that
I bought 1, 2, Switch, BotW and the Bomberman one
I bought the special edition animal crossing switch last year and it didn't come with a game I was like tf is this bs
tbf he's a really smart dude
adding a game is a big selling point
guess what the japanese version of the switch come with the game
do you want to do a trade?
so they combined go's mechanics with some of gen 5, interesting
listen we just have to hope and pray for god starmie to come back
The Fake Out was not using Fake Out :O
pidgey wanted to be part of your team
or at least in the run
at least it's in the section where nothing matters?
that progression was weird, I couldnt find any lol
after 2 hours I just gave up
I saw you in the chat wanted to say hi but couldn't
in chat? I was stream in the rando discord
where was Chansey that made Pika lvls cracked
I didnt know they played with blue house and shy guy house open, I turned that shit off lol
its set to random, I rolled 2
I thought he set it to 4
my man was struggling unfortunately today
realized Final Bowser is not a joke
they run BP at max, Im glad FP is low enough so I could still run danger
Like he had some trash BP costs
last Stand was 6, hp 6, power plus 5
if only someone made a rando tutorial, that would be nice for these guys. But what can you do? Kappa
they'll get us to it... eventually
Yeah they need to learn it first
are we talking about the hint tracker?
I was busy so I didn't see lol
I still think it isn't a rando with the hint tracker lol
man people would disagree on that
you learn better by just doing it
I don't really talk to those people bawkKek
rather than being helped by the hints alone
I learnt better by doing ir
I learned better by crying through it LMAO
then I realized oh it's easy
I had laichan help me and thats how I finished my first seed lol
I haven't touched the earlier onea
my first seed was 7 houra
same. It was taking me about 5-6 hours at first. Now it takes me around 3.5-4 hours depending on my decisions
my first finished seed was 7 hours
for regular race settings at least
and my first finished race was 7 too
and I was like oh ok
my movement, routing, and menuing/decisions are still not great, but they're getting better
also lately I've been trying to learn different settings as well so a lot of firsts for me
I know speedrunning would definitely help with movement and decision making, at least with other categories
I know my movement is so mid rofl
understanding logic is something that I'm still trying to do, but being my first actual rando I'm working on, I'm still trying to understand all of the logic of the game
but watching Phantom do it like damn I suck
once you get the logic it's smooth
im satisfied which how ive performed due to having not done a speedrun
I watched your video while I was practicing
oh fuck!! I just remembered I couldve went to desert!!
the thing for me is just understanding when to keep checking stuff or if I should just dip out of an area
I got parakarry right before I gave up lol
also Axl, I may have sent you the wrong seed
I havent touchhed it yet LUL
and Adam does have some speedrun experience at least, but just not in this game
I can say I dont like using the brawler64 for pape
yeeee, I met him through that
yeah, he's got some crazy WR in that iirc
score attack is so fucking hard too
but yes, I do like this Blinky badge ngl PrideLaugh I love me some pac man stuff
well I guess rhyhorn didn't like that you were green
that's what I wish for too
so you should be able to use any one you want
I wish twitch did it too, I love the bow one and I know I will be sad when the day comes and it's not there
Hey Phantom! GOod luck friendo. got a pb in Sm64 rando so thats nice
ty! how's the run going for you?
bawkPause I will attain Bow eventually
but a normal poke ball catch it okay game
I downloaded the hint tracker but I dont understand how to import my seed LUL
oh so by that logic we dont have to worry about people using it for races
im just saying as it is right now it cant be used
oh, like if you find an item but you dont have parakerry
3ds runs basically two clocks so all rng manips get screwed up
I got the same seed 3 out of like
yea loopy forums got loads of peeps selling em
but I dont got 200 to randomly burn rn
when leaving desert for rugged is it faster to take parakerry or use the bouncepad?
oh you dont do any of the fossils
this bot really do got everything huh
you should make the bot self promote
alright who ever has experience in Megaman classics, which one should I touch
now how cracked is this Starmie bawkPause
asking because I'm playing Megaman soon ish. haven't touched the series
I have a way to play em
it is overrated but you cant deny the jump from 1 to 2... same thing with Battle Network too LUL
look him in the eye as you teach starmie fire blast
when does ice have his run?
I go to the denist tomorrow so I might have to miss it
another run, another day of pikachu having to watch someone coo over how cute starmie is directly in front of it
is it normal to struggle with power shock lantern. I know how bad PS is but damn
after failed twice I got my first dizzy stomp LUL
trying to get good at mashing, failing
so yeah you definitely came out on top
why Dodrio out in the front this time
rolled a 0 speed staryu, sadge
am I missing anything major by watching from the middle? (have not seen anything pokemon since maybe crystal)
(ie should I come back later?)
alright, I'll try to not be an old fart and watch a new game.
one fear cause this Starmie is pretty slow
best of luck then. I'll ask all the stupid questions until I fall asleep
red, blue, crystal, and pokemon stadium
but that was what.... 20 years ago?
idk blue IS still here as his own concept
Your Rival just replaces Blue basically
cause in red and blue, Blue was the of Rival
blue is basically only here to stare judgingly at team rocket from what i've gathered
is this the equivalent of an encounter in pape?
literally I forgot wtf Sabrina do in the series
slow and brittle, good to know we got the grandpa starmie this run
this Starmie compared to our God yesterday
it has glass bones and paper skin
what the wr for this game?
if rng has too much of an effect, it's not fun.
what's up with these damn protects
it called you a mere child. kick it's butt
this 3d business is weird. Also, full colour. I'm used to gray-scale bushes.
so it looks like they have expanded move-sets but I recognize all the pokemon
now I'm wondering if I have batteries for my gameboy colour to compare...
so for any% is it beat all the gyms or is there a different goal?
did Rocket have a special theme
why would u not use fearow
Forgot your Starmie was slow RIP
you got stuck for almost 10 seconds because of that trainer
how does that mechanic even make sense? that took waaaaay too long for a trivial "puzzle"
I love the ace trainers in this game
the kick animation is still too long....
game devs. how. how does this add value to the game?!
not like the God at like 150+ but cool enough
Everyone's favorite Poison-type Elite 4 YEP
why she had to glare and hit it
grandpa starmie can't hear you, it's too busy with its sudoku
Hey Phantom phanto274BLANKIES how are you doing?
I'm not holding my breath. You're holding your breath
also I know you're not playing pape right now, but I just wanted to say I watched your tips video from a few days ago and it was very helpful! phanto274Hype
planning on watching that later tonight after your stream!
grandpa starmie did NOT deserve that gold
I hope to gen a seed for you in Pape bawkPause
I have fun watching you blowing these seeds
I just gotta fiddle with it
because they hyper focus on the wrong things I suppose
well you'll probably breeze through it
when I see the whole thing, you mind as well just add an extra hour just to collect all the spirits
because you'll likely in full on go mode
you know what capture card are you using for the switch, kinda looking into one
all because you caught a rat
I need to figure out where time usually starts for the fusion rando
so I can actually track my time with livesplit
@WEEGEE666 when you hit start on the file
@blacktiger51 thanks, just found that out as you mentioned it
if it works like this, it'll leave it be
cause I'm currently at work 
the variables affecting things is bawkBlub
I forgot bill turned himself into a pokemon on accident
I'm trying to understand by observing lol
I know catches do play a part tho
I feel like the menu pokemon keep getting worse lpl
krabby does look like a bish to catch
I've been here for a bit I just forgot to post anything lol
imma double check again cause work be huge distraction, you okay with the setting string? or you want the settings id bawkBlub kinda drained here
bawkKek I'm surprised that passes in Twitch
Sucking miltank tits is family friendly
Misclick of a lifetime right there OMEGALUL
Just like when monado got banned and a day later got unbanned and had partner
there is nothing wrong with jokehoDrink
Twitch admins need to stop eating at their desk or something
a couple level in dkc 3 have straight up levels but you don't just hold straight up lmao
Phantom for port priority this year we gotta figure out who's getting people sick we gotta get the tradition to 3 years in a row
Nope we gotta keep it going
I'll go lick some doorknobs at work before that weekend
I wanna play kof but jibca is working
Look I needa kill about 3 hours
And if I reset once that's about it
Anyways on that note lurk time
Any oob tricks or rng tricks you do?
Thats a shocker, even Pokmon black 2 had a few more tricks
Didn't Excadrill just streamroll the game lol
I remember all the time when I was a kid I just did the missingno glitch to dupe master balls and rare candy in gen 1
I never played gen 1 but I played gen 2
Lance was the champion in gen 1 I know
I catch a missingno once and gave it a rare candy and its evolved into a fricking kangaskhan
The elvolution cutscenes are 20+ minutes a piece
I hope they bring him back in some way or reference
I wonder how a rare candy tastes like
do we have another God starmie? bawkPause
Cinnabar Island is where you could find missingnumber
here so fast it that took me to your main page
wait u need a cute pokemon to get into her gym?
I wonder if Ghastly would be cute
@Gay_Plant_PR Why would I cook my mom
I just looked and u can show any pokemon to get into the gym
You should watch the pac man 2 gdq speedrun
I stayed up until 2 AM to watch it
upset at the fact that two things happened at the same time last night
should be at the mercy of goombario instead
but the stray gdq run started in the middle of lopez's run
Critical hits doubles the damage in this game?
I thought gen 6 killed that
Gen 6 had a lot of changes
because they had to fix Gen 5 sleep mechanics
I did not even know they changed how crits worked
damn, gonna get WR just to spite me? that's crazy
By what time you normally reach Victory rd?
The bot just did a fuzzy prediction in my chat
nah, I'd have done the "was" in ALL CAPS
not saying I wouldn't space out words, but I usually just say FUCK when I'm wrong on fuzzies
is this an unfortunate - spatk starmie
Is stream still up or is it just me?
I want a big chocolate structure
If opponent use protect, is that a big deal in speedrun?
simple fix make all the gyms double battles
Most broken thing in Pokemon: diagonal movement
Pikachu acting like he's gonna do shit in this e4
you might move up 1 on the leaderboard
3 mins timesave is nothing to sneeze at tbh
have you done easy barrier skip yet
looks like sub 3 10 is hard
it uses a shield turn after targeting a wall
was found by me and gralic
it's like bottle swipe but while holding shield
cant believe the world record is 2 59
are you in the wwhd discord
I think I left your server because I was trying to give you space
you wanted me to send you the setup, right?
o7 for jigglypuff + nidorina, you did not deserve this beating
oh yeah I still need to time the route here
there's an alternate island hop from ETI to DRI but I don't even know if it's faster
it's probably the same speed honestly
This is a starmie of all time
the two routes are: 1.FH -> ETI -> island hop clip to DRI (savewarp or get lucky and land on the island) -> outset -> NTI -> island hop void to outset or 2. FH -> outset -> ETI -> island hop void to outset -> NTI -> island hop void to outset
nothing like warehouse work to completely fuck up your fingernails
I need to pick up a rune factory game at some point
ohh that why you name start with rune
I think I played a little 3 back on ps3
my family is holding my switch hostage
my backlog is pretty big hard to really buy alot of new games
yeah well zero take place before 2
chapter 4 I think of cold steel zero start
you dont need to play that lmao
cold steel anime should tell you out this year
I am waiting for the dub I think the 1st ep is out in japan already
just sucks we so far behind japan have 3 loh games ahead of us
reverie was out in japan 2020
did you get spoil at all in cold steel? I did I was pissed
youtube recommend the ending for 4 before it was out
bluebluc is prob one of my fav enforcer
I also got spoil on who c was
he prob my least fav tbh
I hated jusis at 1st but he 1 of my fav character now
fie is broken 100 Eva she cant die in 1
very possible just to have 100 on her
alisa is very broken in 1
how far r u in 3?
btw I suggest you never look at the trails wiki ever again
the ship: this fucker is a speedrunner, I know what to do
another soul failed the hardest puzzle in paper mario
I been thinking about replaying the cold steel games before reverie
with a fat ass burrito with the WORKS
oi look at dis playa leavin dust in my server and speedrunning at the same time
about to be mad chillin' cuz fine
my friend tried to gift me RE:Verse so I can help her get an achievement
do pg skip and then fight pg
I really like the forest dungeon
this is a really good final boss fight
and thus, the cycle of Ganondorf came to an end in this timeline
all pokemon should be like that
apparently pikachu said fuck on tiktok
well if it's a nuzlocke it does
giving you a ride is all it needs to do
why is that a pinned message?
"help my crypto metamask wallet got hacked stolen fix essay t-shirt look at this cool shirt hey guys I need some emotes and graphic design commission"
I need someone to finish this essay
I'm experimenting with ghost peppers in recipes. Just gotta be careful not to touch them directly, but results are promising
I'ma squish an emote next time
I ate a ghost pepper for a yugioh card once would not recommend eating it raw
the oil from ghost peppers is actually dangerous LUL I just grab them with paper towels and have been using an immersion blender anyway
too lazy to spend 100 points
the oil from ghost peppers is basically the same kind of thing used in pepper spray
see I just kinda forgot about editing emotes
the Phantom read the bot's dono message and got fired
idk why "the Phantom" showed up like that
Got my drink and my snack ready
BRO I SWEAR this streamer is ALWAYS on outset island. I was just AFK for an hour and a half and THEY ARE STILL HERE. YEP 0 runs DO THEY EVER MAKE IT PAST THIS LEVEL
Well I picked a good time to start cooking dinner again it seems
I didn't think that would work anyway
time to have 2 streams open
Only 12.3k channel points away from giving phantom a rando seed
I have your and phantom stream open
Fair warning, Ive just got done watching two completely trash Metroid Prime seeds. Be afraid no matter who genned this.
the Ezekiel easter egg is such a nice touch
you can even control Ezekiel as well
I see this is off to a start lol
I think we need to train the bot more so it can say sNeed over seed more.
I was thinking, how could I make this 'fun'
Guess who just did their first staircase skip?
and then I went back thru the door and softlocked my self LUL
what that can happen? softlocking there?
phanto274Lurk I sense a Rando of Randy sNeeds... and Goombario
its not a softlock, but you have to do the pit
I gave it to him rofl
yummy yummy homeward shroom. Amazing QoL addition.
I didn't think it would be that rood ROFL
5 coins would be his value
see I was trying to be nice
Goombario should just max out your coin count
Laki is a nice color this time though
if I were the shopkeeper, i'd charge to take goombario off someone's hands
just return goombario back to his family xD
all good, I came for the rando. Hi is just a bonus
since it isn't a speedrun, will you open the special chest under the chandelier to see what's in it?
could you imagine if rando put something in that chest?
but! it could be important this time!
that's true this is the rando it could be anything
is it time to cheat for that? Kappa
I seen joe do it looks easy
this seed do be giving out lots of keys lol
goombario is probably the leftovers they throw in the dumpster every day at closing time
you're so fast p8cking things up. s9meday I'll be able to tell the difference in keys
the hint tracker is so confusing to me. I'll get it someday
is this race settings or other?
yeah I just fiddled with a few things only
what fucking level are they starting on
well that's no fun. that saves everyone's sanity
I am begging them to learn the game
the combat is so important to this rando
well I think Supreme plays that way lol
next seed I'm gonna do I'm gonna start at level 0
they're playing it like a zelda rando or smth
it would be so sick if these folks like participated in the rando community and learned
Can't learn if they start at lvl 15
I do want them to learn rofl
my 1st seed was like 6 hours
my first completed racetime gg was 7 hours
remember when ppl were asking what the most important thing was
and I was like 'movement' and everyone was like 'no'
Headin to the gym - GLHF
I don't remember who said that to me but someone was like nope
my movement is not the best but I can fight under level
i've only won the last 13 races in a row
@mx_four win 14 then I'll be impressed
they turned Paper Mario party members into SMRPG sprites
like the seed Spike did today
had to clear most of the game again lol
I make a lot of very slow decisions
as far as what I decide to check
and a double dip in Crystal Palace cause bombette was locked in the dumbest place
so early on I just won for it
but now it really depends on the seed whether I excel or not
was blue house and toy box open?
I think open prologue should be in the race seeds btw
I keep those two off rofl
I think a bigger sphere 0 would do a lot for variety in the logic
Hai hai and also hai hai and also hai hai. KEKW
since most seeds flow the same
speaking of stuff that open I like 4 seeds for chapter 6
open prologue for races would be good
get me in on that too
I definitely think its just better
after doing it a couple times
if only we had a place to organize this race Kappa
ooo I like the idea of that
How goes the start of the seed?
the seeds I like the most are the weird ones lol
I need to practice a bit more before I join in on a race
I thought about doin that today but then I saw you online and thought you'd have wanted to watch
if I can clear it in 3 hours maybe I can do a run too
yeah you told me you got a 2:52?
i'm not sure what my fastest is since the new fill algo
I stopped keeping track a while ago
it might've been our gdq submission
I want to run any% for that
but i'm willing to submit a rando too if you and jcog wanna try again
I can help him too depending on what it is
gonna practice some more fusion rando
he usually finds my tutoring pretty effective
the question is if we can tear him away from chameleon twist
I saw that low Flower Saver
how long can one stay with chameleon twist for, though? there's not a lot of depth to it...
well, he's on the verge of top 3 in that game
apparently its only been 18 days
making this the fastest ive ever gotten to a reward
pit at level 7 sounds gross
lvl 7 pit is ass tho
if you can kill lv7 pit the exp rewards are nuts
I love ch7 scaled ch1 personally
jammin for 5 fp to use the worst move in the game would be very funny
I see Darth Goombidious following you like the plague walesGun
I had to look away, what did you get?
so for spikes seeds can you do any 4 chapters or is it set?
I just dont understand how you would know which ones
@Nekonayzz just realize u using bawkbasoup emotes
any other wild animal in existence would not wait for the third strike to retaliate
ok im gonna play your seed
do you care if I glitch bc im feelin any% atm
so its any 4 chapters but you do a self imposed rule of "im doing these 4"
the whale didn't even retaliate though
The whale must be on walesCOPIUM
you can't tell me some of these emotes aren't good tho bawkRly
Imagine not having Goombario. Thats always the right thing to do LUL
I like watching the seeds from hell.
which partner glitches are the most helpful. it seems like paracarry and lakilester
Whelp time to clear 4 Kappa
And I know I saw mystery note earlier so this is perfectly fine
@Nekonayzz guessing u like resident evil since u watch bawk
How does that even work? You turn in the frying pan and get a cooked stone? LUL
I think following is just lastest tweets but worded differently
Oh heck yeah I like Resident Evil ! @blacktiger51 bawkWesker
resident evil is 1 of my fav game series of all time
Yep you mean a free 10 coins
I been playing resident evil since I was like 9
6 is awful fanservice done wrong
I knew it. Goombario corrupted Gourmet Guy walesGun
that looks wrong when you come from behind
funny enough I have the platinum trophy for 6  I don't love it or hate it its okay
like 6 had some potential, just didn't execute it right imo
Re 0 you can go without knowing
0 is good but everyone hate it
people don't like how it plays. Hard like inventory management
you have 12 item spaces in total
coming into 0 blind I say is hard if you don't know what you're doing though
oh yes I had to look that up as a kid
I didn't know what to do
yeah that's the one segment everyone went huh
after that I say it's fine.
Code Veronica has one part people don't like because you can literally Softlock LOL
because you switch and it doesn't tell you
only if u don't have health
Well I got fucked by Poison Hunters before I got to the part at the Arctic
but it's when you switch back and forth with Chris and Claire after that
but you can make the mistake of giving all your items to one character and never give it back then just... be unable to beat the game depending on your items
I never kill the hunters I just run pass them
the knife is broken in that game
You know when you're critical health, they go for the lunge 8)
I got trapped at one segment because that's all it did after coming out the door
also yeah the Knife fucking cracked
pretty sure I know what part u talking about
yeah at the prison base as Chris
when the next spin the wheel stream?
let me know when that happens!
hoping the wheel land on re0
Did you fight Anti Guy when you were in 4?
I got tired of my outset simulator
Pause storage was not having it today lol
But we only had 1 instance of good rupee count lol
Also messed with not pause buffering the barrier skip method
It's genuinely free as fuck LOL
So you don't even need to learn the damn fp input
You have the same community dumbass
I just got back to 2 phantom streams open
I was wondering, why Parakarry lol
I meant why switch to the one partner that could lose you time talking to that NPC lol
so who gave u this seed?
Sadly we have ALL partners  Goombario walesGun
Or you could full clear Crystal Palace... LUL
we only need boots for 7 now
Random items is sometimes generous like that
weight and u got that 50 bucks before the shop
Generally a weird seed if you're using Weight with gear shuffle...
I am calling super boots in boo shop
Nice Tubba Key + Ultra Hammer though
its a way to flip penals so I was close
are you liking the complete random items xD
@blacktiger51 I did this curse seed settings lol
There is something deeply concerning when anti guy and Gourmet Guy have the same colors phanto274Smile
Anti guy seems stronger than the ch 4 boss
Super Boots in a panel, you don't see that every day
Supers locked by ultra hammer in a panel. Truly Goombario has outdone himself this time LUL
I remember the furst time I saw kent. Da fuq. Almost remember when I first beat him.
and hammer locked by 60 star pieces  LUL
I CANT BELIEVE THAT WAS VANILLA bawkKek
You dont like the walmart badge?
you had the items anyway I see no problem with that
Weird to see Laki cosplaying his girlfriend
yeah it's really good laki color
laki just took lakilulu cloud that all
Where's the Spear Guy? I can't see him
Who forced you to get goombario?
dried shroom gods out here mocking you
also, lord pebble sounds like a wonderful channel mascot
praise be to lord pebble that was a quick 1 phase
M4 did flarakarry without parakarry, then found parakarry in the next room LMFAO
I was looking at all bosses notes, "do staircase skip" okay lets try this. "do BHS" FUCK YOU!
cleared a fusion seed in just over an hour
its really not as bad as its sounds
Poor kooper is still naked and afraid
i'm thinking at some point doing an entire month of fusion rando
At least it got the status KEKW
so assuming I don't have any crappy seeds, I can realistically do 2 fusion seeds in the amount of time I normally stream
remember to praise the Lord Pebble for this bounty of Jelly
how mad would you get if the pebble lord becomes a thing lol
but is this bountiful harvest of jelly cursed for having discarded lord pebble?
Nope. This Kelly harvest can only be cursed by Lord of the Sith Goombario
your bounty will be sith goombario
cause my man had 7 jellies and 3 life shrooms
This is the man who left goombario at the bottom of a river to die. He cares not for pebbles.
in the final battle whats the most bowser can heal?
@pethanct01 that is a very accurate description LUL
I got some rough rng the other day
Phantom how many times can Hallway Bowser heal? if you let him
oh that makes so much more sense
I don't think I ever seen hallway bowser heal
I saw bowser heal a lot as a kid
You could splice bossfights from vods and commentate over them
they look like pepto bismo omg
cheap rewards on so logic req 60 for hammer so bow shop hammer should be 1st hammer req for logic
was watching a bn1 review. They said power plant comps were harder than anything in the original witcher LUL
@axl_sr I can confirm. As a kid I struggled hard not knowing the puzzles LUL
invisible roads, only place you dont auto heal, you have to place batteries in correct slots to make roads and if youre wrong you have to run back to a prog to recharge it. Oh, and PET is on a battery timer and you cant jack out.
It was so easy to get lost in loops
forgot another thing... oh youre stuck? try talking to progs for hints... BUT OH WAIT!! some progs are corrupted and you have to fight them then LUL
And that is how you get your ring zap chips LUL
and dont confuse ring zap with zap ring... entirely different chips
ring zap circles around you once and does damage
Zap ring comes from the bunny virus family while ring zap was a BN1 corrupted Prog exclusive
but wait we arent done yet
power plant comp introduces paralysis, instead of getting stun locked you can move but everytime you move you take dmg until it wears off
and when your PET battery runs out in the comp, its a buster only run then LUL
Lot of Sweet Shrooms this seed too
not to mention your HP wont heal after every battle
this next one is more for childhood axl being bad but... after you fight elecman, you fight protoman before you can save, so if you lose you have to do elecman over again
I would spend 100K points just to see you do power plant comp only
@axl_sr bn1 had some.... "unique" ideas
elecman scenario beat my ass when I was young
BN1 was the only game where you can beat it with just the buster
That category is just great to watch
bn2 is possible but you need to get lucky
but I thought gregar any% already is buster only?
Sadly BN2 cant do buster only because of the Legendary Guard * for our boy Jim
umm no, you can get 30 guards in that scenario
@axl_sr oh right I forgot about that LUL
trev, talk to the drunk in the alley LUL
something I never did as a kid LUl
also, guard* is a GMD drop in Netopia3
That is a dream never dipping palace or mountain and only go mode it
im looking at your tracker trying to figure out what you are missing cause stars arent highlighed LUL
OSS does kinda fix PP Comps, then light the hidden paths and batteries dont die.
I love how sundays seed first check was super jump charge
I mean, we already need 4 to get all of rawf's checks
Rowfs shop kind of does it but I get what you mean like make it matter more
oooooooh, I know what you mean
You got a few thumbs-ups, it could be that people like the idea but don't have anything to say to add to the conversation
What if there was a way to insert Goombario into logic? One can still dream
I think Goombario is in some edge-case glitch logic
Also one of a few options for certain fights
Nah, its because its goombario and the other reason.
Just make Goombario a setting for extreme settings jumpless and hammerless as a hint giver
So in jumpless, Goombario can be a constant there
Gil said hell be home in a few
That can only mean something ominous LUL
Goombario seeds have a way of pushing people to their limits and beyond Kappa
I should prob message pape races at some point asking if they can do anything about the phone verification
I object to the skip sir walesGun
so level on jr by the looks of it
as long as we don't level on hallway
castle checks? maybe mega rush is in power rush spot
well, no ultra boots is always fun
I mean that kinda ultra boots
well that's kind of like ultra boots right?
I remember the Dark times when Bowser castle keys were required along with having to trek through the castle
there's more to bowser's castle other than these fights?
a part of me wishes we could refight the koopa bros just to beat them up again
what kinda seed did you run last night??
full bp and fp? how'd that happen
I made it back for the end bawkPause
Are you joinning Gil and me?
I sat in kof for 20m to find a game
And someone rage quit on me cause I OCV'd them with athena
yes and im trying the hint tracker with your spirit icons
I have a feeling of wanting to play smash
I'm hoping my group pulls through on this project and gives me a little more time off xD
I'll stick and watch 8) it'll ease the boredom at work
My Goombario Meter is receiving high readings and levels of cursed energy in this seed phanto274Smile
@Phantom5800 thanks for making those tutorial videos on YT! They've been incredibly helpful ^_^
you're the only one to guess it right on the first try lmao
Gil has a way of rolling cursed seeds that involve Goombario being in places to rub it in your face LUL
Doesnt this already unlock 7 or am I mistaken?
There is Axls favorite badge we passed by that he prefers over dodge master Kappa
no I just got back and miss fuzzies
You mean we cloud 9 to dream of Goombario in the sky? Kappa
How great would it be if there was an April Fools Day seed where all item sprites and Badges are Goombario
Or if that isnt possible make your partner locked to only Goombario
Both Goombario lovers and haters would be pleased
yo that diamond was just like, free to take
so what was u saying about parakarry? LUL
Welcome to the kind of seeds Gil rolls and plays LUL
no audio and on mobile, but gl gl!!
I did the first one tonight and DNF'd, I played horribly
what do you mean by async
I beat ch 1 and 6
I forgot there was a ruins key in a shop and a red berry
forgot is a word for what happened with slow ho
I played this seed this morning, I enjoyed it
is this really gonna be another ruins hammer 1st seed
I may give the second one a go
good, you can comment on everything I do wrong KEKW
also I feel rested today LMAO
honestly, I've been wanting to have someone watch me do things that are wrong in a seed, but I also don't want to put anyone through that or do the extra work LOL
plus, most of me is dumb decisions I realize later and movement
Id watch still Jaye cuz I can relate haha
of def. I know I can get in the 3:1X:00. I've almost done it twice as I realized, so it's possible for me
that's what I would do as well
if it helps me learn PrideUwu
@ohheyitjaye Plus finding Dark Lord of the Sith Goombario curses seeds Smadge
Trev, last night, he was my starter LOL
@ohheyitjaye my condolences. How bad was the seed?
it honestly wasn't too bad. A couple of dumb things, but my movement and decision making was dogshit LOL
The Beauty of possibly having ultra boots chest be first logical boots
Its your fault. All the cakes I see in this seed made me get pancake mix
Wait where was P-Up D-Down? I don't know if I ever found that one lol
That would make sense, I went there off the bat, said "no progression" and left lol
One day we will see a required blue key again hopefully
okay just wanted to make sure
I cant incarcerate the bot :(
Looks like Ill e watching this tonight then. I am liking watching these paper mario seed
I gtg but will try and catch yall again later tonight :)
Yeah, unless my day takes a catastrophic turn. Which it shouldn't
I still can't believe that's an emote
This seed really did just front-load every Life Shroom in the game
there needs to be a Prologue emote for every pape game
The extra Life Shrooms were good for a noob like me tho
you are the best part of my saturday
it's raining here so it's just cozy pape strim
I live in los angeles and it Should Not Be Raining
norca has also been having flooding issues
CT; we barely had snow so far this year. All this weird weather across the country is very ominous
had the winter storm in december
and I'm like well it isn't over anyway
we get snow from December to fucking march
if it ever snows in los angeles I will be terrified
honestly April here is like the last month of snow
oh WA is such interesting weather
my brother is down in renton
How are you guys doing with the wildfires
I would consider moving to seattle but it's so rainy
lol I live in a desert
I hewrd aoregon aland cali got it bad this year
that had to been a recent change
is that just rando or the original programming
because I've been stuck there before
maybe one of my first seeds had that happen then
maybe I just thouoght the water was filled, but then I never actually checked because I thought I was stuck
so I just tele'd out and never knew
I wonder how many people will get stuck on this seed cuz of that lol
oh I also forgot I want to read this
so with this being a race but not, does it follow all the race settings? do you have to finish all chapters, no fake items, etc
okay I might skip this one since I already know where some stuff is lol
thanks. the different flags/settings for non race settings confuse me
okay look for gil's thing then
Grand finals of this kirby airride bracket someone got wobbled for 3 minutes
Apparently if you tornado spin when someone is falling after their star breaks
This game is actually funny as fuck competitively though
I need to check this out
especially since I absolutely love that game
and it's one of my top 5 games of all time
They just made a code for dolphin that makes netplay use the lan function
So you all have your own screen
So when does the league start exactly?
Have we found the Goom yet?
mmk. I'm definitely interested and want to participate
I'm guessing that's in the discord?
okay I'll def check out tomorrow then
I'll set a reminder oon my phone LOL
I was thinking, "I would have gotten that later behind the tree" but I realized you don't have the jade raven
I forgot that you dont have supers yet LUL
Where did we find Sushie again?
I am concerned that the Yoshi kids will force Goombario into you like that one weekly seed chrisS
I really need to utilize spook more
Koopa bros got smart putting dodge master there LUL
I mean it's fast. and if you have fp stuff
GL with the run, I have 13 hours of events
not only that but also Checks pit
and it keeps the need from needing fright jar all the time too
yeah I figured that one out the hard way PrideLaugh
Bullet bills have no soul as they were created by Goombario that way
Seems supers arent going to available any time soon LUL
trev is goombario the source of all evils in your mind?
Goombario is not the source of all evils but is a master manipulator
He hides in the shadows of history with his tattle log of every living thing
dang he probably knows more about me than I do
" Fuck them Yoshis. " - Phantom5800
Is someone making any progress on getting Luigi playable in Pape?
just stretch your capture card upward
It'll make him taller it's the same thing
so I checked the sheets, and I don't think you can sign up anymore 3:
Kolorado LOVES getting his ass cooked, holy moly
wait, there's a sheet and then an online fill out thing
why wouldn't you want to level up strategically
first time I get to run one on stream using the WiiVC
I hate this room so much
I'm being wobbled in my favorite videogame
why ultra parakarry? is extra power or extra skill your main reason?
You also need blue key while you are here
it goes to 7? I thought it stopped at 5. nice
thanks for answering, these are the things I can only speculate on
I miss the days when blue key was required with the settings Kappa
I just realized that talking key is always vanilla.
Blue key miserable for you but a dream to watch LUL
I like the idea of red key locked behind blue key. Maximum chaos.
I dont see how that could fit because how does tubba get motivated to chase you.
I mainly used watt and bow in my few casual runs  it's interesting to hear why others are better
Blue Key required Paper Mario seed = pedestal seed aLttP rando
I wonder how old that ceiling mushroom is
@Garioairio long enough that it should've been a dried shroom
oh man, two items from go mode
really dumb question, so the door that only opens after you talk to the ninji, where is that?
ok. randomizer has messed up my brain for regular
I mean, I can't play lttp normally anymore, grover
and I probably can't play fusion normally anymore either
it removes all the cutscenes, speeds up the elevators, stuff like that
you can shuffle sectors, changing where they are in the sector access
does it remove the Metroid Breeding area, or whatever it was called?
Who do I root for? You or Antiguy?
the only upgrades required are plasma beam, missiles, charge beam, and level 4 security lock
makes sense, that area was devoted solely to a cutscene/escape sequence
I like zap tap, since I am terrible at this game
the only thing down there now is the one item in the shinespark tunnel
eh if I was a big dum dum it would have been not awful
wasn't* but yeah it was nice to just get in a pape mindset again
Someone pissed on the sheets but he still needed his costume
KEKW thats an accurate representation of lantern ghost
Hope seed isnt too painful tonight
He got no spice in those dms
Those DMs be as warm as Goombarios company in you pocket Kappa
Goombario being held hostage in crystal Palace likely
I love that shy guys change color when they stack
He does try to search for Goombario every seed.
bucket will be on the clouds
So its better to find bucket at this point
lol ch 7 is vanilla difficulty huh
like, I can understand having the boss cutscenes, but good god
I'm wondering if I should add traps 
Oot Randos have the ice traps
But there is something rewarding about traps even Goombario can be fake LUL
Its pretty rare in the Oot randos.
Phantom seems to be of the opinion that the real goombario is as bad as a trap so I dont think its effective for him.
its in spirit of snowman gift
Hello darkness my old friend, we have come to see the Goomba King again phanto274Smile
The cutscene is why this check is bad LUL
It has to be bucket at Laki so where in 7 is soil
double dipping ch 7 is dumb
Forced Double dipping crystal is terrible
Getting soil ends the seed while bucket prolongs it. Which one so we prefer chat? Kappa
My wallet is in pain but Ive ordered most of the stuff I need to run MMZ LUL
haha can we help on this?
I just need to check the underside of my gamecube, I think some models dont have a slot for the sd2sp2 card iirc
but something was skipped on accident bawkBlub
did u check  lantern ghost I was afk for awhile
Dis you skip over the vanilla dizzy stomp chest on volcano?
I wasn't here the whole seed this time sob
refund check? know u forgot that once
did we skip the ones in the sewer
*I have the stream muted btw*
You have almost certainly seen the Bucket
he's not submitting it so you can snitch it off
omf I think I know where it is
Thats right I do remember Bucket being seen LUL
Time for the salty run back seed#2 phanto274Smile
only thing I would change is losing xp from running
losing xp from running is stupid I hate it
idk why they added losing exp for running
I rather drop all my coins
all these ch 7 1s man
Where we headed? Ch 4 or 5
good seed u want the shop that RvPA had today
Youve probably been asked a lot but what are async seeds?
Ohh nice, so this is practice for tomorrow?
Oh niceee got a lot of people for the league?
The developers will eventually have to deal with flaws in the rando as the league grows.
They should. The cracks will grow as more people participate
I had to vent in someone else's DMs about it
how many more flaws are there besides the obvious
because of things I saw in another chat I frequent
Seems to be issues that these issues make the rando take longer than necessary
beat the game as intended 4head
I NEVER EVEN PLAYED THE GAME BEFORE 2021\
Thai is the seed making it up to you
watch them change it to 2023 now (jk)
Adam accepted Goombario into his heart. Thats something not a lot of us are willing to do Kappa
People really arent willing to learn and grow
accept the game how it is damn
Guess that means I have to accept Goombario
Accept him and accept that he bad
I've been very tongue in cheek
Is there a way to get the seed that yall run for tomorrow? Like do yall post it somewhere? I just recently started playing them and wanna see how bad I am lol
DK64 OoT and aLttP have so many options to turn in and off. There are many different ways to play depending on how badly you want to punish yourself. Zelda games also have the crowd control thing which is insane.
yeah ill probably try it on my own later. Im normally busy around that time but just wanna see how I do
DK64 rando devs are pretty fucking cracked
and they're open to suggestions and such
Takes math skills to do that.
DK64 is a classic let alone the bananas rando
the rando for dk64 has actually been pretty fun
I like what they been doing with it
why do math when you can have a third of your time save in fights /jk
You really need to do vanilla
I love DK64. I used to force my cousins to play multiplayer with me
yea I've only played pape vanilla twice
im inexperienced at randos, but like watching the fightsi really
but you can get into the rando have fun still
(i am only half-joking, this is a callout to me, please learn how to do fights better)
The collectables are brutal in DK 64 because of the switching.
Rando fixes that plus is getting to the point that almost everything is shuffled
i've been practicing and i've been getting better at remembering the checks on my own but my fights are.  mmph.
They pretty much rando everything in Dk64
The worst thing to do with a fuckup is to dwell over it. Not fair to yourself when everyone makes mistakes.
they got the dirt patches and fairies randomed
I literally cant do less than full game
the logic doesnt make sense in my head
we'll say there's a reason i'm typically fed up by my fifth spirit and dnf most of my seeds ;;;;;;
less than full in this game isn't pleasant
just I got go mode whatever, no Bowser fight
On a separate topic my own FP is completely full. I had a good amount of Maple Syrup with the pancakes.
When you say out of logic, is that just because you dont have Sushi or some other reason?
I skip fighting bowser alot he just gonna get fucked up anyway
I try to push through to go mode but i'm usually just frustrated by hour four since my controller is not great lol
the weird thing is though I can't teach people how to rando
I can only give them advice
missing those ch7 block jumps for the seventh time in a row due to input lag is not a good time
ah and so it can be a "waste" to go to 5 since thats not the route it expects you to take?
Season 0 starts Feb 1 btw
ok, cause ive heard the "out of logic" statement quite a bit but never understood, so thanks!
I used to do LTTP races with a buddy of mine
You streaming those races? The ones you do?
I like watching people race against each other in randos
yea streaming will probably be involved
Andy is good to watch for aLttP
it can be hype as f
I haven't seen any of Andy stuff bawkBlub
I barely beat LTTP vanilla a month ago. So much traveling in the dark world
I think group size will depend on participation
I thought it on switch? Lttp
Question: who can join the PMRL? Sorry for rejoining late
Andy is a good streamer. Smaller is good. Hes in the 100 to 500 viewer range.
@pethanct01 my gift sub ran out heck
His friend Patty got banned from GDQ.
alttp was ported over to switch
called gdq out on their shit basicall
oh yeah they been shit lately
I haven't paid attention to it period
I could do the same with ESA but I'm keeping quiet
back to watching Limit break rpg then sometimes
Save Goombario and make him your only partner to use in battle
get goombario or beat extra bosses?
sorry dont mean to be blunt
fight anti guy vs giving him a candy?
Extreme settings max trapd, jumpless and hammerless seed
it has to be something that doesnt add much time
Ah but wait! What if you checked the spoiler log for only certain checks like Yoshi kids and make it an incentive
Purchase all Chet rippo items for progressive
@Trevbonk we'd have to vet seeds so yes
depending on how the incentives work, wouldn't that tell you if those checks potentially have something?  (since if you didn't do it, you wouldn't miss anything key)
oh that shy guy up top, is it possible for him to get unstuck from the tree?
okay I was just wrong then today since I kept luring him out there + he'd lose me only to see me at the bushes and come back
I wanna restart my pc but there's a windows update....
Fuck it I'm gonna bite the bullet
I think I've had one cooking for 6 months
I'll see you in an hour o7
I am sad Windows 8 is gone
The grippers are out and about
And when it does we get supreme
I'm gonna keep submitting my shit to hotfix and praying lol
that's one way to avoid an encounter lol
Whats your go to order at Taco Bell? Chat I need your help
going somewhere else is my go-to
Doritos locos tacos supremes. Cheesy fiesta potatoes
Cravings Box: Crunchwrap Supreme, Soft Taco (sub beef for potato), Chips
[x] amount of chicken chalupas for me
I heard the Crunchwrap is goated
avoid baja blast at all costs
Is their hot sauce any good? Thats a dealbreaker for me tbh
host sauce is fine; get Fire if you want any kind of heat
Ill do the fire sauce. I have a high spice tolerance
then you'll be fine with mild
that is, Fire is mild to anyone with spice tolerance
@ThreeWeenies if you have a high tolerance, fast food hot sauce ain't shit
I was also recommended a cheesy gordito? Crunch? I need validation lol
can't vouch. I've eaten taco bell, but it's not something I go out of my way for
for me, the worst thing at TB are any bean-based burrito
Ahh I love beans that blows @janitorbeav
sorry, I should have said refried beans-based. I typically sub the meat for black beans, and that's fine
their $2 burritos are fine though
when I worked at Chipotle, I had to tell people steak was our spiciest meat:
Me: 1. Why? 2. It's hot if you're a BITCH
So cheap it makes me question the quality fr LMAO
well it's advertised as $2, but in my area they're $2.79
Hey Phantom! So happy you're still live, now I can watch now that I'm off work! phanto274Hype phanto274Bless good luck also!
if you don't wanna break the bank, Taco Bell's fine
you can do worse for more money
heck, the cravings box is $5.99, and a crunchwrap is $5.49. Yet the cravings box is a crunchwrap, taco, drink, and twists/chips
Honestly tho, the quality at chipotle has been terrible as of late
Wendy's isn't bad for the $4/$5 bag
thank you! how's the seed so far? phanto274BLANKIES
A few years ago McChickens used to be $1
get 2 or 3 things from McDonald's is almost $10
YOU HAVE TO USE THR APP MAN
@ThreeWeenies what's so special about the app
same reason why I use the TB app. Can't get the cravings box any other way
is that why they pester about that damn thing
well they're just selling your data
these days who isn't selling your data lbr
who tf doesn't have access to my data
@buff00n yeah, it's a pretty lost cause at this point
I think I was most freaked out when my wife was pregnant with our first kid and before we announced anything and before we started doing any research or whatever you might normally do, Facebook was like, "Hey congrats, here are some ads for baby supplies"
depends on the data - some things can be kept secret, and it helps
@janitorbeav I would delete my facebook if that happened to me
I ended up going with a 5 layer burrito and the Crunchwrap LMAO
lets see how my stomach reacts
@blacktiger51 I definitely don't use it on my phone anymore, and I basically check it once a week for family photos and that's it. I've also got it in its own separate cookie container to mitigate tracking. Weird part is that all this happened when I was using NoScript and Facebook was essentially in its barebones mode
WOW, this kombucha's doing it's job!
@janitorbeav there's been times I've THOUGHT about something, then it appears in my YT recommended or some ad
When can we all play among us
Golden Hammer? When'd you swap to Mario & Luigi????
Theyve made some fun updates and new game modes
I like using the John wick theme lol
Like, my character is a John Wick skin
I think you need a dip emote now
Pape Rando: The Search for Bombette
yeah, that's how deserts work iirc
Was this a required blue key seed? Have we been to crystal palace yet?
I love how partners close doors for you lol
I had to go, is this seed 2?
Bad for him, good for us. This has been good content.
what does the green toad and key mean before all the tracker stuff
oh, nice. if star pieces, does tm
was it hp+ for 1 or power plus? I'm slow
Losing exp is a bit of an extreme punishment for a small mess up like entering an avoidable battle
I think that you might not be behind then.
Remind me in 30 min when you are doing gk jcogDab jcogLUL jcogLUL jcogLUL
Will mega bomb be worth!? Lets see
I doubt most people would have done it faster. Bombette is locked behind too much and too much is blocked by her.
Dont get us too excited here
With that palette its basically just guy, nothing anti about him
I mean what is so bad about him. He doesnt attack you. You attack him, he just wants to protect his treasure.
Laki is go mode right ?
Half an hours almost over jcogNote
Next stream youre gonna hit 500 hours of total playtime for pape. What are we doing to celebrate ?!
how long has randomizer been out
Celebrate by playing more PMR?! LOL
It has in fact been 30 minutes
Blue key required seed!? Omfg lol
its also my wish I love blue key seeds
you'd think it would melt that ice
I do love the footprints in the snow
Lol I forgot about record after 2 hours lol
think I am gonna be sick
what the fuck what are you missing
is the race seed tomorrow one of the async ones? I would assume no
so ralph is based on how many chapters, not which ones?
I have learned so many things. sorry at your expense
tell that block to the one seed I had where rolf had parakarry after third chapter clear, who was blocking watt and bucket and frying pan, which had a fortress key
this was the seed of rolf
I'm a total noob and not good at games. but I always have to sleep between each section here for star points. one day I'll take the time to get better
it'll be the only part I watch this agdq
I watched LttP earlier, as fun.
but my interest in watching GDQ has waned in the last few years
I personally don't care for the prize segments :D
The only gdq I've watched is what I watched with you that one night lol
gdq just haven't been as good as it used too
Y'know if you did half the stars and used a cheating device you could get a 2:30
if you're not too tired, I'd be down to watch another phanto274BLANKIES
id love to chill with pepe merio for longer
I woke up at 1 30 pm today somehow
sounds like you needed the extra sleep today tiger
I usually wake up around 12 30
wake up strimmer ads are done
I'm eating some crackers, give me a minute
Oh 500 hours is hitting tonight !
I would never I was simply snuck up upon
on a scale from 1 to 10 do you think its time to go to bed tippiThink
Hey I'm new! how's it going?
If I don't teach you before then I'll def be teaching you wwsd rando when I move there
He can go to 8pm now
he have sunday school tomorrow  Kappa
I was at a party all day so Im late night man idk
Goddammit I didn't close my thing of corn bread all the way so my last 2 slices got stale >:(
Aww they might still be good for dunking in chili?
why would I add anything to cornbread it's already perfect
naw youre adding the cornbread to the chili lol
would you pick up goombario if u could sell him for 100 coins?
just chilling. Hope you're doing well
last seed was very fun Kappa
He really tried for it lol
So do you always start with this many partners?
I didn't know if it was a rando thing that allows you to explore
In the future, every seed will always start with Goombario. This is to make the rando more like vanilla.
I'm glad you said that because I was about to ask
I saw in the title. How does that work? Points?
you cannot use your bracket games for peril, bot
Oh yeah somebody was mentioning that in the BN server
I didn't read the whole thing because it's not really my area of expertise/interest, but it is pretty cool
All I want is an intro skip patch for 6
100%'d BN3, and I still can't tell you where everything is
True, but I've been playing a good amount of randos lately
would it be curlish to look up lotto codes for a BN rando run????
Yeah. Part of a challenge thing I'm dry running
or should/would those checks be where you're find the lotto #(s), in-game?
the stone could be in here
Are you doing the BN6 race tourney?
Supposed to start next(?) weekend and runs for a couple weeks
Last time I got concrete info was they they're trying to see if the JP community is interested
blackjack I believe, but idk if he does 6 or just 5
cheap shell shot is very nice
I feel that. Part of why I haven't gone back to them
But less to rng because yugioh likes to wring my balls
Train Arrow? I've been calling it Tri-Arrow this entire time. Oops.
I don't remember what I was calling it before I was finally corrected
It's strange that it's the only other instance of a required chip for progression
that's how I feel about BN4-6 in general. Some shit's just like, WHY. Why'd y'all think this was a good idea???
probably getting high on the job
BN2 stans refuse to forgive BN3 for not letting you hold 2 Styles
One thing I did like and wish they kept was buster counter
maybe it not a good idea to get the collection later this year phanto274Thonk
buster counter? wait, what was that
I kinda forget that MegaMan has a buster after my folder flows well
@buff00n From what I remember, it doesn't counter in the same way that it works in 4-6, but you essentially do the same thing with a charge shot and you get bug frags
I thought you were talking about a program
It has been a while so I could be misremembering stuff
We take wins when we can, lads
I guess they figured getting full sync off buster shots would've been broken
squint, I come back to see another seed
I think compromise could be made where you don't get full synch but you still stun
... but then, you get full sync literally for free if you're light in BN4, so......
Duo wouldn't be as big an issue if the bastard just got hit by AirHoc
my favorite DarkMega moment is when he triple deleted an encounter with LifeSword just as he was fading away
I still love the clip of Terra getting Pulverized by dark mega in 5
I need to watch it right now lol
@GoldenExperience PLEASE post the clip in chat
ooh, my favorite "WHY" moment in BN3: the fuckin time trials
@buff00n will do when I find it
"Can you crush these navis in a time limit w/ you EXTRA FOLDER????" WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME
(nvm that I deleted FlashMan in less than a sec cuz he walked into my lance, twice)
did laki use his cloud as a bathroom wtf
But I don't want to spam the channel
I'll just play it safe and assume they will care
it's better to ask for forgiveness than seek permission
It was piledriver, not pulverizer btw
what happened in the 2nd see
He went absolute apeshit and even styled on Terra
oh, NOW it doesn't wanna work
alright dude, gl on the runs. Have a solid night
we were playing some sea of thieves
almost lost the pokemon rando seed to a surprisingly accurate thunder jolteon
I pb'd any% by 14s after getting first try jr skip and early laki lzs
can't wait to run against this shit lmfao
gonna eat and lurk, hope the rando league goes well
what if frying pan is snowman's gift
I might have to actually learn race settings
2:30 AM here but can't sleep so screw it
which seed is this so I dont do it
I do, but its Sunday, and I have Covid :)
Its "starting" next Saturday, aka thats when we'll start asking people to schedule their matches
It was supposed to be this week, but I'm not running stuff while sick LUL
im just gonna steal your command thanks
You reminded me PM was one of the games I wanna learn, so maybe thats the main one I try this year
Also gives me ideas for other events to run :)
haha yeah it's an old ps1/dreamcast racing game where the courses are disney world rides
Tbh, the main thing would probably be to get the actual console LUL
I wanna go check that place ouyt
it's been a lot more fun than I expected! it's well made, and not just for a licensed game
Oh neat, do you typically go to the one in U district?
LUL that sounds like a fun day tbh
oof they're like $140 in los angeles :(
hoping my everdrive shows up in the next few weeks
when I got my n64 a few years ago, it had one with it
whenever I'm ready to get a SNES and a Genesis, I'mma try to get both systems from Pink Gorilla
oh wait! you noticed crystal dynamics on 102 dalmatians, right? they also did this racing game lol
they made pretty good licensed games haha
Would you rather have this or what you had last time
The mayor is holding laki hostage
this is gonna be a strong mario
Can you not get ultra boots and do that block on the mountain
I'm so glad I uploaded that badge to 7tv
lol how are the randos going
did you turn in all your 1 off shit
do you want me to tell
time to learn race settings el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
I did seed 1, PC went crazy all monitors when black sceen, but not the one I was playing on which screwed up my capture. This forced me to run OBS with the small audio delay. After I got all that back up the seed freaking crashed on me in the elevator room. Luckily I didnt have to fight Crystal King again. GL not watching. Cheer100
Internet went out for a bit, where was star stone/laki???
I forgot to mention, live splits crashed too
Of course it's also deathly ill shit laki
pape rando has made you a master of pulling Ws outta your ass
When does the League races kick off?
Congrats on the 500 hrs too man phanto274Gold
what sucks is, you can't re-run it. Gross.
Rando Randy sNeeders, rise up! onewin14Confirmo
so I had to rewatch the pape race, I'm like who the new dude who popped up haggThink
we be back for something famous last words   Kappa
you know that shouldn't happen again rofl
I just looked in discord looks good
I haven't even signed up yet
I do I just dunno if I want to commit to like 12 races or whatever
in addition to filling when the weeklies need it
joe was doing seed 1 last night and he game crash
is this text scrolling faster or am I losing it
is airbnb still worth it now
I paid to stay by myself the whole time and it was a bit chunky but
the proximity was well worth it
I think i'd be down for sgdq if it's in person
if it's in person, I might be there
I am the only person I know who did that
and it's bc I was alone
I was about to say, no one followed that lol
Such a tragedy of a seed. Let me know how seed 4 goes since the Dark Lord is following you around from the start LUL
the other group of ppl I hung out with started at 2
and then more ppl came streaming in
and there were like 8 at the end lol
there's 0 enforcement outside of the event area
im def going again if it's in person
if you volunteer and get accepted they'll refund your ticket so that helps
yea, I was too busy lol
I did donation tech, photography, and enforcement
which was really just asking people to wear their masks
anyway I was also doing wfh so it was a very bad idea
my hours were so fucked dude
more than one night I was doing midnight shift for photography at 11-3am and then getting up at 6 am to remote in to work
I'm too late to say something
I had a great trip but im not doing wfh again
just got here is every important npc going be purple
I need more friends to come so you def should lol
what days are the summer ones
im probably going to be heading right there from my sister's wedding
so imma crash a nap maybe, likely be back at the end or the start of new seed
I was watching the vod of seed 3, and it looked like watt glitches out while saving the yoshis. was I imaging things?
what day do you do weekly pape races
cause I wanna schedule pokpark race
ight so lemme pitch saturday to the masses
I want people to actually participate
that, watt didn't light up the room. that's normal?
gotcha. thanks, I'd never seen it before and thought she just didn't work
if someone's willing to shoot me in the face, I'll gladly take them up on that
oh so are the allowed tricks a thing for the league too
maybe 1 season lp skip will be allowed
no holds barred randos are fun
and by that I mean exactly what I know should be in logic
game trying spare ya with items
may cloud nine be with uou
had you leveled up once or twice with star points? level 7 chapter first is impressive
I'm missing a little while parenting
Just got here and see WeLoveGoombario
@grover53 damn kids. Needing things. It's almost like they rely on you
exactly! they keep asking for something called dinner, and it's just not ready yet
@grover53 WHAT? they want to EAT?
e ery day! more than once!
sheesh. sounds as needy as the puppies.
only one requires to be physically fed, so that helps
You stole their rain gauge D:
Did the Van guy from the race say why he left behind Mount Rugged in yesterday's race?
I bet Rosie probably would take the Pulse Stone if you let her...
You can beat 6 now, right?
I like how this seed is keeping you broke
What are you scared of a little cloud for?
Saved Goombario and left Kooper to die.
I actually did this in the first practice seed
A friend just messaged me, apparently someone they know got a rom of FE Engage and is playing it on their Steam Deck
Pyramid Stone was in the Lake and I also used Bombette
Wanted to say that I watched most of the race and it was good content. Good job on the commentary.
which switch emu are they using?
>I don't have the funds to get a switch
I'll never do it from an indie
I only do old games I can't get my hands on
Those are long out of print.
I'm trying to get interest into FE Engage
don't like how it looks but I ain't gonna pirate it
*sigh* what if it was important?
my feelings about FE series has been declining bawkBlub
they just ain't the same anymore
speedrunners ruining my fun. Skipping lantern ghost and that ever important chest.
Not like a chandelier will fall on you or anything
I agree, but I hate how many times I have bought minecraft
Three houses, more like zzzzz houses.
Fates Conquest story killed my interest in finishing Conquest
Fun activity: calculate game cost per hour vs movie ticket prices.
still bought them, but dislike it
THE STORY OF FATES WAS TRASH
I don't like tactical rpgs so I never got into fire emblem
Paying for a game is hella CHEAP
@keo314 Especially when you realize that game prices have only really increased majorly once. $50 to $60.
we in the day and age of where 60 hours + is common
I've been playing pikmin 2 romhacks lately, theyve been quite good for that
Still, 8 hours is .... $80 worth of movies?
I dumped +100 hours in Sonic Mania cuz that short ass game was fun af to warrant multiple playthroughs as multiple characters
I budgeted $20 and 2 hour movies
I'm for shorter games with "worse" graphics
NES was $50 as far as I know.
someone was looking at a 1990 sears catalog and a bunch of them were $70 used then
games are 90 bucks plus tax in canada
I win. I buy popcorn at the grocery store. I watch twitch. I sub when I can afford to (work breaks even). Even cheaper
@blacktiger51 depends on the game. I don't remember what Monster Hunter cost, but Factorio was $40. I have over 2k hours.
monster hunter world was like 69.99 when it was 1st out
so, $70 at 400+ hours. Not as cheap as 0.02cents/hour
no, that doesn't include tax, which varies by province
I missed it, what did you get?
5% GST, provinces with PST.... or HST.... more
depends where youre at, in ontario its 13%
7% PST? I haven't lived in Ontario or BC for a while.
I thought that was northern montana
I think it's 8% for me
Nope, we may be north of Montana, but they call us the Canadian Texas
alverta is 5%, BC is 12%, manitoba is 12%, new brunswick is 15% newfoundlands is 15% NWT is 5% nova scotia is 15%, nunabut is 5% ont is 13% PEI is 15%, quebec is 14.975% saskatchewan is 11%, and yukon is 5%
unless I'm messing with ps5 and I haven't messed with those
They have to do things their own way.
that was from Meet The Robinsons.
we don't have tax on food item if it a need so stuff like pop is taxed and stuff like milk is not taxed
Green Penguin Hank Schroeder was too busy looking at his rocks to check if the mayor was still alive.
Anyway, it still comes to hella cheap per hour cost even if you don't play for 2k hours.
most Colorado food is the same as well
did you feed drugs to your bot?
apparently I missed all of your chapter 3
eh do I dare see how much of FE engage was spoiled from people getting those stupid rooms
HA joke's on you! I don't have social media!
nah I'm not blocking that game. I saw the designs and got turned off
I was like go ahead and spoil me
Does twitch count as social media?
I stay off social media when there a game I want to play
the only game I want to play is Octopath Traveler 2
so I will leave around then
It's also garbage, without a doubt.
Poop. Then I have to revise my statement, or only watch youtube
I open twitch 1 day and it auto play the new gow game I was like no close
if your bot is going to be coherent, I should reward it
Was that a 5FP shell shot?
Ouch, who's MVP this seed. Bombette.
chance of train being in toy box?
Rooting for Train blocked by antiguy
oooo. I looked away and a lunar stone appeared!
An apple a day keeps the doctor away
I think he was with the star children
my day has been just watching star trek and switching between fusion rando and yugioh
just waiting on my dad so we can put together the home gym he got last week
I got to get the DVDs. Sucks it is not on Netflix anymore. What part are you on?
why is 2 not lit up?
they just got the defiant and are aware of the founders and the dominion
That's when the show starts to get really good. Season 3 is great.
You should be coming up on one of my favorite Garak episodes.
Would be wild if it was.
but ye, I do a star trek rewatch of the late 80s early 90s series, so TNG, then DS9, then Voyager
and on yugioh, I finally have built my blue eyes deck
missing 1 ch1 key, lunar, raven, miracle water, red key, and palace key aftert 3:30+
bruh, I played a game against a buddy of mine, had 2 blue eyes, plolymerization, a card I can use to get another blue eyes, and a throw away card I can discard
so I had turn 1 blue eyes ultimate
im about to watch your vod at doublee speed
I even did blue key checks
@axl_sr dis you probably skipped a shop
I checked those again just before I quit
Was that the second seed you did on Saturday, Phantom?
wasn't jade raven in boo library in seed 2
I remember you DNF the first one and went into that seed so annoyed.
I watched paper's race vodthe library?
I remember as well and I woke up at 2am to see him doing seed 3
You woke up as I went to bed. I got through as much as I could though.
Anyone else think they were trying to make Laki into a Leprechaun or zombie in seed 2 with his color palette? LUL
I like the one that makes him like his girlfriend palette
Its actually good meme material if you see the potential in green Laki
The palette in this seed is good for him.
@Trevbonk He looks like he is in a perpetual state of air sickness.
because everyone knows you have to blow up doors instead of push.
@pethanct01 I actually kind of like green Laki
kind of reminds me of midas - them gold ice
These are the kind of seeds I see Gil practice with. Good to know he has a talent for rolling interesting seeds LUL
did he roll the one on peperace yesterday? it seems like it was ultra ugly too lol
Fun to watch horrible to play LUL
that seed yesterday was a mess
Ugly seeds are the best for content. Keep up the terrible luck.
Paperario the new kid in town is coming for you, better watch out
oh? how'd you get introduced to paper mario ?
Phantom we should grind xrd when I move there
Jibca keeps hyping up their anime game scene there and rollback for xrd is in 4 days
I played pape when I was like 6
I was like 6 or 7 when I 1st played paper Mario
I genuinely don't remember if I played 64 or ttyd first
then again, I was born the same year the N64 came out
I remember playing them both multiple times though lol
@WEEGEE666 oof. I feel ancient. My teeth might as well be falling out
TTYD was just a game my uncle gave us with the gamecube and my sibling bought 64 on wiivc so I just had both
I just had it I only remember how I got like 2 of my n64 games
I bought pm64 on launch day, not even knowing it would be a rpg or what a rpg was
@KagiStreams ttyd wasn't even out when I played pm64 the first time, what have you got to worry about?
I remember renting Paper Mario from Blockbuster
@Nekonayzz I think I have a copy I bought when they sold them
I played Super Pape and then Pape 64 on Wii U VC :)
same and then it was bought as a birthday gift for me Neko
yeah I wish I got it as a gift
I just remember buying it on Wii shop I think
I bought mine like years later once I had money at a old games store and it was jacked up in price ;-;
I sold my cartridge to gamestop for 15$
Then bought it on vc for 15$ a few years later
sometimes you just feel the fuck up
I get it a lot with window jump lol
That's why I just Parakarry, pie jumps too scary
I have never try to do that jump I know I am just gonna fuck it up
This is the fastest I've seen you do one of these seeds since Saturday.
I am confused by both of the last messages.
experiential /ikspiren(t)SH()l,ekspiren(t)SH()l/ Learn to pronounce adjective involving or based on experience and observation.
The bot is referencing that one weekly seed where Goombario was with the Yoshi kids and we discussed how its an experiment to see how often Goombario appears in 5
Axl forgot Yoshi kids and Phantom ignored them in that seed LUL
The bot makes sense sometimes Kappa
I might stay up all night and beat it
JCog really set a standard against Blooper.
I'll see if I can do that rofl.
I  gotta double check date again
how does the bot get it's phrases from? does it randomly read what we are typing and generate something?
One day it'll learn from me and you won't like that
So the bot is becoming sentient?
I could just call off like a day or two make sure I'll beat it. I want that Krauser fight in there
We have to teach the bot to love Goombario.
Do I have good news for you
we can't teach it love now
we say bad stuff about Goombario
That was in my chat though he knows the audience he talks to
Guess the bot can be taught to live Goombario after all KEKW
Goombario is the best goomba in Paper Mario 1
only 1 Blooper fight is pog
Didn't have to fight Goomba King either in this seed.
go mode chapter 4 is lame I love this chapter
Go mode chapter 4 is a dream since you know that all your items are not in the check dense toybox
Bet you had Diamond stone in mind when you fought him considering what happened in the race.
go mode chapter 7 is a dream checking crystal palace  sucks
I love when the shy guys just pop
okay it's good time when he pops too
I say the best chapters and areas to go mode since they suck in having to double dip or check are 7, 2, Fortress in 1, and Tubbas Castle in 3.
You forgot 6, you can skip almost all of it in go-mode
Dip into Crystal Palace for Storeroom key to find Bombette in Harry's shop
Go mode 6 is fast, but the checks are so close together I feel its quick to do them or double dip
remember that time when goombario was with bow and bow had goombario?
I jsut got spoiled as well, didn't know he was doing two seeds tonight.
I'd have to read instead of click and full screen then
now I'm panicking. I need to figure out dinner so I don't miss the start of the second seed!
which video was the one that got your PB?
do you have another life shroom?
peach got that coral blue #2 semi gloss lipstick from spongebob on
I missed most of the last hour, due to the kiddos
@grover53 you probably missed feeling old. They were talking about how old they were when games etc came out.
that was fun! How about another? :P
great timing Risch, I'm brb, gonna do another though
ooof bad timing. Ads then another run
yay im not cursed with the anti-timing
just in time for the start then popCat
He's doing one more seed, so sit tight, raid!
it'd be nice to see the credits change depending on what he did, aka no goombario, yes goombario, no yoshi, yes yoshi
just popped in from the raid. sounds like fun
sweet. I can see the run top to bottom then
Gil rolls some cursed seeds man. I have watched some of the worst abominations he played for practice LUL
this is a Raven approved seed
In one Practice seed, Gil had to double dip palace for bow in triple dip chest and come back with ultra boots for a tubba Key. In that same seed, 7 scaled general guy was required to beat first for weight just to get supers LUL
Yep thats what happens with him a lot LUL
I wonder if plando will be possible one day. I know it depends on the coding and technical knowledge like that.
I bet you could just turn the spoiler log into a patch file
hey now, that looked like something (money)
It may or may not be a problem.
Yeah Koopa bros Fortress is forsaken out in the middle of nowhere
There are 2 FFs in this game
You're now obligated to use Slow Go.  You signed the contract. LUL
It starts out coherent, then devolves into two separate ideas.
Slow Go is just lonely sometimes.
Slow go is single and ready to mingle to lower someones Forward speed Kappa
I thought it was funny when JCog was near the mystery jar and some just says. Mystery Jar for the people?
@Trevbonk Exactly, Trev. You get it
Slowgo is a speedrunner's dream badge.
shoulda chucked that coconut in her fac-
The weird thing I hate about coming to 3 is that theres not enough weight the boos can pull to make it a fun time unless you find the weight Kappa
Those doors are making me crave chocolate.
are there 3 or 4 checks in the forest?
And this cutscene for boo game is why theyre always short on fun ideas and leave everything forgotten in the basement Kappa
He was holding Sushie for ransom. The fiend!
don't let ch 5 be ch 7 scaled again
he only has progression up to #6, right?
I don't think that will affect this guy.
A man living in the sewers sells you a live fish, what do you do with it?
or is Sushi Actually Sushie? Kappa
These cutscenes are there to keep the integrity of the game.
The cutscenes were intended to make you remember past mistakes each time you got a game over in a fight LUL
As a kid, I actually learned and memorized Huffs dialogue and cutscene after dying so much to him leveling only HP LUL
This seed is testing your resourcefulness.
This seed is testing his patience
I have a feeling what this is doing
Jungle fuzziness too much for me
Gave me redead vibes when I was a kid because they suck the life out of you. Also, being skin color is gross.
dont you have infinite money in toad town?
Money isnt an issue when you have Goombario with his inside trading schemes
I didn't say anything but you completely ignored that first vine last seed
palace key.... TWO SEEDS IN A ROW
its funny how everyone comes into phantoms stream to bitcch about their seeds. I know im not the only one LUL
because I forgot to check the study in tubbas castle
oooooo, someone else streaming pape. Followed!
bowser tried to lightning me two times in a row at the end because I had no life shrooms
also two ultra hammer - super boots seed in a row
and two seeds in a row where palace key has hecked me over
Actually 2 abneyBolt , shield, then another 2 abneyBolt in succession abneyStare
you already have so many partners so early woah
also took me forever to just beat one chapter
i'm realy frustrated I can't do season 0. work is just too crazy for me the next couple months
it will give me more time to become not shitty tho which is good
The bot's response to Raven makes it funnier.
Seemed like it wanted to one up Raven.
I just wish I had the stamina to do more than one seed per day
go faster! then it's not as long :P
To be fair, there's also a big difference between 2 3-hour seeds and 2 4-hour seeds
I was curious how yo were getting through that room
only 4 more hours until Iori is top tier
Also the bot saying lol at the end of 90% of his messages is perfect
GL GL need to go run a work errand :(
we knew what it was this time
This is a Gil signature alright LUL
I just realized, there is no north shore in Louisiana.
yeah if you try to go there you might very well softlock NiceSoftlock
don't listen to the bot, it's lying
Wait theres not North shore? I thought it was a north shore If you approached it from the south LUL
can you get ultra boots before super boots?
time to hit the bonus game
north shore is just a scrap area of louisana  Kappa
What did I miss, I wasn't paying attention.
do you have enough stars yet
just make it so mario doesn't drop anything
What if they just took the five coins instead of dropping them.
in a speedrun, the encounter is punishment enough. Dropping xp/coins is just a kick in the groin
I mean, at least it was all in volcano
I just realized my millia color in xrd is dlc
I HAVE TO FUCKING FISH FOR IT
what does soft locking in real life feal like?
Softlocking real life is like a nightmare that you are stuck in repeating
isnt an IRL softlock just sleep paralysis?
I say the closest thing to softlocking is regretting your whole life and everything
and restarting the level, midlife crisis
How do you reset a real life softlock?
You would have to redo everything all over again but the soft lock makes you regret the choices leading up to event of the softlock
Wait you can just reset your softlock if you are an AI LUL
apparently I asked a very philosophical question lol
that wouldnt be a softlock then, itd be a hardlock or a crash
@weegee666 a question that no one thought about LUL
I'm doing good. Just doing marathon junk :D
The bot sure is being cheeky tonight
gotta run, y'all! good luck with the seed
You ever watch Kitboga, he has been training an AI to call scammers and waste their time.
He's worth checking out on here or Youtube. He just calls scammers all day while disguising his voice. The scammers get so mad.
There's a few "scambaiters" out there, but I like Kitboga quite a bit.
He's spreading awareness of a real issue. Apparently Americans have lost 6 billion $ in the last year to those scammers.
Im used to the gray one
What an evil bastard holding ultra stone LUL
Goombario with the Ultra Stone PogChamp
I need the normalcy that the grey beanie brings me
When I firsst played this game as a kid, I spent so much time in the desert killing the pokeys and bandits.
I just liked the area. I still didn't know about that triple secret with the hammer hitting the fake block. Only new about the first hidden block there.
I had a guide book and I always had it open for the desert map
Wait, do u already have 3 keys?
I hammer that block 100 times tons of times
Yeah, you had 3 keys before you opened the first one.
What is vanilla off that block trio?
3 FP Power Bomb. You love to see it
I only knew about the one you get when you sleep in the inn.
the wiki says  Amazy Dayzee can drop jammin jelly huh I never knew that
I think I would rather have them separated.
It does have its own category though
That'd be a bit punishing to include them.
add oinks for true CBT rando
Coin block to justify the seed.
Any idea on where watt is
I didn't appreciate Watt's abilities until recently. Being able to attack while ignore defense is useful.
Its possible that Watt is nuclear energy in the form of a mini sun. That explains the pierce Kappa
Toy box is also a really great dungeon. Spent a lot of time here just playing around when I was a kid.
Kind of funny that they just employ a random Toad to run the train.
They wanted someone who didn't ask questions.
Howre the fp costs for power/mega bomb?
Well, considering Ralph is a dog, I guess that works.
I better not say what pink lantern ghost reminds me of LUL
what does pink lantern reminds u of?
Let the 69 Star points tell you what pink lantern ghost reminded me of Kappa
Casually passing up close call LUL
Exactly so much so that close call could wait
It shows the Koopa Bros deep motivation to trick Mario into hitting a fake block.
Now this scene has explosive potential.
I imagine this wasn't a hard decision. Two star points or spook.
Cooked up a legendary badge for the people.
This is a pretty brutal seed with all the backtracking.
Everything in Chapter 2 went down to a bomb soooo
Despite being Italian, I like my foods mostly basic in terms of toppings
speaking of Mediterranean food, I was finally able to order greek today
First gyro in like 2 years
Vanilla means this seed lacks direction and taste LUL
somehow I doubt we are going to find watt anytime soon
@Trevbonk But it could also mean that it's the most neutral.
P down D up is always the play Kappa
Who needs power when you can have defense. Kappa
and we have a vanilla looking flavored Huff to rub the miracle water in LUL
I've been considering playing this casually for the first time. I've played TTYD, but never the original
That's what I hear. I enjoyed TTYD quite a bit, so I don't see why I wouldn't like this one
Goombario instead of Goombella and really wink Smadge
Plus I don't jave to play with oddly busty ghost Kappa
I haven't seen low cost power bomb in a while, until this seed
ok well that feels like a gimme
Does glitchless do partner damage or mario damage I forget
Kooper has a fire shell tho
I like Fire Shell as a concept
I used ms mows almost exclusively in my casual play through for the piercing damage
But her hat is less cool
I forgot about the log lol for a second
whos the goombario (useless) in TTYD then?
I was sad when flurry was introduced :( I enjoyed Bow so much
Flurrie is literally a living Gust Bellows
I can't wait to see you lead all those punis glitchless
It's not a glitch it's a feature
It's how you're meant to play chapter 2
just you know, we didn't need to fight them
We don't talk about Chapter 3
I enjoyed chapter 3 on a casual run, but I can def see how in speedrun it's annoying
Charlie is a hero for selling slow go
Charlie, my best friend who never sells me Mega Rush
Charlie just wants to sell slow go is all Kappa
no one wants his stinky Slow go
Weight being there is salt on the wound LUL
It's like watt, but in a shroom
I have an idea Goombario please give us a hint
Wasn't there a Dictionary in a shop?
All it does is beat 4 and Yoshi kids
just broke as f in the beginning
I turned on smash and was confused as fuck as to why "Brown" was the p1 name
I haven't actually booted up the game on my own switch outside of events
Since before the arcadian in october
My music mods got fucked up somehow the mixing is out of wack
kbf key is gonna be deep in 7 jokehoSucks
welp i'm gonna head out, gl on the rest of the run!
The seed just couldnt let it go and give your fortress key. Now you have to search all of 7 for the fortress key
how was the ghost pepper sauce?
You should go on hot ones
the only thing spicy I have by me is ghost pepper chips
sign me the fuck up for that
okay, but did it taste good
How long did you let yours soak
I gotta cook up some sichuan food soon
I'm down for spicy, but it better taste good if it's gonna burn my tongue off
i'm so pathetic with spice but I agree ^
gotta love when chain restaurants make "mega fucker burn your ass off spicy" burgers only for it to be cayenne pepper LUL
had a friend who couldn't stomach BBQ sauce. it was too hot for them
You should consider doing the blazin challenge
cayenne is the salt and pepper of spicy
Lurking but I just wanted to add to the spicy conversation and say the 2 ghost pepper foods I had weren't ghost pepper
I throw garlic pepper, cayenne and black pepper on stuff cuz I like the aste
Did you do the one chip challenge at all?
I'll do it with you if you get it after I move
I love spice but that is the one thing that genuinely punishes me
I know someone who failed the one chip challenge because she ate hot chips 10 mins in saying 'that wasn't bad'
@RavenFP didn't you almost die that time he cooked for us
Like it's hot, yes, but the stomach pain is what gets me the worst
ngl, I do want more of Phantom's cooking
last check palace I am calling it
Phantom that ghost pepper scared me loool
good food tastes even better when I'm not prepping it, or paying for it
you ever gonna play with the reaper?
just mmake a road trip Kappa
Safeway haven't been to 1 since I live on the west coast a long ass time ago
oh yeah that doesn't exist here lol
I use to live in bc a long ass time ago I live out east now
gonna assume that's a "Jewel-Osco", ie Grocery & Drugstore
I was thinking mailbag but didnt want to say it LUL
it's okay I live in the one state that everyone meme on
May as well pick up the weight for 100% tracker completion
I had a friend who somehow never heard of an italian beef
ok that's why I heard it
Never heard of Italian Beef on the east coast
Yeah I live in that area so
The world outside the midwest must be cruel
the only reason I know of it then
Jesse said he found a portillos in like cali or some shit
it's in Michigan but people acting like I'm going to Detroit or w.e
phantom you didnt get it dipped I bet
Sichuan is where it's at. I promise it won't dissappoint.
I don't feel a kick out of that
tbf, I mostly get burgers, chili dogs or chicken sammiches > italian beefs
when the last time I had a good chili dog :(
Portillos has a good chop salad
a singular text mod that just makes Kooper say 'are you fucking kidding me' here
@brotherbluto I was thinking the same 
you reminded I need to get that shit when I'm paid
it's really dragging it out isn't it LUL
you didn't get the kbf key yet oh no
so I'm convinced to make chili dogs tomorrow
fuck now I feel like I have to go to Sonic tomorrow and get a chili dog
I need me a good chili recipe
I'm trying a new Chili recipe
oh neat, I'll look at it
when I worked at Chipotle, my coworkers look at me like I was crazy cuz I ate whole ass jalapenos
I hate the taste so much
@buff00n They had never seen a hero before
I like the C R U N C H
i'm such a baby when it comes to spicy
oh you mix in cinnamon in chili? coolio
Ok I hit a 0 to death on ohrocks I'm derusted
Who says bell pepper are spicy LOL
a white woman at work has said a red pepper was spicy
Have they eaten a Red Bell Pepper?
I use Red in my stuffing
I just love all of them but they aren't spicy >.>
Am I a red or green bell pepper
I use red or green for omelets here and there
I would say you a Green
@ThreeWeenies you're red, on my screen
that's why I gravitate towards jalapenos. I like the taste.
probably my most hated pepper is jalapeno
Every salsa with jalapeno in it I've had has been tasty
I always thought it was the seeds that make peppers spicy
Theres a mango habanero moonshine that gets made in Virginia and its soooooo good
Thats what Anthony Bourdain taught me as a kid lol
apple pie moonshine has been my favorite moonshine thus far
alright I actually gotta slep, you guys have a good night!
damn, we're missing the "Mikey" Koopa Bro.
Troopa should've shown up as a bonus boss in a later Paper Mario
God I forgot how satisfying waft was
I be shittin and they die
yo? he's showing off his RAC?
He was doing mario and luigi earlier
is there a warehouse skip? if so could you point me in the right direction?
This stream is sponsored by RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS!!!! RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS is an mobile game that's super awesome and it awesomes all over the mobile game competition having over 1 Bajillion downloads on the app store. RAID has a bunch of heroes to select from and if you sign up now, you get a free 9 star hero that breaks the game!
W'ee gonna be in the shadows raiding like legends
RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS? more like RAD SHADOW LEGENDS because this game is RADICAL!
wario is normally loud so it's normal
wario is a good jumpscare in my Mario 64 copy
I want a Mario 64 copy with RAID: SHADOW LEGENDS
monadoButt Guess who I got I gift sub to btw
I'm about to pay to win through raid
I'm in class so I hafta leave actually but good luck
I feel very stinky about what I dif
 I need to finish my comms and zines but I do want to do animated emotes
in and out in an hour I promise
you use a raphnet to gc for pape right? if so you should look at #speedrun-help real quick
classes started today and it's gonna be a long ficking semester
the bots a zoomer, #'s are outdated
make a Wind Waker OST tier list
can we talk about "AAAAAAAAAAA" though?
are these seeds using the regular race rules?
wait I just saw weed Mario in the bottom right just now
I hope it works with the download and account stuff and everything. Ill go try
but that was the best part phanto274Cry
do I need to use the code?
Gosh, I really need to set up a carrd
koopa village block is like power rush I bet
how far do we need to get?
I think my wifi is gone lol
I got it downloaded on my phone though old Account, cant use anymore pepeHands
ahh that what I was thinking since u said it out of logic
I don't know how to make the lobbys
but where do I use the code?
I have it on mute I check it sometimes
Hmm, no thanks. I prefer to be pretty chill
When did you mirror your webcam
That fuzzy wanted you so badly
Also depends on the seed. With fp costs differing, that gives different partners opportunities to shine.
idk why they said that as a suggestion lol
Oh man this is a fun thread to read lol. Gl btw
Getting rid of cut scenes is the elephant in the room and they are focusing on the mice.
you know there's a bunch of cutscenes in this game
kooper puzzle make chapter 7 hammer locked
So I get a drawing block out for the first time in months and get a paper cut right away Madge
Its exactly because theyre thin and deep
they better let us cheat in race settings
Doesnt mess with core gameplay. DK64 allows the player to swap kongs on the fly. Could you imagine going to the kong barrel to switch kongs in a rando. Nobody would play it.
Every katana strives to be a sheet of paper
in glitched logic that make chapter 7 hammer locked that what I mean
He says after just picking up Kooper
m4, I have a name wtf
I didnt realize how much I hate the mayor and his wife until I started watching your channel. Save the timr, not the penguins.
you should joint he pmr league
if you do I will too
Did you see the new dragon dude in arknights CN? Hes constantly talking while deployed and this girl reminds me of that lol
I haven't played pape rando in like 4-5 months
and i'm trying to move soon LOL
there's plenty of time to schedule matches :)
That cut scene made me angry as a kid and having to relive that everytime I watch a rando ugh
BabyRage I gotta move first before I make any commitments D:
I think the league is the chance you were lookin for to play in a way that's more attuned to your schedule
I think rigby said he was doing it
been waiting 4 days for them to call me back
When is the league? Early spring?
and by that I mean I just wanna speedrun vanilla
Really? That soon? Prime 2 Rando tourney should just be wrapping up by then
the only time ive played rando in months except for the seed you redeemed phantom was when pape races needed a fill
I think those races would be a great time
my free time situation is complete ass rn however
I tried oot rando and I have seriously been spoiled by how fast you move in pape
it felt like it took so long to get anywhere
Sushis parents naming her sushi is like if my parents named me chopped human.
Didnt sushie name her daughter sashimi or am I making that up
Your average everyday Volcano first-clear seed
I should do a pape rando tonight
what flags are y'all using for league
That reminds me, I know what I'm gonna stream on April-Fools day
I think I will do one tonight too
@captainmd13 He did a level 7 volcano first seed last night
I wanted to do Goat Simulator 3, but that's an Epic exclusive so I have to improvise (Just haven't gotten around to the Epic store yet)
it's settled, imma do a pape rando tonight
are you still streamin super late
Alrighty, time for me to lurk and cook
That was meant to rile up chat
that'd be my start time yeah
that's why I havent been seeing you much lately lol
that's the only time I can do it
I have to be winding down for bed by the time you're online
it's ok though it only goes thru late feb/early march
@mx_four Also, happy to hear about your new gig.
a 1 fp power bomb. pog
yeah super happy for you m4 <3
ill be back degenning in march
I might not be working for a while after that bc of pdq2
I should be moved into a new place within the next couple weeks
Its true, Sushi does have a daughter named Sashimi.
and then if sgdq is in person i'll be going to my sister's wedding and then sgdq and then one of my best friend's weddings
waiting for the app to clear
ice don't tell them how you did your opponent in that gdq race
does that mean we getting m4 face reveal?
my appearance is not a secret lol
oh i'm going to GDQ 100%
i'll do unthinkable things to make SGDQ work out
well its a secret to me
Is that actually a person. Audioblood
I didn't think you were here, I didn't mean to light up your screen lmfao
the one slap from Bow always feels so bm
LA traffic at 4 pm be like
Its just a car with a bouncing cage
partner move shuffle would to that
I wanna see gombario use shell shot
Goombario already has that. What do you mean? Kappa
You're already on Cloud Nine when he tattles.
my goombario's going back in the box
meant to add that but I was in a Go Raid
lp is the type to say 'bg' and then spike its controller in response
NO. BG. IT IS VERY HOMOSEX THAT YOU TOOK ADVANTAGE OF MY WEAKNESS. DIE.
keep dropping the super cancel off the dash punch
It is about a spot inside a volcano, so it being a hot topic makes sense.
im not over lopez calling rhuff a 'rowfling'
It feels like the community has already collectively agreed that it's acceptable to deviate from vanilla, so why this specific hang-up?
Vanilla is great but it's nice to try new flavors every now and then
I'm so glad we don't have to play through the opening cutscene going through Peach's castle and what not
I have definitely reached the point where I don't care anymore
i'll just play it and get good
if I feel like its fun
I think it's prob time for me to start trying to metagame the logic
I mostly just run around and do everything
Hello Mr. 5800. What I don't get is why they don't give the option to change those things. Doesn't have to be mandatory if they don't want to.
They still shouldn't be stubborn about that though because they are making something for a community and want to attract watchers and players. Cut scenes do not help retain people.
I do gk for exp a lot lol
if the time sink to exp ratio is good
Did Goomba King get poisoned or something? Sheesh
I don't remember the yoshi cookie. What's it good for?
Boshi is not in this game.
So tell me about the league stuff phantom
I signed up, can't wait to get slapped
How long you think the league will go for?
The only downside is, I'm being asked to join the Z1R tournament
I agree bot. I wouldnt do that until 5%were taking HP, right?
So are you planning to do like, 3-4 seasons a year?
I'm curious how it goes. Surprised there's no timing requirements, just "don't lie"
I mean, the cheater is gone
But from what I've heard, the flags they've been discussing are 100% dogshit
Are you trying to kill the community?
I think its the buff that lets him do it
No one would join that shit
Which is the worst thing possible
(Im on a long delay while cooking)
that'd be sick and help motivate learning new tricks :)
it's way easier to say "I need to learn one trick" than "I need to learn ten"
Yo? Can we get a blockbuster Mega Quake too?
But I like Ruins Jump phanto274D
But the switches are green and red, clearly it has to be solved
wait I forgot races have big chests have hammer and boots
I dont even play rando like that but fuck that super hammer room LUL
When I was a kid, I mostly used Bombette in early game, Bow in MId game and Sushi from ch5 and on.
Parakarry was my favorite when I was a kid
It would be like requiring you to get the "2-3-1" hint in deku tree before being allowed to fight gohma
So stuff like the statues in ch7 before ck
You know what time it is
it's time to support Phantom time orange188Comfy
Parrykarry also got used a bit, I would swap between those four and I didn't appreciate Watt's greatness as a kid.
@orangeisborange Thanks for the gifted sub!
@orangeisborange Thanks for the gift sub!
Trevbonk didn't get one either, unlucky
Dodging gifties just like I dodge PBs
Thanks for the gift sub iceblueLove
the linger sand fucks with me so much
My matrix powers werent strong enough wtf
given your name that is surprising
We have quite the crew here
yea I keep frogetting to renew mine LOL
I can't wait to do a seed tonight and it take 5 hours
Cause I forgot how to kill bosses
Arm broken in tragic train accident at Mt Rugged
And go to Fogo de Chao
im down to burn my entire wallet again
Does your fogo de chao have
I ended up doing the race seed from Sunday and actually would have had a pretty decent time even with a lot of mistakes. I did it in about 3:45
Just got my report card and I passed all my classes
Got 1 more semester to go
Wish I only had 1 semester left of classes phanto274Rage
@Risch thats the thing you see behind the counter at a bank
An adult is a person who is cool?
Apparently they have their lives totally together but idk about that
I saw. Thank you to the sniper (the only time I'll ever say that in my life)
aight one more then I'm gonna lab billy
I thought emotes were sorted by newest lolol
Ive been subbed for 3 months max
Just realized Ive been subbed since I was 16
You can make 17 = 3 somehow
Those tasty 8FP costs for Bombette
This is what we call improvising
ye short hopping and having actual confirms and I'll get there
I feel like I can feel out the neutral p ez
How could you interrupt our jamming
No bulli the koopers strimmer  pls ariasy1Confuzzled
4 coin star piece goes pretty crazy
Even if this were chapter 7 scaled, I think we 2 shot them??
that's a weird way yo get gems
(^^) *: the sun is back! and Lily is still gonna die ariasy1Embarassed
Welp, have fun full-clearing your game looking for Palace Key
So these are async seeds, are we racing someone then?
A little more direct than vanilla, eh
Oh good Rose is not only important, but also annoying!
Oh these flags have shuffled letters?
If no 1 shot, I'm leaving
Why dosent eh fight you like a man
He sits on his little post like a merd
Dark Koopas are such pains normally. Its cathartic to see them get destroyed ariasy1Seemsdeece
I find it funny how smug bow is 24/7
Yeah, but Bow is a good character and fun to battle with.
The same way Mario jumps on them, by making contact
It was funny seeing all the racers getting tossed out of Tubba's in the race.
It baffles me to this day how well that Mega Rush badge is hidden. What a good secret ariasy1Seemsdeece
IS THIS THE LEGENDARY HIT GAME RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
I think someone wants to talk to you
So is super blooper a girl?
You fel... you know what, nevermind
I feel like it has been there recently
I remember one time a room in cpt 6 had palace key and red key or something like that
Give me a heart attack thats fine
I'll know more about the Pape league then
If the flags stink, I'm not joining
Are they considering doing cooperative seeds. Two people working together to complete seeds and sending each other items.
After you put the scarf and bucket on the snowmen
I've seen it on aLttP and OoT
I will eat ice cream anytime
Now what would YOU do for a klomdike bar
Lactose intolerant people dont need ice cream
Risch we can take a selfie and send it to Phantom
If we went got ice cream
As someone with a terrible stomach I can speak tp that
That's a risk I'm willing to take to make you jealous
Its almost gone now, its been a week
Just a week to goor something
I'm surprised I got it this year and not last year tbh
Last year I literally had drinks with someone on the last night of the event, and they tested positive after LUL
I hung out with Slackanator at SGDQ 2022, and he tested positive 2 days later
Also with the cold discussion from earlier, I live in socal, we dont do cold.
Watt casually chilling in Bowsers castle
I heard Rhonda Rousey in this game is that true
it was so bad that the power went out for my entire school district
And they didnt send us home
Oh yeah Phantom did you see
What I tweeted a bit ago
what if I sacrficed the transphobe for a dog
My AGDQ run held the 8th highest CCV the entire week
Like I was incredibly shocked that my niche game was that popular lol
I need to find some more time saves
So I can get a 33
This is probably my favorite song in the game? Maybe Star Hill is highermmm. Tough choice ariasy1Confuzzled
This is the best song in the game by far IMO
Cheer100 Santa Clause colors plus Golden Crown is best Crystal King combo. But he's dead now. Rip.
Needs a Scrooge color scheme for Mario
I don't even know what that'd look like
XD I just noticed 69 is FX C, I don't even need to play it to remember what that one sounds like.
I thought Watt was a miniature ball of nuclear energy disguised as a mini sun LUL
Is she the only little sparky in the game?
I mean, technically there is a letter from Watt's Mom, but that's off screen.
I did not realize she was a sparky. Of course she is. Why is she the only one.
Lil Sparkies were in SMW too
So was she put in the lantern at..."birth"
What would I even call it
Oh but also, Amps suck, and Sparkies should come back
So Lantern Ghost is a child abductor. He looked like one anyway.
I guess the frying pan evolved into an air fryer LUL
He's the Grinch to Crstal King's Santa Claus colors.
And now he's dead too, Rip.
2 and a half hours in and were finally getting caked up
I'll laugh if Watt is Vanilla flavored today.
I think I know where watt is
The bot had great timing there.
@Pallos7 He was on the fuzzies.
i've gotten that bully dude twice
So there's more than one child abduction in this seed.
But Phantom is only saving one.
Anti Guy looks like a Gingerbread Man! XD
hello mr Phantom (2*2*2*5*5*29) how is the async going puffy7Peek
just need watt im assuming here
Because it was behind Goombario Fuzzies? I'm guessing?
WATT-ever could they be hiding behind YEP
I'm a believer in vanilla watt
If it is we can guess the thumbnail for this one.
Boo is broken in this fight.
why doesnt mario just use a fire flower for light
You are your own dark lord
Why does Parakarry, the largest of the group, not simply eat the other party members
Imagine if Watt was behind Goombario all along. graham42Lul
I heard Ronda isn't very supportive of the dark lord
The fuzzies are two checks, aren't they?
Goombario was on the fuzzies, apparnetly, and juding by that tracker, that also means Phantom didn't get that item in Koopa Village. I really hope that isn't Watt. XD
arent fuzzies technically 3 checks (unless you just went behind kooper's house and dipped)
well me and zaroth are friends I guess
Would be funny if his hatred of Goombario led to him not getting Watt.
the enemy of my enemies are friends
Imagine if mystical key was rando too
see they should edit the logic to make it that goombario is always in checks required to access other checks YEP
Can I be a shrek dog?
You think watt could be with rip cheeto
so missing watt aside... how have things been with this run? Just got home :P
honestly very interesting to have a partner be whats holding you back from go mode
Where is that Sassy Lost Child?
Mighty Dark Lord do you use bears or other scary animals?
are you gay Mighty Dark Lord?
you really don't want to pick up goombario do u
You gotta feed the staff guy dogs and shreks tom make him stop dying
This is the stuff of nightmares
I actually had some weird dreams of Goombario last night in my sleep LUL
What's up with those messages in the top left
I am going to have some dark dreams after seeing this
can't believe Goombario kidnapped Watt like that
My worst nightmare has been seen before my eyes
I wonder how many people skipped this when going through this seed lol
These seeds love to include Goombario and I'm here for it
the whole seed I had a feeling that check was something
I will not forget Pixel Mario room ever again
I will not forget Pixel Mario room ever again 
I will not forget Pixel Mario room ever again LUL
Gil has Evil Goombario as an emote for a reason Goombario invades his seeds a lot LUL
You missed Phantom being forced to get Goombario. It was great.
I could probably do it again and do better
Is being a dark lord free to play
Phantom right now: "Maybe if I don't put Goombario on the tracker, it will go away."
where did Watt end up? I
Up on block in Koopa village.
He didn't get it because Goombario was being held by the fuzzies/
should I retry the seed later? Or just let it go? Later as in like tomorrow
What were you doing at 1000 yourube subs again?
thanks. had to make sure my kids allergic reaction wasn't ER worthy
Pretty coherent. This bot is becoming better.
Dark Lord is my imaginary friend
This seed is enough to make me rage too
The dark lord lives in a house?
Where is their armor dark lord?
I even did crystal palace blue key checks to make sure LUL
Dark Lord Siroth wearing my jeans
This seed is just pure trash
This seed is the perfect blend of vanilla, chocolate, and with a slight hint of strawberry
Use AI to make your vtuber model
They stopped airing those because the Dark Lord adopted all of those dogs
yup it gonna get alot of use
Are there circuses in RAID SHADOW LEGENDS because there are a lot of clowns there
Hopefully there is a 99.9% chance that we dont have to deal with the Dark Lord again
Makes sense pink lyrics for pink bow
actually thats kind of good For Rowf to have those there since you can just enter 6 anytime after finding the other seed
This is looking like a Rowf seed already. LUL
@scrambleddragons because he is holding the seed hostage Kappa
Google show me the Dark Lord Siroth
Kooper was trapped in the Toy Box
Was that two bubble berrys in this room? XD
So thats what volt shrooms do
"Give her some of those magical beers" -Dark Lord Siroth
Hey look. Volt Shroom found a use in this seed
Can't you also summon Dark Lord?
I mean how did you get all of those shreks
Can I get ronda at the hot tub stream
Two turtles and a ghost walk into the forest
Have you watched any other non shrek movies by dreamworks?
Persona is a rip off of Shrek if you think about it
They want you to play fair
They want to to invest in Goombario instead Kappa
Did gil play through all these prior?
We need the human Shrek vtuber model
But last seed is definitely something he  rolls quite a lot LUL
Just like the scene in Shrek 1 where he rescues Fiona
Good thing you have been saving up
Merlow, why you holding Bombette for ransom? LUL
Because Goombario instructed him to do so
Why has no one questioned the Dark Lord's gamer status?
I need water. My mouth is on fire.
But I have dinner, and you're my movie!
the 1C crushed chilis + 3 Tbsp crushed chili powder (and other things) I cooked my chicken and onion in
The seed is already entertaining :)
Was that a walmart brand log I saw?
was he playing out of the game
was that the game you were talking to
once you get to know him than he's so bad
what is this scaling? randomizer scaling.
Vanilla but they changed the ingredients
@RavenFP I need you to wipe my memory of last seed for me. WeHateGoombario
what's gated behind the star pieces?
Raven, you wanna know what happened last seed?
Whats bad for you is good for us
Goombario was on fuzzies, Phantom skipped Goombario, Watt was on block in Koopa Village locked by Goombario.
WeLoveGoombario kinda reminds me of Jebaited
That's it, in a nutshell. XD
Oh wow, is this really gonna be all Vanilla chapter difficulty seed? XD
I hope it is all vanilla difficultly
Also the bot @'d jokehow in my chat
I forget what the message was I just remember @jokehow lol
He @'ed someone with the name of blood in this chat. The guy happened to be watching too.
@ everyone youtube subs are free! go do what the coherent message says!!
what has 2 thumbs and is not a guy?
I wondr how succeptible this boss is to sleep stomp? phanto274Shrug
Seeds like this separate the men from the boys LUL
Good thing you had those snowman dolls.
So you just beat the final boss right?
Bro you should need bombette here
Hey phantom! hope streams been good
I just realized what exactly Phantom menat before about the Discord
in your opinion what's the worst chapter 7 scaled boss?
I'm honestly tempted to pick this up.
I wonder what happens if you try to use homeword shroom during the escape sequence?
4 and 5 when they are 7 scaled and required to beat first are bad
You can get Ultra Boots pretty early this seed, huh?
my players killed an adult white dragon
Thanks for sparing us the Mayor Penguin and his evil wife.
Penguin wife is the type of person that would be on an HOA board.
I live in one and joined the board for a year to try and make them less abusive to the neighbors. That didn't exactly go according to plan.
I'm tempted to save up the 100,000 points and request Super Mario RPG.
dumb question but does the partners you get later in the game have any dialogue for early scenarios like this?
I believe Prologue reuses Goombario dialogue, ch3 has sometimes custom dialogue and sometimes no dialogue for later partners
so can you use his tattle on map? or is he just doing nothing but following you?
Bows like "shit thats my house"
I mean, there is a setting where you can use overworld abilites without them, but Phantom doesn't play on that setting usually.
What's the point of getting them if you can always use them
this is a pretty silly mod
I reccomend checking out the randomizer site Colonol, it's a lot of fun to try out.
I feel like those 2 being the same item in rando will always be funny no matter what the item is
Imagine if Bubble Berry was required for Laki again. XD
I know that the fast text is better. but I can rarely tell what items are.
Whelp now dipping palace is in logic
what does this guy normally give you?
oh wow this mod skips quizzes?
Those + 1 Life Shroom and 1 Repel
Basically, there's a randomizer site where you can choose your settings and completely randomize the game, there's a lot more settings than what Phantom is currently using too.
You can randomize things like Letter Rewards, Star Piece Panels, Koopa Koot Rewards, and other stuff too, but only if you want too.
so im guessing the item limit is extended?
is this the seed with 7 bp last stand?
Unless you add item pouches, a new item which increases your item limit by two.
So this rando I only seen you do three glitches. There aren't many glitches in this overall, correct?
the craziest thing on the discord is when people get upset that quizmo just gives you star pieces. they WANT to do the quizzes ??
We have the occasional pulse stone ASMR pulses this seed Kappa
oh wow so you can find partners out in the wild as well?
@AudioBlood Sounds like some real characters.
are you automatically given speedy spin
Gross, the quizzes are awful to watch though.
at least that makes SOME sense lol
same with the enemy hp badge, since chapter difficulties are randomized
@audioblood are they even suggesting like have Quizmo give items or just plain demanding quizzes?
wait so you can also throw out any item at any time?
was that in the OG game?
I did know about peekaboo. constant speed is helpful
There are also some joke settings which no one takes seriously that much. Like starting with no boots so you can't jump at the start.
I feel like it's a glitch, same as Parakarry clipping up the stairs in Tubba's Castle, but what do I know
Not knowing enemy HP was something I didn't like about SMRPG and Paper Mario. At least this game had Peekaboo though.
@MarioManTAW it is a glitch, nobody says it isn't. it's just very easy and doesn't save much time anyways
I remember using hammer throw as a kid to deal with the bats. It hyped up the badge so much for me ever since
SSS is totally not a glitch dont worry about it
GHE also just clever use of mechanics
ok but punies get a pass cuz fuck punies
There is an argument in both ways towards the banning of glitches. On one had, glitch banning makes the rando races more accessible to casuals, but on the other hand, those people can learn the glitches.
aww you're not gonna hit this block for 3.7 years or something
did they do that for the other things that has that weird stipulation?
Definitely broken when you can just get Laki and say, time to beat 1... and 5...
im the artist formerly known as parakarry
Can almost beat 4, just need 2 whole partners for basically just the boss
@colonelmendosa I saw an episode of the muppets on YouTube with Prince. The opening sketch was him trying to explain his name to the security guard.
I think it was th 90's show since Prince was "the artist formerly known as Prince". It had Kermit and those guys.
there was a muppets show in the 1990s?
I know there were a bunch of disney muppet movies in the 90s
but a show? I dont fully remember
huh so the muppets even got prince
simpsons couldnt even get prince back then
Link is to the episode I referenced. Copy link and watch after this guy beats the seed.
I have to head out now, goodnight everyone!
cause apparently prince was one of those guests they tried to get after that michael jackson episode
Oh shoot, it's late, when did that happen? raysL
Being forced to dip 7 sucks especially palace
I'll probably stick around another 20 minutes or so then I'll need to go to bed
@colonelmendosa I like Prince way more than Michael Jackson. Prince didn't touch kids.
tbh I never even think I heard prince's music in my life back then
even in the 90s I never heard anything by him
Same, I just got into Prince last year
Condition of the Heart is one of my favorite songs by him. I grabbed the albums around the Purple Rain era.
only time I technically heard anything by prince was an old SNL anniversary event I found online a few months ago back in like 1989
like one of his only appearences on SNL
Slowgo is required for this seed.
this seed is opening up quick
Prince was apparently quite finicky about his appearances.
Although he appeared on an episode of New Girl because he liked the show.
That is one cursed Boggie Man sleeping
The NG episode was so strange
Supposedly, they did a scene that was supposed to be at a party he was hosting. The show booked the Cardassians and he was like anybody but them.
oh  so you flat out cant get those partners as intended, you actually HAVE to get them as random drops
They had to unbook them and everything. Sounds awesome. After all, you know what the Cardassians do to their prisoners.
Oops, my mind went to Star Trek.
In a case like this, is it longer to dip 1 or 3?
honestly the only thing I really do know about prince is the whole feud with rick james
@colonelmendosa Funny, considering Chapelle parodied both of them.
when charlie murphy did that recap thing
The key alone is a payoff
But now basically anything can be anywhere
Pobably best case for that fight.
Spin Jump has very well-programmed hitboxes YEP
Which is the Paper Mario Rando discord?
I can just post the link
I usually only see on youtube
you monster, those kids are scared and in trouble
EVIL, DEMON, MONSTER, CAST THIS MAN INTO THE FIRE
well its a randomizer so he could actually just be bowser
oh hey I just noticed, lacky colors!
I hadnt seen that yet, neat!
nooo you fool you have to give that to koopa koot
also isnt that hidden block near monstar a check?
did I just black out how did I not see
cant you beat chapter 2 now though?
or did you clear that out
Seems climbing the mountain paid off
Hard required ultra boots seeds are rare
I thought bad Jank was called spunk? Kappa
sure thats what they all say
Kolorado was was Flavio before they could program a NPC to be with you Kappa
except kolorado is a thief >:O
I just dont get why Kolorado gets so much hate over Flavio? LUL
okay but kolorado go on "archeology" trips to just steal shit from natives
I am a fan of both my boys Kolorado and Flavio phanto274Smile
at least flavio gets a moment or two
let us vote in a poll
chapter 1 or 2 vote now
Isnt that vanilla dodge master placement in the shop too?
I'm in the ruins, please save me :(
so how we feeling about this seed?
oh did you make chili with the ghost pepper?
mk let me know how it is haha
with one of them hot peppers xD
yo iceblue just got the easy free 1.9 second time save
the parakarry jump in ruins first try LUL
good luck gamer, was able to finish seed 3
also fuck that, I never found last stand
I was still able to peril manip huff, crystal king, jr, and final bowser phanto274Mash
There aint no way im being dragged back into park NotLikeThis
ik haha im not doing any runs until I get this snorlax shit figured out
and it probably wont get figured out for my own sake
love the non vanilla ch6 trade quest
Goombaria? That kiss would make me shiver too phanto274Smile
nice water stone for crystal berry for dolly for Tubba Key for go mode
I like your Tubba castle routing you were doing earlier searching the items
going right first, breaking the floor then tracking back
alright, wot's the plan for Bowser?
damn, that's a nice bow color
why are you so good at menu'ing
That Smooch from Elderstar was phanto274Shrug
Maybe even triple dip would have been useful Kappa
there's a 7 in the name, so I time him out for 7 seconds
THE BAJA BLAST HOT SAUCE IS REAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL!!!!!!
@Ohrocks what am I looking at
it's going to be amazing! :)
I'll probably die but I mean, it's Baja Blast, and as an enthusiast I must have it.
Good, classes started today for me so Ive been out and about all day. How are you?
why do u let ohrocks post links Kappa LUL
Im making a remix of crystal kings theme would you like to listen to it when I finish
Yoo, live your background settup Phantom :D
can I ask if I can ask you a question?
@RavenFP the cold steel anime 1st ep dub is coming out tomorrow
@RavenFP rean have the same va as the game
put that sucka into cardiac arrest
when does the heart typically run off to tubba again?
driving rn, so responses are not my priority
leave it in for bloopers LUL
This new terry combo is killing me
I have to micro dash dp super
I think vanilla HP is 9 or 10 yep
does a higher scaled 4 make it harder to stun with watt?
I'll probably watch this video later, I want to get better at playing rando
lp recommendation: laki or parakarry to skip it /jk
2 if 6 or 7 scale
would you want to manip peril/danger before that fight or use the bulbs if you have the badges?
Ok it's really late where I am rn, I need some sleep
I could not do the shortcut for dp super because there was too little time with the microdash
raw 623 21441236 is a pain in the ass
When are you gonna do my seed :)
I just realized the level up music is a remix of the world 1 map from SMB3
going into practice and just blocking his attaks for an hour is a good plan
step 2 he will take jump and force you to switch to laki and cloud 9
are you oing to show the gless fight?
also I finally saw that bombette for ch5 thread and... ok lol
strats, more like look the same too me
always has been, just power bounce, while Peril bro
kammy should be the secret boss tbh
wait u have 5 hp nvm
Home from school what I miss
I did that terry route off a ch jcd
Also I wasnt here long enough to see if you read what I said before lolol
Im remix crystal king's theme, would you like to listen to it when I finish
I saw cool strive art when I woke up and then twitter moved my timeline around as I tried to like it and I still haven't found it again
Final boss with Tubba's catle song
Couldn't you have just attacked with bow?
smh not doing the untimed watt for swag
change as mario then use watt
waste a turn burn a life shroom then use watt :tf:
I have never seen that fight that was cool
I was wondering why u had fire shield on
I don't remember 64 but I remember ttyd being mega horny
Phantom the gdq runner told me that if bowser was below 75 he'd heal
I have never seen u use fire shield on bowser
was it the 3rd seed of the night
I am in physical pain its not my fault
My head is ki8lling me LMAO
I mean there's nothing in there anyway
I was about to say that
oh man I love randomizers, brings a fresh stock of steve
PGBot edges closer to being a real boi
oh man I love randomizers, brings a fresh stock of steve
Can we get a quote on that?
I'm still mad that jr skip didn't let me actually grab the item in the bush last night
living up to the "Rip" this seed, I see
Almost everything on screen is purple
Vanilla should've had Bootler scare you if you sleep at a toad house (or Mario's) after his invitation
Can actually do the Kooper check for once
can't hear this song w/o thinking of the pape trailer they did for Switch Online
Bombette would make Fortress more worthwile
just the one seed tonight or should I plan dinner for the second seed? :P
better, made it home from a vacation that did not go according to plan :)
@abootoo good or bad deviation from the plan?
bad. was skiing with a friend but he ended up in the hospital. thankfully a broken arm, nothing worse
also he dislocated his hip, so we had to have him evacuated from the mountain
they fixed that at the hospital
I mean, Kooper start is always gonna be a little sus
I didnt get much skiing done this week, so i'm going tomorrow :)
And depending on what you're counting, there are 3 checks past Kooper bridge with 0 keys
hope the streams have been good in the mean time :D
not gonna lie I like the new emotes phanto274D
So I guess you decided to do 3 first bc you had Portrait?
wow, boots where boots should be? was that not shuffled?
1 vs 3 w/ Kooper and Portrait, a little awkward decision
oh. I should have read. my bad
reading's overrated. signed, a dyslectic mf'er
Fortress first would have been optimal, yeah, especially if you're considering spheres
Fortress sphere 0 but Bow/gulch sphere 1
I was a bit surprised when you just bought Warehouse Key right away
Man, I love this game but I would get so confused playing randomized I feel lol
I just tuned in, do you have to use glitches to get around without story items?
This honestly just seems like 100%ers playground
Since you need to know where like every secret is typically
Despite there being several hundred checks, it's pretty easy to memorize them with how dense they are
That's fair. What would you recommend to someone starting to do Rando/rando races?
I am interested in giving it a shot
Is there an easy way to get access to that list on under you? Sorry for all the questions
How do you skip Mayors wife?
Or at least mine did lol
I tried to send jibca a fun clip and then it said fuck you
its not cheating, it makes trying to go fast a nightmare beause you don't get powerful often
if you're not a speedrunner or start at level 16 (??????) its fine tho
I tried it once, I ouldn't beat final
That's cause you played it wrong
you're supposed to start at level 15
I made a modified version with different badges and tried it with one of the 4-spirit seeds
Oh wow you can have hidden items shown to help and everything. I love this
starting at level 16 is pretty cringe I don't want alot of hp
the level 16 only has 10hp
it's interesting that ch 5 only has one required item
I didn't end up finishing bc I wasted a bunch of time not knowing the settings and had to beat multiple non-required chapters
ah good point. partners aside, jade raven being the only item is interesting
then you have h7 that needs like 22 items/partners
This one had Boo's Portrait locked behind 4 chapters, Miracle Water in Tubba's Castle, and both 3 and 6 in the required chapters
After beating 3 chapters and Rowf didn't have it, I just gave up
my only issue with low star spirit seeds is that you have to get exp somewhere
actually iirc jcog was startin at level 3 too
There are a few solutions, scale ch8 down, start at higher level, increase XP gained...
It means you don't have to wait for Danger if you get the badges
I should do one of the practice seeds for the league so I et seeded correctly, but time is so hard to come by at this moment
y arnt u at Genesis Fam
Melee brainrot killing a company is pretty bad
Don't worry phantom we can grind xrd and kof when I get up there
Your team would be top tier rn in kof lol
I used to want to compete, kinda over it at this point. Still want to go to Smash Con at some point though, eve if only once
Smash con is a good time
They have a lotta stuff there
fire flower is 3 damage Kappa
Catch me competing in Smash 4
u going to Sakura con at least
fun fact, I only learned last week you can auto throw with laki pressing A
I learned at the start of rando you could do it lol
How does a community get 15 people fired?
Cause they tried to become sole runners of Smash Tournaments with the backing of Nintendo
im suprise VGBC is still going
They really tried to bully everyone else out
Over what, did they run out of dip?
There was no proof of strongarming lol
But also the whole org got blamed for things that no one knew about
how smash has fresh drama after 15 years is a mystery to me
Sad though man. Sucks to see so many people effected by a few people trying to do a good thing the wrong way
@AudioBlood because the community is full of people who haven't grown up
Really want nintendo to just start shutting unlicensed things down now to make them suck it
Every single major FG has licensed tournaments as the majors
Smash is the only one without that
u think vgbc is still gonna keep going cuz they lost alot  of money
I'm glad the pape community just quickly and decisively deals with drama
They couldn't pay out their prize pot they're fine lol
Ludwig sucked gimr's dick so he's fine
I mean, NOA has "sponsored" a lot of tournaments
Small communities are obviously simpler, but yeah
NoA licensed everything panda got in touch with last year lol
that junior had a lot of hp for you lol
Yeah, I've heard smash announcers say wild stuff and that alone is a no no for nintendo
Worst event I've gone to fucking easily
so it was much ado about nothing, that involved into baseless allegations, that caused a compnay to have to shut down
Jack shit to do there, 0 security, staff was ass
He cheaped out on the venue he didn't buy the whole room he bought a corner lol
I genuinely walked into day 3 of smashcon without my badge because I forgot it lol
None of the staff at doubledown practiced any covid safety
every con i've been to in the last year has had good security and good covid precaustions. and I will not go to any con without those for the foreseeable future
Fuck that shit. Should always be considerate.
Gimr cuts costs everywhere he can
And a 2 dollar pack of masks is too much
Jebaily directly kicked people out of ceo for not wearing a mask
He was patrolling that shit lol
I don't even remember the last time I wear a mask
I really wanna go to a ceo but I refuse to go to daytona
Jebaily and rick are like the ideal runners
Curious, are people still masked everywhere where you are? No one wears them here unless they're sick lol
sad I wont see u anymore
That's what my area is in Canada as well. Employees masked, but nearly no one else is
it's like 98/2 around me, the 98 not wearing masks >.<
I wear a mask always, not worth the trouble.
Meanwhile this shopkeeper is wearing a different kind of mask raysL
I only wear 1 if it req I don't go to events tho
I wear masks now while I walk by bus stops. The smokers like to cough as you walk by bentor1SALTY
I dont wear mask anymore unless its enforce or airport
I wont be in sakura con this year its the weekend that ill be in Japan
compromised immune system so I'm delighted to live in a country where everyone wears masks all the time ehehh
One of my neighbors is afraid of catching the vaccine. Nope, not a typo.
@pethanct01 As a man with a KINE degree...wat propokM
If people are playing darts with needles, you have different problems than the vaccine Kappa
also first time catching the entire seed live from the start so this is very exciting
I've been doing extra practice of the boring shit for kof
I've just been sitting here doing 2b 2a with terry on random block and reacting with 3c 41236 BD
But yea the terry buffs are nice I might swap him around with kukri
f4 dp lets him do better routes in the corner that fucking murder people
Did we see the Dark Lord? Is that why its bad?
The inevitable is that we will sadly be pocket  grabbed by Goombario or see him Sadge
Phantom did you ever play dokapon kingdom on wii
They just announced a switch port
I am back, with dinner. More rando please!
Blue key seed? Its what I dream of LUL
They say blue key seeds arr the best
please, let's just have a pile of rocks nearby for you to spit at us.
I didn't know you could destroy those
Kid me knew each rock was a target because he couldnt beat the gulpins otherwise without quake hammer LUL
now remember mailbag can be clutch
Have some 1000 year old mail
does the post office have the potential to be useful?
This seed is a true meme seed LUL
mario went all the way here to collect the mail
This cut scene is so boring, even Mario falls asleep
uhhhh ch7 scaling seems like reason not to, js
Wouldn't it be cool if the item was just... spawned on top of the ice? phanto274Smile
wouldnt it be cool if you already had blue key in your inventory from the start but still be expected to check it in logic? Kappa
wait, what are we getting mad at for no reason? I'm back to distracted by mouth on fire
bahahaha that makes me laugh so much
Now it depends on where red key is at to make this a required blue key
Red Key would have to be vanilla, Frying Pan check, or Green/Red Station for Blue Key to be required
Rip my dreams if frying pan is nothing phanto274Smile
Not required, still could be logically required if Toybox
frying pan logically required for cake does technically make it a blue key seed
Not if you can get Red Key first
It all comes down to where red key is
I think it's just entering that room from the lower floor
Effectively jail fight w/o entrance rando, yeah
I imagine with entrance rando, entering from either lower entrance would lower it
entrance rando doesn't sound appealing to me, if I'm honest. It just sounds like frustration
Interesting that in this game, the koopas that are considered good are the ones that walk off the cliffs.
entrance rando on any rando is sucky
I'll probably do an extreme settings entrance rando when it comes out, but probably just once lol
though it's alright for metroid fusion, since it's just sector shuffle
@MarioManTAW no hammer no jump entrance rando
map randos for Pokemon and pretty fun but I know that there are a lot of really good trackers for them
First version is gonna be only within each dungeon, not so bad
but full entrance rando is gonna be very painful yeah
zelda have a entrance tracker so u don't have to remember I'm sure someone will make 1 for paper mario
within a space sounds even worse
trackers still need to be filled out
it adds to the tediousness of it
If anyone were to make an entrance tracker, I feel like it would be me lol
I bet I could care less than you
entrance rando is anti quality of life
also, if you ever want me to shut up about fusion rando, please tell me
Seems to work for aLttP. Routing entrance random is awkward with cutscenes.
entrance rando on WW is a weird one, but it works cause random caves are abundant
Yeah, I would want those specifically to be either coupled or not start the fight immediately on the loading zone
Random caves are the best part of WW
have you opened the tubes in the tunnels yet?
then you suddenly are fighting tubba heart
I feel like map rando with Paper Mario would have to have save states or it would just be unplayable
and then you die > and play a different game (ftfy)
2 vanilla key items is too many for this seed ig
what's up Phantom. how's the run going?
I was going to say, it'd be a shame if it's a Ruins Key lol
No blue key this time Sadge
ruins key here, then that leads to another tubba key, which leads to diamond stone
Played a small set with jibca with anchor terry
I forgot how fucking cracked burn knuckle is in not smash LOL
That shit is + and it's not hard to react with BW on hit lol
Goombaria pawning off the family mail
Every time I hear someone say save the Yoshis, I think of Goombario LUL
why are the hammer seeds so comon now
Gil gets the hammer seeds a lot LUL
You should bot save yourself. Go for it.
also fuck last check ruins key being go mode
Hey Phantom! Hope you're having a good day, good luck! I'm happy to be here phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
I got 2 encounters on star way, peril from jr into a 2 turn hallway, with leaving my exp at 99. If I didnt get those encounters I wouldnt have gotten peril on final LUL
But not bc you don't have Palace Key for once
midway thru I started feeling under the weather so I wasnt at my best, but I already DNF'd twice so I wanted to finish it
FG's have killed my brain I keep thinking of the arcsys game when you say dnf
You are only allowed to DNF once you have Goombario Kappa
I did like seed 3 cause it forced me to play with last stand
Have you ever wondered what kind of doctor Dr. Pepper is? Well, theyre a, fizzical therapist monadoWheeze
I did a seed yesterday and knocked my pb down by like 45 minutes thanks to your guide, slowly making progress phanto274Hype
oh you already have it LMAO
What was that you just picked up?
I didn't add that one so yea
I only add good ones fresh
Luigi in red is the most beautiful thing I have seen this seed
Remember how ch3 was supposed to have a Ruins Key? I think this is worse lol
I literally finished within a minute of Paperario tonight and I can say I feel accomplished
have any of them been decent?
I dont need more dog shit seeds
So this is the best seed, you say?
gil is no longer allowed to roll seeds lol
Yea, seed 4 was probably my best also
Gil rolls these kind of seeds all the time when he does rando LUL
What a bro! He even healed just to smite you LUL
That 8FP better be worth it Kappa
Now that you mention it forced double dip palace is trash LUL
Somewhere, Goombario is smiling upon your suffering phanto274Smile
Would be nice if go mode is just in Blue Station but not at all likely
2.5 hours, 3 spirits? oof fun seed?
is gil a master seed maker
At least you can FC toybox in one go
God terry's damage is so good now
do you have like 1 useful badge?
Rowf better make this worth the trip
Train, Tubba Key + Pyramid Stone for the clear, reasonably worthwhile trip
So, is best case scenario that the fourth Ruins key is in toy box and blocking Magical Seed?
I think the misery on his face says it all. "I want to go back to Pokemon"
kind of wish he just gave you a list instead of changing the items on display  kappa
Is that something the Discord would consider, or would that hurt the intergrity of the game?
Four vanilla chapters and three strawberry chapters, wow.
Yeah, it's been great to watch.
i'm assuming you're skipping the Super Block on purpose.
GOTTA have Goombario as Ultra Rank.
the only thing to make this better would be a forced goombario somewhere
Goombario was on fuzzies and Watt was on the high block in Koopa village.
Those weren't the worst badges to find.
yeah, that was the "avoid fuzzies because goombario, what are the odds that one check is mandatory?" seed
3 laps through every chapter except 2 that you haven't touched
That berry was quite close to vanilla.
Which 2 chapters have you not touched yet?
Oh man. You should have seen the seed I had last month.
you need some release from this nonsense
so how long intill they add in black pit character check springs so you would need goombario im joking kappa
I had to greatly visit EVERY dungeon and chapter before finally finishing the first one, which was the Volcano.
I think I remember telling you about that one a couple weeks ago.
It would be silly to force Goombario to be required.
Oh, you didn't randomize their rewards. Gotcha.
He's a pioneer of async seeds.
By any chance, do you know why that first block is only a Stone Block? I mean, you can't get here until most of Chapter 6 is done. How did they think you could get here with just the Super Hammer?
He's like the first man on the moon, except async Paper Mario seeds rolled by a madman.
No, bot, this was not a Watt start
@MarioManTAW Thought that was her nose until yesterday
have they ever added false overworld items where they are different items when you pick them up. Kappa
I'm just about done with creating a Pape Rando challenge run. I had a serious IRL setback today, so it'll have to be postponed a month or two.
Did they change the gem color on her wand too?
Wait, how did you manually throw away items you didn't want like that?
I didn't know about that one.
bro I need to just hide the suggestions channel I think
Time for the fat fuck moment.
How about, even worse. Water Stone - Ruins Key - Kooper Shell - Seed
Now I'm just remembering the seed with a long chain of turn-ins ending in Goombario raysL
I don't even remember the context, it might have just been one JCog played
Have you kept track of your exact number?
That makes sense, avoids doing the same seeds, right?
You chose Watt because it's a battle in the dark, and you confused it with Fuzzipede. That, or just unconsciously remembering this is where you recruit her in vanilla.
Makes sense why you had all that HP. One BP is broken.
@pethanct01 Wrong. It's my wireless controller that's broken. Discovered yesterday that the stupid thing won't charge anymore.
@pethanct01 Sucks. Thank god for retro stores.
I love how when you knock the bottom guys out of the Shy Stacks, they turn into their vanilla red colors.
Kinda wish the Badges menu had the same thing as how you can throw items away manually.
What's behind the 4th Ruins door?
Might as well have someone spoil it.
I was about to ask which you'd do first between Water Stone/4th Ruins Key
Now I'm even more curious as to what's behind Ruins door 4.
Forgot you left stuff behind in 6
Hope the stream is going well
How much do I have to redeem for a DK64 item rando?!
I wonder how that would feel.
Eating your own heart like that.
If Paper Mario Rando takes hours, DK 64 Rando might take DAYS
Imagine collecting over 300 randomized items in a game !?
How many Boos came out of his mouth just now?
@ThreeWeenies I always do 100%, so I tend to do twice that each time.
Technically Pape rando has like 400 checks with race settings
So it's actually possible to DK64 rando in a few hours with race settings?
Was Goombario ever found? Just curious.
dk64 rando is like 2 and a half hours
I know cause I play it lol
"Tell the community. You're doing risky ending and you can lose a race"
dk64 rando has so many quality of life improvements over the base game that its not unbearable
Why is Power Quake on for Huff N Puff?
Actually there are 3,821 items in DK 64 Rando
and it's still not long rofl
I'm not touching banana fairies randomized
@Nekonayzz Keep your eyes PEELED for those.
about to be free from this seed
Even if your AOE is trash
Especially if they don't grab Bow out of logic
Were you Aye or Nay with my suggestion regarding restoring the Magikoopa fight on Shooting Star Road's bridge?
Hurry your slow ass up, Parakarry...
That's what most other people are saying. They are unopinionated on it.
Why can't the Star Ship just fly Mario to Peach's Castle? Stupid ship.
4 wouldn't have done it either.
Go in the previous room and get an upgrade that way.
It wouldn't have been a level anyway
Oh, is there? I didn't know that
You'd have been at 97. Sorry.
Had to follow you through the whole game for hat shell
Sub 3:30 is better than expected.
If only there were no cutscenes phanto274Smile
These cutscenes are important. Can't skip them. If you do, someone gets an electroshock to their, um, pinky toe?
I mean, why not at least make Twink's FIRST attack be 10?
Or not have it and start with Peach Beam.
Should stand tall consider the other seeds sucked.
The sound effects used for when you collect the Star Rod needs to be mixed in with other collection sounds when Music Rando releases.
if I deleted raid after reaching lv 12 would it not count
well greatfish swim also relies on RNG
also your mic is pretty low
but yeah now greatfish swim saves less time and now there's a much better alternative so it's now harder to justify going for it than before
I actually found a faster way to get in the boat that skips wind's requiem, but it's still pretty slow
it involves voiding out after entering beedle at windfall
but you sent a swear to me on Twitter and my mom saw, so no shuckle in color
should've thought about sending swears on a social media platform
it'll happen still, just drawing Elegard first then I'll prosNeed to color shuckle of your choosing
I had to fight doortsop the other day lol
"please look down at the gamepad!"
still working on the RF5 speedrun behind the scenes?
but now I must peepoPacePalLeave cause I need to shower and head for the dry cleaners and clean my hat
it's wrong not having a hat on
I also can't leave without my watch that doesn't work anymore, since I got adjusted to the weight of it
I do want to commission trumbo with a trainer oc but I want to design how "I'd" look before I do send it
you did want a fresh start as well
yeah I could do Jackbox when I come back
I'll be lurking as I take care of what needs to be done and try to Speedrun back home
if u see goombario on fuzzies again don't skip him LUL
Nothing happening at genesis so Im just vibing
Weight in 3 = 5 clear YEP
3 more checks and one of them basically has to be something, right?
What if this was another Blooper required for third letter seed
Not the right kind of key item
if blooper actually have a 3rd letter that will be gross
If Blooper has 3rd letter, that's a certified Gil moment
Okay you got to save a couple steps lol
At least with Laki you don't need FP
something about the Wario color w/ Super Boots is just, correct
also, hullo chat, Phantom and YouTube
Can't say I've seen you do this before tbh
That sure is a Laki color
YOU ARE NOT IMMUNE TO GREEN LAKI
It might be supposed to be based on the original Lakitu sprite from SMB but it's p ugly
That's the only explanation I can come up with to justify this lol
So this is where Rowf got his stash, huh
Is it me or does it seem like ch5 is usually one of if not the first chapter you clear.
With race settings for sure, full gear shuffle and glitched logic can change it up
Damn. How could this happen again with Laki? Poor guy must be tired of Being killed and brought back again Sadge
I found out the dark truth about all these seeds LUL
@Trevbonk Is it that htere is no such thing as a "good seee\d"
I can explain more after you finish Kappa
@pethanct01 more like, dont let Gil roll you a seed or have him send you a seed he did LUL
Honestly what a week. Tg its thrnweeekend
petition to slap whomever at IntSys who keeps promoting child Tiki > adult Tiki
Adult Tiki's just better all around
I hear they cut a lot of the social nonsense from 3H, which was my biggest complaint with 3H
but the character designs and the story being meh is kinda are major turn off
N64 chugs a bit when that happens
"allies of all ages" TELL ANYONE BELOW THE AGE OF 21 TO STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM MY ROOM
bro I opened your stream and you were in the same room as I was lmao
@mx_four Laki died sadly and was resurrected
@mx_four either that or he is a leprechaun
I think laki a little sick
How much was wacka bump in the shop
someone should get him a bucket or trash can or something
seeing that fried egg made me WAY hungry than it should've
He already has his pot of gold nearby Kappa
im finally getting the hang of double clippy
tbh, I've a buncha games I haven't beat yet, so I can definitely chill on getting Engage
not that I'm very motivated to get Engage in the first place
@nekonayzz Goombario is where he belongs drowning at the bottom of the frozen lake
i'm working on the visual cues but it's so unforgiving
you can die to 1 first strike
Too bad this guy and his wife aren't at the bottom of that lake instead of Goombario.
@nekonayzz cuz some of us have VERY mixed feelings about it
I'm so mixed about the game
literally the designs are stopping me from playing
time out only saves abt a minute
other than that, it looks like a classic fire emblem
yeah they're not adding that back
tell me it doesn't do the Fates penalties
you still get super units regardless because of the Emblem rings
I couldn't stand the penalties making everything but iron weapons dogshit
I don't remember the penalties in Fates too much
Right when it doesn't matter yEP
because I lacked feelings for it
Steel weapons gave you a -3 speed penalty for using them
I hear engage is great gameplay, shit story
I mean all the fe stories are nonexistent
fire emblem games looks really good I just cant stand the battle system
I enjoyed 3h but not enough to make up for fates. im very meh on buying another one
I just bought the persona 3+4 bundle instead lol
Nah, Steel weapons always gave you the -3,regardless of rank cuz it was the tradeoff for no durability
You know I felt okay with Awakening
they will never live up to tellius again at this rate
I just left him basic lol
yeah I dont care for that much either
he acted like any other tactican in the fe games
meanwhile the gc/wii games are GigaChad as fuck
Corrin was worse cuz why would you have a custom/insert who has established family, both adoptive and biological
you were the tactician in GBA games
Fates was garbage story telling and nothing was going to save it
true, but Mark was kinda just there and didn't impact the story much
yea I somehow got convinced to join the tournament so i'm not last minute scrambling xkilioComfy
I'm not taking my words back
I really liked the first english FE when I played it on vc
but 7 lost me too lol
this is my story and im sticking to it
Because the weather was absolutely stupid
and Sacred Stones removed it like they should had
Constitution turned me off FE7 cuz a lot of characters I liked using were trash solely cuz they couldn't use the good shit without massive penalties
and gave you a proper understanding on everything
one thing I have a great track record with glitches right?
Yeah most of the characters in 7 were shit
Then you go into Path of Radiance and Titania solo the map
vip can adds quotes? I didn't know that
but idk maybe I'll buy Engage
I still gotta playthrough Nier Automata
I brought it to save people the trouble to say it's shit
you have bow at home fright jars
@mx_four mistress robot-o is a pretty good game
you were playing it for 2booty anyway
I just had a beef sandwich
THAT was a PRO PAPE move, Y'ALL
debating a chicken sammich and a shake
I enjoy action rpgs mostly the tales of series
GL! Very excited for the races
That's the end of the Koopa Bros.
I'm not sure whether to sign up for the league or not
The people who made this mod are geniuses
That's the problem, I'm not sure I'll have the time papeHands
I suppose, I just have a hard time getting 5 hours uninterrupted
So even doing practice is rough if I'm not allowed to stop
I see laki got turned into a plant
I consider this seed a win. Goombario is where he belongs and we dont have to worry about him Plaguing us.
In the frozen lake, right?! Lol
I have my suspicions that Parakarry is cheating on you behind your back delivering Goombarios mail Kappa
Is Power Bounce with Repel normally that hard to see?
Don't know if Turbo Charge makes a difference
Looked like first Blooper was the hardest
Wait all 3 Bloopers were required to get here Deadge
Ive been playin ttyd some more and I have a question
Why does mario get kissed so many times in these games
Because its to encourage Mario while hauling the Dark Lord with him.
or better yet, Mario gets the kisses because he gets mistaken for red Luigi LUL
I've been listening to this stream a long time. what was in prologue that was necessary
the context was that all three blooper fights were necessary to get to prologue
If Parakarry is in this chapter, Bloopers were required for Desert access
thanks @kohotli that's what I heard but hadn't seen
Could Parakarry be in crystal palace or is that not logically possible?
Parakarry can't be in an Ultra Boots block and that's about it
It's the first rice! I always enjoy watching your broadcasts! I'm Japanese, but I'm doing my best to improve my English listening skills!
If Parakarry isn't above the clouds or past snowmen, Super Blooper was not in fact required
Weird if the Stone Block Blooper was optional
I like to think that whenever you encounter blooper, it just screams "BLOOPER!!!!!".
The sound effect is it screaming its name.
Strange way to ambush someone though, right. Just screaming what you are before attacking. That's be like someone screaming "HUMAN!!!!" to start a fight.
sometimes cloud nine is the best move in the game
All according to plan. Accidentally cloud 9 for the peril Kappa
is 7 scaled Ch3 going to be painful? I don't know what the heart fight will look like
Shrink stomp makes the heart a joke
Now where in the world is the Boo Portrait?
Used Yellow Berry in Desert, logically Mansion shop
It wouldn't have been so bad if you had come through the other way
Imagine if artifact is a ruins Key now that would be annoying
The letter giving makes the game more authentic.
Pretty sure you can choose not to deliver the letter, not sure if it's faster though
The problem is that it wastes time no matter what. Best to skip it all together.
Is basically all you can do optional bosses atm?
I just got back where was parakarry?
Wait, that means 2nd half toybox is also behind Boo Portrait
This pretty much has to be something, right?
It can only be Boo Portrait or Scarf
There is one other thing storeroom key
So phantom are you gonna buy fire emblem after what you saw today :)
Guess it was in 6 all along... forgot you skipped checks there
Well who wouldnt skip slow checks? LUL
@RavenFP my is running out like 2 days left of this emote jokehoDrink
Honestly, I would skip talking to Goombario every seed and just laughs when I got punished for it LUL
I see immense disappointment in your face Phantom. Everything ok?
Always the last place you look
Skip talking to Goombario is something no one would dare to skip Kappa
well I would have soooo XD
This is getting out of hand, now there are TWO of him!
Its about learning how to take a reasonable risk depending on the check and seed
Laki, your girlfriend has been colors than you
I'm just trying to get less than 30 minutes behind the typical top 3
Did you get the bush that has the hammer in prologue?
Not a check with these settings
It can be with gear shuffle
That only leaves one check left.
I wasn't here the seed so rip
I know what it is, maybe you can remember
damn I was afk for awhile I have no idea what u miss
I didn't seen that had no idea that was there
And at this point record will give scarf
Gil is not allowed to roll seeds
I just got back and what happened?
#Gil is not allowed to roll seeds LUL
in a sense your risks were correct but that one check with record was terrible
the best part about the seeds Phantom? Gil rolled and actually did all these seeds before posting them LUL
@Trevbonk I thought he didn't. That makes more sense. He wanted to torture everyone.
took a call, what happened with the prior seed?
@pethanct01 Shh. It only adds more emphasis that no one should let him roll seeds Kappa
Let me clean my ears out. I thought I just heard you say you bought a fright jar?
Interesting, it scarred him for life.
whoa whoa this ain't the fire emblem engage.  cmon phantom smh
he's better off dead in the volcano
why are these seeds like this
These are as bad as the one I sent you the other day
And that was a gearless seed
phantom you forgot what you went there for
you forgot the best partner go back and get him
Let Goombario fry in the desert
I am too lazy to install 7tv or whatever the website is
@blacktiger51 Is that so? Well, in that case,  el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
omg that a 7tv emote I just realize
was actually playing bn6 last night, lol
which is GROSS af, why'd Capcom let us have shit like that in 6
Imagine being convinced to join and BN6 tourney as well Kappa
Hey Phantom! Good luck on the seed, hope your day has been good phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Bless
hey I can see the emotes now
Terraj was signed up because he was in the channel while I was setting the event up
He's doing FM stuff for that tournament
It would be a pretty cool idea
That one is part of Open Mode, and being combined with multiple games?
phantomgamesbot is beginning to scare me
BN3 does have a postgame open world-ish rando? But obviously I think main game key item rando would be cooler
having to remember where every random/hidden jack-in port is for rando sounds awful
Thats the fun of it :)
Why are there no hints in this rando?
what is BN6? I'm sorry for the dumb question
Technically there is a hint system, not sure how well it compares to other randos
but if I get a gross seed and want to give it to you I want the hints off
Nice vanilla Ruins Key, makes this dip a lot more worth
Breaking lurk to entice you with more Pokemon propokWW
The runs are usually 2 hours.
Catch me dropping this game if SPM rando comes out
I love solving this vanilla puzzle. good thing this is the vanilla behavior
I'm also looking forward to Mario Odyssey rando when that comes out
sorry I won't be antagonistic anymore
You might find aLttP interesting as well.
alttpr is easy to learn NMG
the big thing with oot rando is you have to turn a decent number of settings on or it's very vanilla
Both of the zeldas have multiworld as well. OoT, they cut out the cutscenes and the gossip stones provide hints.
paper mario multiworld will be cool if it come out
I should fuck with Aria of Sorrow rando
I know oot and mm very well if u ever want to do 1 of them I can help with checks if u get stuck
MM rando is super hard if you don't know the game
the camera in mm fucks me up something fierce
rando for mm is cool since it not a 20 min intro
some of the side quests are ass to remember
only if you don't know to click the bomber's notebook
click that and the game literally tells you the times and most places
the 3ds version fix most of the issues I have with it but you know 3ds
the best thing about oot is that you have basically infinite options
just get it the next cycle? that's a weird spot to just give up
that said the time was a weird experiment and im not convinced the game was better for it
If you like platformers, I really would recommend looking at DK64 rando. They put in so many QoL improvements and the randos can be pretty short. 2 hours or less. @haff has been doing some.
mm is only good when you know the game the time limit doesn't exist but if you new then the time limit is fucking ass
I didn't play at all until 3D All-stars YEP
I don't like mario 64 that much I did get 120 stars a lot but if I go back and try now yeah nope
I think what is good about the randos is that they breathe new life into old classics.
Kinda same but my first console was the Wii lol
SNES is the GOAT of consoles
Hai hai. For me, it was OoT, Diddy Kong Racing, Pokemon Stadium 1 & 2, and Command and Conquer 64.
I had access to a Genesis and SNES cuz of my uncles, so I had best of both worlds growing up
I was most into my Game Boy growing up
I had a snes and n64 most of my childhood the snes was just there and for 64 I didn't have alot of games maybe 7 or 8
I think SMW and SMRPG are fine, haven't played much of that library though
I first played it on Wii VC and it was my first RPG LUL
honestly, that makes more sense in the long run
I haven't play much of smrpg I had mario world dkc 1 2 and 3 and zelda all I can remember
I got BN3 Blue cuz they didn't have Sonic Advance 2, and I refused to go home empty handed
sometimes you have to intervene when one sibling steals the other's toy
then I realize BN3 was awesome
BN3 was amazing and I can't wait for the Legacy Collection
We enjoy a bit of seed variety
The worse the seed is to play, the better it is for content, that's just how it works
I always got the new zelda game as a kid
Well, there's 2 more chapters you can beat
Link to the Past for me
I couldn't really get into Zelda games until BotW and even that's super removed from like every other Zelda
I don't remember if mine was alttp or oot
OoT was fun, I tried it once to see if I might like doing rando, but it's just a bit too dated for me I think. If I do a zelda rando it'll probably be ALttP
oh yeah that thing is so obnoxious
just gotta always hold the sword out and hold toward the middle. but nobody knew that as a kid
yup took me awhile as a kid
I gather I'm one of the younger members of this chat...
*old man voice* damn kids wont stay off my lawn
I'm only twee and a half years old!
@MarioManTAW all I know is I am not the oldest phantom is older then me
my birthday was on the 18th
22 is zoomer numbers here apparently
I don't have an old man bidoof yet
you darn kids get off my property
yes because that means you were born in the 2000s
@MarioManTAW someone is still younger then you
I imagine most of the people watching a Pape rando stream would be the people old enough to have played it originally
next year I will be the big 30 oh god
Makes sense, tbh idk why I even am here LUL
I did play this game on Wii U VC YEP
I'll be another year older in 5 days KEKW
to be real tho, this game came out when I was in grade 2
so that makes me... 30? oh god
Pink lanturn ghost I will not comment LUL
I'm... not quite younger than the game lol
Everyone is link on the inside
I was 9 I think when pape came out
my birthday is in May too blacktiger phanto274BLANKIES
aug 11 2000 in japan, feb 5 2001 in america
I would say robo ky but he's not in xrd
Did any of your VODs get demonetized after the change in YouTube TOS
I can make a bunch of bots to sub if you desire
what did I miss just got back
you missed the part where he kicked tutankoopa's ass
I got to snuggle with my cat, bob
Would you be going into Book of Mario blind?
ok I wont spoil anything :)
I just know yoshi says the n word in ttyd
dont have Yoshi out when you enter the shadow queen room
Its almost like having choices is a good thing Kappa
I cant shake the feeling that Sushie is in crystal palace
Pure pain and misery Sushie go mode
Imagine being in autopilot like a bot. Goombotio Kappa
He is trying to tell you he is Canadian
If blue key is required then Sushie cant be in palace if red key is somewhere
Time to pick up my sexy blue friend in the lake Kappa
5 items for go mode? Most likely in 5 or 7
Does that adventure involve shaking down the Yoshi kids for what they got and then leaving them?
A rare seed that hopefully required blue key
When are we going to get progressive scaling for races?
@blacktiger51 glad to see another blue key fan
@Trevbonk last seed I gave to phantom I made sure it was a blue key seed LUL
@blacktiger51 you are amazing. I love it LUL
how we doing this time around
Can we all come to a consensus that Gill rolls terribly cursed seeds?
I remember Desert being super early, the rest is a little fuzzy
I don't remember much also playing genshin as I am watching
We had some nice conversations in Toybox raysQ
yeah I love it you play too?@Nekonayzz
Late Sushie for late 7 scaled pirhana LUL
My SSN does a very good job I'll have you know
Is it 69420? We already know Kappa
@Nekonayzz you have the kokomi pic right
Looking at Twitter? Always a mistake, regardless of context
I hate how true that is
I too, was distracted by that
@Nekonayzz how much money did you spend on genshin  your showcase is pretty good
I spend a lot too don't worry lmao
I buy just welkin now I have bought the big pack 2 times
I have bought the big pack...
so you spend a little more then me lol
I welkin and battle pass sometimes
last time I bought the big pack cuz the game said fuck you no staff of homa for you and I said oh yeah you think
oh wait I shouldn't have Kokomi
so I gave you the wrong ID nice
@Nekonayzz who did I add then lmao
@Nekonayzz that id name is kokomifan
sometimes mobile copy/paste ass, I just searched the wrong screenie
@Nekonayzz that one is you id was nix
shouldn't look like a whale account LOL
nah you have 3 5 stars weapons in your showcase the other guy had like 7
weapons are for those I really care about
I only wish on the weapons' I really want I got all but 1 I want no Amos bow
I still have fun with him tho
Blue is a popular Koopa color this seed, huh
@Nekonayzz look at my yoimiya when u accept  my friend request
Logically required ultra boots to clear 4 for frying pan was a treat to see for a required dip of mountain
Imagine breaking logic and not being punished Kappa
your Yoi has the bless luck @blacktiger51
only if vip could make predictions
I'm still in the grind for decent artifacts for Itto and Xiao
one day vips can do things
@Nekonayzz yeah I got really lucky with her her and her weapons in 90 pulls 0 pity
@blacktiger51 I'm playing jackbox with him rn
oh I was about to say lool
Nope he is still here LUL
will we ever find last Stand? to the conclusion
I did it like 2 minutes lol
I'm playing jackbox I can't manage this shit
imagine the star stone being last stand
you was but raven did it
I have that for 2 more days I think
ohh xp or is this faster
Could maybe be fast if lower scaled? idk
Idk if I even get her in the new route
Enu made a route without the movement exploit
I'm looking at the 7tv emotes and there alot I haven't seen
I need to look at that for real
Most of your checks left are in 6, right?
Yellow Berry path, Laki, moles, Rosie
EZ all in 4k --> 21k
I lost 5k but its fine
I won 144k on a prediction once
You have come too far to DNF over miracle water
I never beat anti guy as a kid
@thetrueclaw @str9ngest9r those emotes are great LUL
seed did not go as planned
planning a visit to Gil like bawkGun
its got electrolytes, what plants crave
Raven is on top his game LUL
bawkBruh Raven let us say it once
WeHateGoombario < Raven won't delete this
At least he's in a shop and not the icy lake this time
wait u had it the whole time
Nah mods showing chat some love when it craves attention
bawkNotes so 20 mins was dead
does using watt crash the game? why change to laki?
Why'd you spell it like you're british
Low on damage? Means Mario is a mere mortal Sadge
Goombario is your salvation if you could only charge him Kappa
bowser will simply not wave he is scared of goombario
why'd you say "dont do fire:
Lightning is something you dont see every day
have a good night, thanks for the stream phanto274Jam
Hellooo never seen/played mega man so this shall be interesting
I was gonna play Falzar for the whole tournament but people said it would be disrespectful
we all know miri is winning this tournament tho
he came back to gregar yesterday and PBd by 6m
More like 74% positive thinking bot!!!
yeah gow is dominated by Brazilians
it was super popular here back in the PS2 days
the thing with the FM community tho is that they don't really know other games besides FM 4Head
if I play either BN or pokemon they are gonna ask me to play FM
I think my channel was just not ready for pokemon at that point
I am having some serious Dejavu from when you ran BN6 phanto274GL
when mmbn collection comes out do all the speedrunners plan on consolidating into that category
probably would help with viewership and discoverability
somewhere along the line they also got rid of the general bn3 category
yeah lol but every other games still got seperate games + standard number
bot suggestion: tell it to blame Kilios OpieOP
eh you can run faster than fatkid its fine
he'll have to do a persona speedrun at some point Kappa
I already promised to meet fatkid in losers
yeah if I lose round 1 i'm prob going against smog
if I win and lose to risch I go against symes or existence and they are a lot more seasoned in this game lol
yeah ive uh, never played this game past diveman
so it'll be an interesting experience
thug never played this game period
I can figure something out though i've got time
it'll be a fun match, Kilios
yeah im looking forward to it
I've been trying to grind for LifeSword* these past few days to no luck
I should message him directly instead of using the thread
you can just ping him in the thread I guess
oh yeah I can do that
I have no option other than to message swb directly Jebaited
I just wanna murder viruses/navis as efficiently as possible
when are you doing beastsp again btw?
Just mash out minibomb, it counter hits for free
I fully expect fatkid to die or softlock to something stupid
oh yeah how does sliprun actually work btw
is it just auto run and b press and direction is slip
@xKilios HOMIE, ur in for a RIDE
And then press B to slip in the direction you're holding until you hit a wall
You can go ham with it, but usually you gotta be careful because unnecessary movement still increases your step counter
I think I fucked around with stuff and got Lan slipping
I mean, the count is almost never fast
Not off the top of my head, no
I could probably go find out
Also fun fact, Pink Gorilla didn't have any paper Mario carts in stock
I mentioned it and my discord, and my brother was like "I do still owe you a birthday gift"
the scary part, is that bot mentioned hallway while you were in a hallway
just got back what did I miss
the koopa bros just to get back in proportion to what actually took how much it would be the difference between 100 and 101 just buzzar, kent, and anti guy?
Swords are always sad on HeatMan
if you just play falzar, HeatCross isn't a problem phanto274Shrug phanto274Shrug phanto274Shrug
Our BN6 resources don't have count's lotto code
did you finish all of season zero?
I dont know if ill do anymore, im getting some teeth pulled this week and will be uncomfortable.
I did 1-5 and DNF twice
I have them on my everdrive so I could do them anytime if I really wanted
did 6-10 have any more hammer first?
we need an emote of megaman face planting for every failed run away KEKW
I swear bro, good emote ideas just come to me LUL
Using count vs. HeatCross loses about 3s
Vulcan with beastout is a really good option
Vulcan2 does 180 damage normally if you BeastOut
I saw crayon do that LUL
wait when do you get access to sliprun is it like basically halfway
I'm a mod, but I don't mod
its funny to me game calls it "aqua rum"
I'm doing HP bug now, but not more than HP+400
I made myself angry via remembering that Capcom made Power Stone Collection, then restricted to the PSP, of all systems
I hate when you can't run away despite being able to trash whatever's in your way
my biggest gripe w/ bn6 is, they LOVE taking MegaMan away from you
bn5, it was a scenario. bn6 it happens multiple times.
also, getting to control Protoman/Colonel is cool af
why do the NetOps get new portraits, but not Roll, Glyde and Gutsman
the Hell's ibb & obb ? ?????
bot really told me to speedrun a 2 player game
yeah I think the bot is broken
I have no idea what saber marionette is
imagine the final boss being the easiest part of the run
Is this a new pape PB? Kappa
if Legacy Collection lets you skip the tutorials.....
That'd be a race of who can throw harder then
Its time to do the moonwalk already? Kappa
WhatsHisFace  GenericPartner  BomBet  FlyBoys  SpoopyGhost  BabySun  AuntSusan  2CoolJonathan
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your run! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Mash
But! We love seeing absolute garbage here! Just look at your pape seeds Kappa
my first time seeing this game, but I don't think you want to get hit by the missile things...
I couldn't always sleep until 12 or 1
but I go to bed late
I consider anything before 12:00 PM early, and anything between 11:00 PM and 5:00 AM late
I never really thought of the morning 4-6AM commute before work as morning since its still dark out
streamer, will you trade battle chips with me? Im looking for antinavi Kappa
its weird to me in the collection you cant trade navicust programs
like in 3 you have the exclusive shadow and ground style programs, but you can trade on GBA
what arre yoiu gonna spend them on?
4 more and you can get autorun
imagine gett 4 frags at once in bn5
yeah we need 8 for autorun
what do you think of new pape any%
glitchless does ch8 require ultra hammer?
I mean like an metal blocks or anything like that
imaine playing jpn, talking to her once and going to the undernet KEKW
Oof. I missed it. Guess you'll have to reset.
No genesis watch party.. bruuuh lol
that can wait.. where the genesis at lol
komari said he would forfit LUL
oh man you got the heelys on
I did and finished my 1st paper mario rando tpday
Took me 8 and a half hours LMAO
I did a standard race seed
I wasnt looking for speed I was just looking to win lolol
Beating bowser on the 1st try was pretty cool tho
I didnt know that moves could hit through cloud 9
IDK man I thought it was better out of sight LMAO
The best part was 1 fp Power/turbi shock and mega bomb
cloud9 final bowser looks so scary
I saw M4 lose the coin flip 3 turns in a row
oh my goodness. I have been waiting to catch a live. I found you on yt and love the content you put out.
dont take peach thru bowsers castle this time
I havent been able to make it here
its 1 am I've got school tomorrow
you should prob skip class Kappa
practicing the part you dont think youll get too LUL
imma see how I feel in the morning
is this as easy of it looks?
im currently working on a nsmbw speedrun
I seen jcog yesterday do double clippy that looks awful
I got a capture card like a week ago
I can do paper mario too
nah I just got wii to hdmi adapter
@axl_sr defo will not on this account tho
watching you keep doing this making it looks harder the jump looks pretty tight
Buff00n found art of rika with abs and I haven't recovered
5 for the price of 1 bot?
you can get a sub 6:40 door 2 with 3 and 4 so it's still good timesave
do you grab spin attack for easy dizzy run away?
try one of your other 4 carts lol
glitchless implyd the existance of glitch only
Also am def supposed to be at the venue already but jibcas car just got out of the shop
It was like 3 hours late
DM'ing pete and seeing if I'm like 20m late if I can still get in since I usually have a bye loll
fatkid just got to pavilion comps
what would you think if ttyd got ported to switch on a thurseday
if they port it I hope they fix it KEKW
TTYD is getting a 20th anniversary edition on the switch in 2024 last I read
I mean they did port paper mario 64
id be surprised, paper mario has always had a strict of 1 game every 5 years
Nintendo's last thing they want to do is something with effort
less effort in porting Paper Mario than they put into balancing Splatoon 3
Writing emulator isn't hard see I did it right there
So, what you're saying is that we should turn this into a rando.
This is rando they just finally made it more vanilla like they wanted
They re-added prologue to keep the integrity of the vanilla game :)
gotta help the homies with they RNG
what was so bad about seed 9 that you DNF
its up in the air, honestly I wont finish by the deadline thats for sure
not a glitch, its a trick Kappa
ive never seen elementman change to fire KEKW
hello I enjoy your Glitchless run idk | !discord stream I make emote layout alert fuckshitass for you're stream
ill be lurkin, thanks for playing my fav category
Paper Mario 64's future is a bad game released on November 2012
what Rando sNeeds so to a man
I love that Goombas that wear Spiked Helmets are completely different Goombas.
in book of mario fp+ is called racist
damn typo I meant 233 Kappa
The I dont know in the title makes me think you regret this decision. Is that true? Kappa
Learning some fun stuff about BN6 flags and how they work :)
I've at least found where the flags lie for cutscenes and different required interactions
The sad thing is I'm gonna have to play through basically the whole game and figure out what each of the values mean at different points Sadge
But once you have this knowledge its one step closer to a rando mod
I know BN1 and 2 are roughly similar
Even if I PoC this with 6, and then have to replay through all of the games to setup them, thats fine
True, two minutes is a killer
I just read PoC as person of color. I think its been a long day.
Probably better to do with LC
But hopefully they don't fuck with the internal memory that much LUL
just go back and fail pie jumps LUL
this is the practice run that PBs
Aw man I go to do some chores and miss all 22ish minutes of prologue? Danggg
rando had me expecting you to mega quake lol
Rando had me expecting shooting star LUl
Rando had me expecting Power Bomb
paper mario nice was just playing this
You see mx save that run with 3 cap jr and 3 cap final?
Blatant lying is saying Goombario is great to have around in glitchless Kappa
calling multibounce, ddown pound, and first attack Kappa
I tried to get into speedrunning with WoW leveling but lost my youthful sitzfleisch in the 5 years casually doing it.
He shows up TWO WHOLE TIMES in this run! Can you believe it?
What 2 toppings u get on a pizza?
common one for me is olives and onions if i'm not eating a hawaiian
its weird seeing speedy spin on rugged
we need a glitchless cultural revival
I've had to hold Ls cuz my older brother would want plain cheese when we were growing up
It's weird not seeing Speedy Spin for the first 30 minutes raysQ
@MarioManTAW question: wot's the "TAW" stand for
rowf postcard says, I'll be waiting for you with all my stock 0% off!
Tell the buzzard you're princess peach and try to kiss him
it'll be too awkward for a fight
sometimes I forget that not only did they kill Mario on March 31st 2021, they killed Marth Fire Emblem: Shadow Dragon.
dude was having a moment in the corner
lopez is live. not sure if he's listening
oh shit, youre in trouble now
360chrism is doing ghost only pokemon stadium gym leader castle attempts
gengar got earthquake crit by a snorlax
Google translate on Lan's Dad. He is a hot dad and a leading researcher of PET and navigation in Japan. Recently, he has been in a position not only to conduct research, but also to lead the response to the frequent occurrence of Internet crimes. He's a kind and fun daddy, but he's so busy that he rarely comes home. Cheer100
Mom protects the Hikari family on behalf of her father, who doesn't come home often.... her father you say?
we'll beat Bowser this time, I know it
uh oh he's busting out the DREAM EATER strat for lance
this chat member has a point
cant wait to see mitzi relearn any%
explosion is on my favorite Pokmon
Chrism uses the standalone mupen64plus frontend
GASTLY so bad its usin' night shade as the main filler damage
which he also has for special drops
I mastered Sonic the Hedgehog 3 on them
I vaguely remember that being true idk though
not sure if the trainers are statted
I just hit another 100K phantokens
redeem vip and give it to me
id rather make him run a new game
are you saying I cant redeem vip for my cat
no but it would be hype if she did
omg axl I saw the cutest emotes this morning on twitter, one was a spin and another one was a kiss HurricaneCat
Agatha having a jynx is some BS
is there a list of what games we can make u play?
Ill think of a game I think youd like
gengar one shot crit venusaur with psychic
I wanna find a new one
can I make u play cold steel?
I like the idea of luigis mansion
we're gonna make you learn Half Life speedruns
your interest in BN2 is a 2 KEKW
should do a revisit sometime LUL
oh, I forgot you played it before that
Lance really using a Lapras calling it the "dragon of the sea" I bet
IT'S A FAIR CURRENCY EXCHANGE COUNTER
the hammer is gonna be a trap
how many beepee for power plus?
if only you had a hammer
that so cool I can now make u play a jumpless seed whenever I play rando again and get a nasty seed
i'd like to redeem a pape rando sometime, are their rules for how the seeds can/can't be set up?
what makes sushie dive when im right next to a dock, other day it happened 3 times. I thought I was softlocked
and no glitches phantom cant do
so would that be a glitch in glitchless?
is bombette allowed for hidden beach blocks?
u can just walk up that
360chrism just completed round 2 gym leader castle with only ghost pokemon
I wanted to see you bomb trees
He released the gift squirtle for a gift kabuto
save the yoshis or there's more water to drink
thing I hate about jumpless is forgetting you can jump and continuing to hammer cancel
local gamer picks up a record instead of skipping it
*man pulls out a 4TB storage for backlog
is a no boots rando less painful than glitchless?????
*man pays $400 for a 24 TB NAS*
yeah, time to download all the xbox 360 games
What chance does close call give to dodge?
and speedrun viva pinata for us?
In my run yesterday against bowser I dodged 3 attacks in a row to win lolol
No boots start, I pray for early boots lolol
1 fake ultra stone only 5 more fakes to go
You dont wanna pay 30 star pieces for a coin?
rigby is on seed 5 now
give it up for seed #5
yo yo, gl on this monstrosity lol
Why do yall be putting on the attacks FXs LMAO
when you said why not my mind went to Wynaut
I think the sound effects add a lot to this hammering
you had to start without boots or hammer? whoa
Rowf selling fish now, I see
You can hit saves without boots?
I am guessing you started with parakarry
I believe they said it softlocked when you hit a heart then a save
What the coins do to get locked up
3 keys block 1 coin nice
I missed a lot of the start of the seed, what have you done so far?
doing pit backwards is cursed af
I assume also the first 2 checks in Ruins?
how would u even get the check after this
you need jump to save yoshis for watt pipe
I don't know what check you speak of
I know another check u can do :)
wouldnt watt do more dmg now?
I seen the bridge and you left
I rolled a seed the other day that I'd like to redeem, I just need to get enough points before it expires....
Seeing the people call upon Zeus to strike you down is fucking hilarious
damn any items u can buy
Game really said, you don't want to fight enemies in 7-scaled ch1? LUL
Does Volt Shroom work on Koopas?
thanks god u have checks now
Would this count as early boots?
I think I left the oven on at my new apartment
I only know where 1 is
wait, I know 5 block room LUL
Running a gift shop for the ruins on the side...
doesnt shroom steak sell for like 30?
why does shroom steak sell for less than an ultra shroom?
id assume cause you could always cook it
The gold lil oinks had their drops changed between versions to avoid a "recipe softlock"
In JP they drop Jelly shrooms, other versions Ultra shrooms
It's such a weird item to drop
I probably did a couple pigs and stopped
in vanilla where exactly do you find dried fruit?
so for all recipes do you actually have to make a fire flower? or can you just buy one from shop?
Pokeys drop the Dried Druit, ~1/8
Was just looking what you need Dried Fruit for, apparently you only need 3 if it's JP
In other versions it's just 2
Fire Flower, Thunder Rage, Volt Shroom (JP)
ngl I kinda wish we could leave kolarado in the volcano forever
well they go there for sushie
You just bought a coin for a coin
you can do everything but well?
I feel like Red/Yellow berries should maybe always be in logic, I don't think it's possible to lock yourself out
adam should be on sub 4 pace, 345 at star haven
Blue would need 2 locations or a replenishable but Bubble would always need replenishable
Oh, does it? In that case, Bubble could also be always in logic
Technically the other blue berry has more checks but not punished
Now the other side DEFINITELY has more checks
No way this is faster than Lily?
Never punished, I guess unless Lily has something
not just the cutscenes but also the dialogue beforehand too
just let me put the water stone in without ever talking to her and then immediately leave
but with cutscenes, you can: surf Twitter, run and breaks, take a stretch or two
it's the process of GamesBot becoming a real boy
adam said seed 6 is his last one lol
How much you planning on cheating this run?
"cheating" is such an ugly word
This is what I was referring to, yes LUL
Anti-Gourmet hates cake, don't cha know????
Bow can't be in Tubba's castle, right?
scarf + bucket were both ch5
This is the first time I feel like popping in, but I've watched every Paper Mario vod you have in youtube, and have looked forward to your content every week for the last 5-6 months
I finally made a stream after watching your youtube vods
im so hyoe to finally hop in a stream
if it isn't a race, is it cheating?
same. ill probably stick to the convenience of youtube bmm
*but its nice to see live
I am jealous, as FUCK, about your schedule
You're skipping all these letters, watch Bow be on Parakarry...
I definitely like the idea of popping on e ough to earn enough points to give you a seed
typically I have 2 or 3 streams I follow live at a time. right now there are 13. I need peeps to spread out the stream love.
Can someone request a goombaio only seed (minus required partner uses) lol
For the memes and the fun on your youtube channel 
everyone in this channel needs to band together to get the goombario seed going 
that sounds so much more painful than goombario
if someone gave me 300$ I would do a slow go run too LUL
slow go, no boots, using parakarry and kooper for all jumping, full rando
I got back and CK was already dead
slowly thinking if the worst possible seed imaginable
it can still go on for a long time
does that mean I can redeem a seed and give u a plando Kappa
I can only imagine the hell that could become
that would be badass dude GlitchCat
will I be able to afford it lmao
who needs a plando from heck when I can just roll the seeds?
SOMETHING TO SPEND ALL THESE PHANTOM-BUCKS IN
the last like.  three race seeds i've rolled have just all been so BAD
I was gonna be nice too but now hell no u getting Ture hell NODDERS just want for my plando
more effort than im willing to put in but it sounds fun to watch something of pure terror
I love educational content without numbers
lol I would do that if I wasn't so morbidly curious about some of the speedruns
150 star points in 2 battles
listen I see those ranger sequel speedruns and I think there's NO WAY those are legit
i've not seen the routes, so maybe they are just like that, but those just seem way too long for what those games are lol
never played Rangers, but I've heard good stuff
though ngl i'd also not be mad with colosseum or xd gale of darkness since those were just generally some of my fave pokemon games
i'm down to crush younger me's delight with those games
I sold my copy od xd
RNG manip looks like a pain with Pokemon speedrunning
is this the only seed of the day?
that makes sense, also wow you have dope emotes
Chapter 2 scaling chapter 4 is so nice
I apparently had some left haha I dont normally buy bitties but
I used to back in 2016/2017 but not so much now
either way, i'm still a good ways out from any of those runs (i'm barely over halfway), but I know i'd be p chill with any of the bunch since :'D i'm not actually here to torture you
Was this a terrible seed  so far?
man I remember when you could earn bits by watching ads
same I have an odd 77 bits
id rather sub or gifts subs anyways honestly
it makes the stremaer and chat happy
streamer * typing on mobile hard
my thumb meat just doesnt play nice with smol keys
hahaha   smart. I used a 3rd party gamecube controller when I used to speedrun
all this cheating is raven gonna be mad you cheating in they seed
at least it's not record skip. such an aggravating trick
no its ms paint chain chomp
so dip volcano for boots, then toy box to return to volcano? fuck that
oh shit, lopez is on double clippy
I wonder what game that could be Kappa
Metroid Fusion. that'd be a fun one
I was asking since I thought there might be a possiblity they would just restream it over the weekend
have they even been communicating it? like on twitter and stuff?
2 months ago teambn did a restream of NT TAS, before that was 9 months ago. So its gonna be weird to see all this action from the channel
like start once a month then as you file that in you can get it down to weekly
does bn have enough key items to make a good rando?
imagine doing quiz king to get like teacher's ID
randomizing the cross order would be cool too
tbh I'm just waiting for plando settings to be a thing soon
This looks like a good seed. I imagine its not an async seed.
The async seeds seemed very evil.
I want to look into doing it myself but I'd have to figure out how the seed generator works
I would definitely put something behind required blue key
I have some gross ideas Kappa
I feel like plandos wouldn't be too bad after a point since if you go into it assuming that all the worst checks have big key items + everything will be placed in the most annoying spots, you can kind of.  start predicting it a lil bit.
On paper, I should be able to do it, I'd just need to look and have been lazy LUL
Crap I missed it!! Ugh hopefully it was a good seed!
Was it because you never found goombario? Kappa
rando discord is gonna go nuts when we eventually find matching ninja koopas LUL
I think I have it in me for one more async seed but after that I'm probably done
I agree with you, these seeds have suuuucked XD
I will never complain about another race seed rolled by phantom ever again
Did you see the race seed from yesterday?
I watched a little bit from adam but dont remember a single thing
6-scaled 7 had 3 partners and was the 2nd completable chapter
yea that crystal king was not fun
I also remember danger mario took a while to get
I think it was just Last Stand that was late
It was like 5 chapters in
I think Im doing one or two more
I dont have the patience to do 4 more
who knows I may feel better tomorrow and say, nah I'm determined to finished the rest
If anything, I'm probably not going to stream them anymore
I was install Sonic Generations mods
peepoArrive is this the krusty krab? mralbe2OneHead
legend of zelda: the ridge racer
it is unbelievably funny that you would say that specifically. the reason will be revealed when the sirothcast goes live
I have no role in this. siroth is an independent being
imagine not playing around the crit
could be me 90% of the time
why do garlic parmesan fries slap?
if you like dungeons, breath of the wild has >100
we don't even see chapter 4 dw ohrocks
@Phantom5800 mum says hello. She leaves ur randos on after I play on tv
SO I heard you were bored
Fire Emblem Engage on hardest difficulty is taking too long but I gotta commit
me when north shore doesn't exist
Honestly writing is fine but I'm afraid to say anything on story cuz I know fans are gonna flip opinions a year from now like with Three Houses
Did you ever play the Judgral games?
FE4 is def a must play
I didn't go to work today
I've NOT been in the mood as of late
You gotta stop coming back to it first
Nah you sound ready to get THAT WR HHHYYYYPPPPPPPEEEEEEEEE
I say my sentence aloud sometimes when I type or write and my mind thinks I put the word the already
What's with all the soflocks in this game
What if you got sponsored by the KOF mobile game
There is a private server for Miiverse now
It works for Wii U and 3DS
idk I just know it exists
I need to buy a new 3DS before the prices go up to a ridiculous price
@Ohrocks Get a Japanese one and mod it to
Well actually you could just make it region free
I rlly dont know how to play this lol
I wanna use Baiken but I dont know how to use her lol
Welp lets hope I do something
I got one more match then I gotta help  my mom
Yea idk I like this game but idk I suck at 2d games so like idk
hopefully they fix it b4 frostys
if not I guess I buy another hbox
cause like I want to play other games but in strive I can win
Yea I was good at MK11 and Tekken but idk KOF and GGStrive I just idk cant combo or punish lol
one day tho im still just learning Testament I wanna use them more
I feel like strive trys to be obivous where things are punishable
kof I'm still at the point where I can't confirm if I'm close enough for prox normals
rps around 5k and minion kick
everything is a punish combos are when you punish your opponent for getting hit
oh yeah heres a strive gamer
convice a strive player to not send it
your never negative if u just don't believe in it
the bot still needs to figure out how to construct sentences here
damn, I dig this jack'o color
what does jacko say about the trout population
are all the fish in the gg world just music
where the FE Engage or Forspoken .. brrrruh
dont u have a Ps5 it's better anyways
gg on winning the bn race
just got back from getting my everdrive from the post office
you did, yeah. and yes I do
just gotta load up an SD card lol
Why are you making me hungry
eggs are like 4 bucks for 12 where I live
its would be cheaper for you
just eat spoonfuls of peanut butter and a few vitamin pills
"I've 100%ed Paper Mario Sticker Star about a half dozen times in my life. (AMA)"
generating some randos for my everdrive, time for some tests
I went afk for 5 minutes what made us reset?
The only "Glitchless glitch" I agree with in this game are cannon jumps
and only because I discovered those as a child
I discovered the cure to cancer as a child
is that why you got replaced with a body double?
master duel is getting a new banned list in a couple days and they killed a couple of my decks big Sadge
speedy spincels seething at slow go chads
you hammer that block as slow as I do
1 is banned in the tcg the other isn't
idk the rhythm I just press b 11 times now
gamers are cursed to not have good coaches in their life
probably the cause of a lot of mental dysfunctions we see among them
my mental dysfunction is that I speedrun paper mario
it's ok I like it for some reason :)
at least you haven't 100%'d sticker star several times like that redditor
360chrism is now doing a certain type of pokemon only in the stadium gym leader castle
using a move that turns them into a plushie of a certain pokemon
how motivated for gless are you
but double clippy is sooooof uuuuuuunnn
I could tell you since you have input display
If you see someone grinding a glitchless video game speedrun they need help
you can do it in fp lol
lopez and morp had me using the fp input display to troubleshoot my bhs
and now I rarely lose more than 5 or 6 seconds
This could be us, but you Jr. Skip so often....
cilppy is easy but double cilppy yeah no
you only need 22 seconds :)
saw you leave cc and I was confused
no quote bot on phantom strim either
I wish I could play more gless but without a real goal, its hard to keep at it
there's finally a twitch streamer playing pizza tower, but it's years later and I don't even care about it
my sob is a mid 3:45 idk what kind of run and rng I'll need for that lmao
just move faster and you will gold everything
never thought of it that way
I can comfortably say, in real life, "Alexa get me ready for coke game night" like this ad wants me to.
because my fire stick is unplugged and it's my only amazon product in the house
I'll see how I feel after my chameleon twist grind. 7 top runners are gonna be grinding all weekend so I wanna grind a lot then too.
dang pizza tower got some updates what is this ice level
whoever had the points make phantom speedrun this
rigby I think twisting chameleons is animal cruelty
in 2 tho u may have a case
red key you know why but like in this game tho
I heard something about cringy stuff?
you find out how to ACE without glitches????
My favorite games have intended Arbitrary Code Execution
I wouldn't consider a few games' ACEs to be using glitches
I MISSED THE BEGINNING AAA SORRY
im here now how are you
I have a dk 64 rando running on my TV screen, and it looks great
that'll teach you to trust your perception of reality
if you plug in your pc and upscale native resolution 4X in ParaLLel that rando would look even nicer....
Pape doesn't get much better that way though, unfortunately.
we need an AI upscaled texture pack
not that ridiculous looking fanmade one
makes it look like sticker star
Sup phantom its been a minute - good luck on the run
phantom I be always falling asleep during your streams
not cause theyre like boring or anything, the opposite they are very entertaining
Jesus Christ you clicked A fast
okay but why do these cannons have to die?
Sorry, was practicing Sky Gauntlets, but I was listening LUL
I love resetting bad runs :)
@risch sir how did you get that badge
Yeah, the ghost is just 1 month sub badge
 my phone keyboard has a double dip emoji
damn, those adapters are pretty cheap price wise too
Thank the smelly smashies for that
phanto274Bless for run to stay alive past Speedy Spin this time
you need the gamecube n64 adapter to play some smash 64
i'm just glad my everdrive works perfectly
plus, most rom hacks work on console, so that's even more fun
@WEEGEE666 sm64 chaos edition on real hardware????????
oof, shipping cost for the adapter is the same as the adapter itself
or that one sm64 hack that looks gorgeous, better than banjo tooie
it's all in usd as far as I can see
ah well, i'll stick to n64 controller for now
I was gonna stream today but then I went to culvers and now I don't wanna do anything besides exist
I just wanna finish my shake and do nothing
I do still genuinely wanna get a good WW run for marathon submissions but like....
I need to do a run for that
Dunkey just posted a video for that one today
He started it by saying "I don't hate rpgs but the ones I play on this channel I know will get me views, but this one I love"
I love when the bot @'s people
I want to get yakuza 0 but I might just play 7 cuz I am too lazy to read
I streamed yakuza 0 around this time last year
I got 7 for free from my psn plus
I think 7 is the only one that dub
well, the original ps2 yakuza had dub lol
plus its turn based instead of a beat it up
I know I will like the combat in the other yakuza cuz it like judgment ( spin off of yakuza)
didn't the guy that made 7 was a big fan of persona 5 and that why it was turn based
I feel that shit so hard
Every WW run this week has been losing a minute to random early game shit and then I just have no willpower to finish it
I WANNA DO THE HARD DUNGEONS THAT ARE COOL
@WEEGEE666 stop reading my mind lmao
still better than slobs and twitch studio lol
It just felt like it today
wait a min I am actually a good pokemon for once did I see that right
I'm just happy I am not a fucking hypno again
do u have random types on?
has he seen that bipedal rhinocerous yet?
how the fuck did that fit in that egg
your bag is full now you actually have to pay attention
luckily I read that and it was an x attack
Just got back and see you moved on... was Rowf mean again?
imagine having to do the bug catching contest to be rewarded key items
The thief from the last place I worked finally got fired. CFO was after him for years and could not convince the ceo to get rid of this guy.
Starting to look at indie developers more seriously. Games seem to be high quality and less expensive l.
@pethanct01 This damaged product is a gift from the CEO
Sonic Generations came out in 2011 and was a final nostalgic celebration of the end of gaming and the end of gamers
The guy "Reacting" with PogChamp to the stream is me btw
ole communist trick may be playing on me
try to find rare ancient bloodline donphan to breed for an OU mon
otherwise it's a low UU mon
and DO NOT build a future donphan tank
This isn't the cave in south america where they found mew
I guess we go to kanto
There's a watercooled steam deck posted on reddit that's only 29 degrees at nearly full load
we like a seed where squirtbottle is on the other side of sudo
it's the best kind of seed Kappa
I used to call them pinwheel trainers. They belong in an insane asylum.
When they go home, their mothers ask, what did you do today. Their response I SPUN ALL DAY WAITING FOR THE BLUE HAIRED GIRL IN THE FOREST.
And thats why you dont do crack.
Doin alright, been way too busy with work
Finally got a FIR in the other day though, was a speedy one
pape speed run was being painful on the poor man
Ah sorry to hear about the runs, hope Pkmn goes better
oh that's not great, was getting Fly quick?
did you have strength before Azalea?
Yeah my seed was Mewtwo starter, early bike and fly, did a grand total of 5 gyms
Dragonite is a great one to run
It's very rare that hideout doesn't pay out for me
I fought red with a level 45 mewtwo but had found Swords Dance shortly before. Thank goodness.
I need to see if the GBC emu built into the everdrive software works well
just thought of a really funny way to play crystal rando. pokemon stadium 2
that would be the tough part
or what if u just make a gbc cart with a rando on it
I just think it would be really funny
it would have to be stadium 2, cause stadium one wouldn't support gen 2
I think it will work with a repo cart I don't see a reason why it wouldn't
rainbow on Morty is just mean
Oh I bought the Crobat V Trainer Gallery card on ebay, it showed up today
it has the rival from this gen in it
I'd post it if you weren't in the middle of a seed haha
Twist my arm why don't ya
alright I gotta lurk and do a couple things, good luck dude!
ah yes, the hedge maze that is viridian forest
Hiya Phantom! how's it going? also good luck phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
and by chat decided, he means me and blacktiger
good im glad youre having fun atleast phanto274Hype
oh yeah star, I have my everdrive now!
oh really? thats awesome congrats phanto274Hype
if you have exp share you may want to give it to something if you keep getting in to fights
if the level up moves are the same in og omastar will only learn 2 more moves at 54 and at 65
awesome I'll check it out phanto274Hype
instead of ancinet power it got its next level up move instead I find this funny I dont know why
zatch bell mamodo fury I remember playing that as a kid
blue's brothers n64 was an interesting one
resident evil 2 on the wheel 1 of my all time fav game
@blacktiger51 there a cheat code in the instruction booklet to unlock a character I dont know why they did that eather
I never look at the instruction book lmao
that the version I grow up playing it the same as the ps1 version main game wise ps1 have extra stuff
I will never get over the earth badge being a feather
you ever hear someone call feathers bird leaves?
I just dont get why everyone keeps refering to OoT
in OoT is it a hint or more like spoiler log leaks?
gossip stones will say stuff like "dodongo's cavern is on the path of the hero" or "gerudo's fortress is a foolish choice"
I was watching a zfg vod yesterday and a hint said song of time teach the hammer
so when you would normally learn song of time, you'd get megaton hammer
also fuck the seed 7 last stand
and another hint told him hookshot was in shadow temple
that was a pretty quick seed too
i'm probably gonna mess around with my ever drive more tomorrow
Im very curious about how seeding is going to happen for the league tbh
I wont be able to finish all of them but oh well 3:
Since I remember nothing about seed 1 now, Im just gunna go ahead and do that since most people did that one
The thing Im having trouble with is just logic really. Like how people are getting sub 3:30:XX
Seed 6. It was either that one or seed 5 I actually PBed PrideLaugh
good show on the race the other day btw
That part I def dont know yet PrideLaugh
yeah their race is right after ours, which I only realized just now axlsrS
I'll have to find a way to sneak in dinner while doing commentary LUL
Thats what I try to do as well. Sometimes I do well, and- ohhhhhhh, you know what? I think thats where Im messing up. I put out of logic things in logic
Ohhhh, oh man. Thats a lot then to kind of decide and know. Thats good to know
That actually switches up how Im gunna think about it then
phantom with the knowledge drop golden535Pog
I knew about that due to Axl PrideLaugh I still check it regardless though
I think I might do like a practice seed or two and try to base it on my thinking. Like taking notes and such
oh man who doesn't love a good coin flip Kappa
I probably have but don't quiz me on it because I'm just here giving to the music and meeting in chat Kappa
ah and there's about a 50-50 for him to do that I gather
sounds like a pain to deal with right at the end of the run
I dont know what cumping is but it sounds against TOS
Blopez has cumped plenty he knows
ah so it's an abbreviation of cannon jumping then?
that sounds way more TOS friendly
I'm only calling them this for the bot to pick it up
My cat wished you good luck
My cat says he wishes for your downfall
run will go the distance now
My cat seens to be around me more when I watch you stream LAMI
oh I see where that is going
oh so you can at least reset the stock fairly quickly instead of it being more like "well, run is dead"
although I guess if you're going for a good time 20 seconds is a lot
so then it's just a matter to stay on PB pace for the entire rest of the run Kappa
man imagine having to deal with RNG in a speedrun
btw I don't know if you heard but apparently Risch beat my Delete Diveman time in an any% attempt
and I'm kinda conflicted about it. Like it's cool he managed to do it. But also rip WR. And I'm not sure I want to go back to it to try and get it back LUL
no, elecsword is too slow to get. The strat is the JustGetLucky(TM)
I do still kinda want the sub 31 I just don't want to deal with the grind LUL
is kooper not good enough for a split huh?
why is the dark lord in the ice cream stage
because in Delete Diveman, I get rid of recovs and keep all my swords because they're a good way to get lots of damage in. Besides, we don't get beastout anyway so we don't need to worry about null element chips
but in any% I usually get rid of swords, so adding in one seems counterproductive
yeah should probably do that, if only for the meme
that's wild, I've never had lifesword against diveman in all my 500+ attempts LUL
glad I came here in time for that
just get even luckier later Kappa
yea that's why I just do the buy an extra pow strat
so I always level up there
sometimes the game just goes "Not today". Usually closely followed by the runner going "Yeah maybe you're right"
literally can not miss it Kappa
before or after his PvP stint? Kappa
I mean it's a good game
I kinda want to revisit it casually
I didn't actually own an N64, so I played bits and pieces at the local game shop
oh boy give me those sweet sweet frames
7 months is absolutely a long time
I may not be here every stream, but I'm still somewhat supporting. lol
what a nice guy rowf is
I managed to go out for drinks one night with my one twitch payout LUL
I spent all day today and yesterday derusting a game I want to submit to SGDQ when time comes
I brought down my Any% time about 2 minutes and moved up 3 spots on the leaderboards
They gave me good feedback on Toy Story also, they said they would just like chapters on the YouTube video next time which is perfectly fine and this time I will have my GDQ Hotfix video as the submission
I know all my submissions I am going with already also
I usually make new submission videos each time around so I am glad I derusted that game this week
Well if you do go to GDQ it would be awesome to meet in person
We were promised a finished run >:(
My first in person event was 2019 SGDQ and knew no one, now I want to go back since I know so many more people
my work would never let me take time off for any GDQ lol. they'd be like "you want to take time off to go watch video games?...nah"
Hiya. I found you from my recommended channels. I saw Paper Mario, then when I checked the hover text I saw glitchless, and well, sold! lol
That was also the year I was on the couch with Mike Uyama and I had no idea who he was LUL
I live like 4 hrs from Minneapolis.
I also ate lunch at the same table as him
you are among the majority who got it right on the first try
there's only two ways to go about my name, seeing it for the first time: either you get it right on the first try, or you get it COMICALLY wrong. ;)
where I live, we call Minneapolis, the cities. lol
I grew up on the iron range lol
might be cheaper to drive. lol
It is here, maybe not as bad as it was
I think it's a little less than 4 dollars here.
Its above 4 here in many areas
carton of eggs is over 7 dollars though here. soooo that's cool. lol
See, I live in a cheap gas area, so it had been below 3 for several months and is now 3.2-ish
Yeah, the whole eggs thing that happened
I guess its kinda nice I havent really been eating eggs as much lately
I don't know who in the right mind was like hey eggs are super high now
@nekonayzz I've done the same. lol
Phantom I'll buy you a dozen eggs bud
Its due to either, well, Im not sure what exactly happened, but a ton of chickens died in a major farm
me looking at breakfast with no egg
wtf where are you shopping for milk?
it's $3.39 where I'm at at Fred Meyer
Ive had yet to look it up, but I think its due to some sickness or fire that happened
Bird flu or something with rggs
ah that's your problem. Safeway is literally $1 or $.50 more than FM for the exact same things
but if Safeway is closer, I can see that
ok just as long as you know :) ttfn
I just bought a new car that is too expensive, so I just drive everywhere now. lol.
I remember when I moved away from my hometown and came up here, milk was like $1 cheaper per gallon, but gas was like 40% more expensive
sad everyday. every month food is going up
I got alerts playing on obs without desktop audio but now I can't hear them lol
really about to be a veggie and bean. Anything flipping cheap at this point
Oh well this is better than before so I'll fix that part later
fresh and What my beloved emotes
I believe Avos are based if its in season or not iirc
grapes have been growing in price lately
And here in Cali, well, we grow them here PrideLaugh
squash is a good veggie to get. They tend to be cheap and they go a long way
especially if you get like an acorn squash
I mean I put mine in the fridge to keep it last longer, but it doesnt overripen and go bad til like 2-3 weeks later
oh man, you should try pasta in an roasted acorn squash bowl
Out of the fridge I mean
@ohheyitjaye maybe you're getting the actually good stuff over there
Mine at work last like 2-3 days lol
I've had avocados in the fridge literally going from unripe to rotten, nothing in between
Yea especially since you're so north from mexico the shipping will suck
ugh, I had a fresh pineapple from the store a few weeks ago. I didn't eat it the same day and that was a mistake
I've had plenty of issues with bananas lately
Ours are so fucking bad rn
Corporate made us change suppliers and their bananas are dogshit
change suppliers? It's not just Dole and Chiquita?
is there like Ron's Banana and Manure?
Yooooo matching gray beanies! glhf on your run hryAdmire
They just handle and get them differently
Honestly after having pineapple in Hawaii, they aint nearly as good anywhere else PrideLaugh
I have the saddest stories about why I have no beanies
fresh pineapple from Hawaii is incredible
I cannot handle this much fresh
I am also going to attempt to finish a run hopefully the game doesn't fuck me lol
gl to you, you will be my outset entertainment
I had a whole box of beanies from like cons and over the years of my life and it was swiped while moving :(
just got back just in time I see
ooh I like your digimon plusies
I finally picked up persona 4 today
Did you ever play cyber sleuth?
I still need to finish it butter15Fresh
I have cyber sleuth but I never played it
got it cheap a long time ago and my back log is still way to big to play a backlog rpg
do you have any interest in the new digimon tcg?
same I like collecting cards rather then playing them
I dont know much about digimon
I only know the og digimon
I grew up on pokemon so my digimon knowledge in general is small
digimon wasn't on much when I was a kid
I got 16 rupees on outset wtf
that's a pb for good luck for me LOL
I like how parakarry is like yo thanks for getting the mail I lost let me go help you fight bowser instead of being a mail man
game is just hungry I guess
eating sum food and going to play Minecraft soon
I like your title btw thats like me with pape rn
Did speedy spin cooperate this time?
I knew about Toad and Shaggy but I never knew there was Sans
I'll never forget Shaggy saying "ZOINKS" going down a hole
yo its speedy spin lets go
is glitchless easy to learn if you have casual experience ?
we got more time to save
I don't think I could play for 4 hours with not getting up
i've been watching on and off
my first gless run was done with casual experience and I got a 5:46
didn't prep, just had played casually several times
I remembered my very first run of glitchless was like a 4:59:XX. I got very lucky there PrideLaugh
I did quite a bit of practice beforehand though
if I ever do a speed run it will have to be something quick like sub 2 hours
I didn't practice at all, just kinda dove face first into it
I like it when my first runs are really bad because golds are fun
have you ever thought about how 'fuzzy' sounds like a slur
im not looking forward to redoing my any% no ace saves but I need to
I haven't, i've just been practicing tricks
hello good evening and gl phanto274GL
no I just warp to the room with sushie
I have both pokemon Scarlet and Violet and I cant trade with myself ch0mskYtilt
glad to come in on my favorite chapter, sad to come in to the encounter
I beat scarlet, and I won a digital copy of violet. In my scarlet play through I got a shiny rolycoly and I want to use it on my violet play through
I need a middle man to help me trade
Hunnr duurn, Lady Bow, Im trying to sneak around Tubba Blubbas castle, but Im dummy thicc, and the clap of my ass-cheeks keeps waking the clubbas!
as much as I'd like to give you 2 rando seeds, I'm curious what this VIP is. lol
doesn't even last a minute before he's abandoned to mario's pocket
Do you start with homeward shroom? But just checking here while you're here?
this the 1st time I seen a rando start in prologue
Oh wait so his prologue your HS base for the whole run now?
Bro not da roman numerals lolol
Why do you have so many mysteries lolol
you should have the ultra stone
Im guessing this is a seed request
been watching a lot on the tubes recently. glad to be here at the start of one
Good thing everyone is selling em rn
lol whats up w all the mysteries
lol mystery has a re-roll option?
thought this was the one you phased though the wall at jump in the water
the run just got 40 minutes longer
I'm eating M&Ms with my face on it, thanks parents.
is that under qol as in "worsen quality of life"?
you probably would save time resetting, turning that on.
I'll type that out, gimme a sec
guess you have to do water block puzzle
does it mean you have to fight LP?
you can laki tp so maybe u can skip water block
Prevent physics glitches saves your xyz coords everytime you leave the ground, resetting you there if the oob up-zip gets triggered. It also normalizes map entry angles to prevent oob via lzs
so u can water block skip
You going to do the league?
we need super hammer and boots asap
I've tried looking in the discord for the rando settings. my only question is what dies the red dude signify on the box that shows what is randomized
Lol does everyone change colors after loading zones?
Unless there's new ones or /that/ Laki
I can't believe Phantom is real
Feed that red flower he angy
that should work right if I'm  reading what icebound said correctly
the most pedestal'd and anticipate-able boots ever
hell yeah can watch without spoiling pmr seeds yoshiGasm
league* it's been a long day hows it goinnn?
wtf are those fp costs. gross.
Holy shit what terrible fp costs
that clip up to mt rugged looked pretty wild
why is it in Roman numerals?
that would be the most improbable thing for the bot to say
was in turned on intentionally or on accident I wonder
homeward takes you back to prologue, right?
sleepy sheep in ch6 don't forget
It's not like we didn't had to stop the team from removing the hovering ruins lz ..
honestly if the glitches get patched I will prob stop playing rando
how did you know the pulse stone was fake
every item dupe is patched afaik
like it's literally not possible in the engine to get the same star piece twice anymore
What terrible horror has befallen you to have Goombario show up? Smadge
I mean, could be worse. There was discussion of nerfing pb and charge badges, or of savestate detection. That was the one time I blew up on the dev discord lol
isn't that literally what challenge mode is for
cause you can Laki jump in this?
That is what challenge mode turned into, yes
Or rather, it was set up afterwards
Don't think the unfinished challenge mode was ever mentioned. It's in the generator since clover wanted to have something like it, but never finished it
Has outpost shop ever been good?
You can activate it, but I think all it does atm is nerf charge badges and life shrooms
the only effect I was aware of is that it nerfs star storm
Oh, I fixed that for next release
I was on a bug hunt, and vaguely remembered you mentioning it way back, so I got searching
That was just a Dooplighost disguised as Kooper in a block Kappa
It is contiguous, we moved it to the unused key item inventory, which we had to move before
There was a bug in the automatic inventory sorting, it never detected anything beyond slot 10
I also turned on the old kbf staircase skip door behavior. Don't expect that to survive if we ever nuke that cutscene completely, tho
was link walking back toward the bomb flowers in the cutscene
happiness is a pretty underrated emotion tbh
The bot still has much to learn LUL
I forgot how loaded Toybox is in this setting
how do they know that link will jst randomly teleport there
are all 11 in logic with these settings?
guess so. so used to 6 checks
Ofc super boots are the most expensive
orbs require daily exercise to stay healthy
I hear you sometimes talk about stuff like 'sphere 0' what does that mean exactly?
have you ever done a mailman percent run?
what is this seed everything is shit
all or nothing bout to be 1bp or 7
now thats a lot of damage
I love the Roman numerals for HP LUL
roman numerals is such an odd thing for pape
roman numerals for hp is eye catching for sure. I guess a good way to help you remember them lol
hmmmm I wonder if sushie glitch will work
you mean VII damage a turn
was this seed made for you? or truly just rando?
tonic at the beach makes sense. on the trees... not so much
I don't think I've ever seen that item before.
yeah. it was like all gold?
all gold? sounds more like the gold credit
oh yeah not softlocking is almost impossible
er you might not need to though
doesn't the hammer blocks auto disappear even in rando
ice might have patched that for entrance rando already though
oh right, sushie glitch on the bottom floor would be useless, wasn't thinking
still possible to get it from the jungle fuzzy but that's awful
yeah didn't think it was serious
but it is Possible with fuzzy sushie glitch memes
dis he only offer a few things at a time normally?
but you glitched back here. got it
how much is even left that you're *supposed* to be able to reach
what is the prison key to? Bowser's castle?
if  you  get  an  email  saying  hot  wavefrog   slut   gets  fucked  by  amphibious  dont  open  it  its  a  virus  that  puts  wavefrogs  between  all  your  words  I  fell  for  it  again
A "speedrunner" may well spend hours a day at their craft, but this is ultimately a meaningless exercise, since they will ultimately accomplish exactly that which is done in less collective time by a casual player.
You can beat a chapter though Kappa
what if they're a casual speedrunner?
"I don't have money" so true for me...
Please don't compare Pichu to Sheik, her neutral is so much worse and her frame data is not even remotely close to as broken as sheiks is dude
just noticed that frick turned to fuck, love it KEKW
For most normal enemies it wouldn't be hard to read
Hex was suggested by clover sarcastically, don't think itll happen
Yo his is almost at the end
I'm biased but I do think it's easier to get familiar with than roman numerals
A few months ago? didnt you have taco at Smashcon still?
brail and binary hp when kewk
10 golden oinks% is the true meme
august was almost half a year ago now runera3Eugh
Hex health, partners swap abilities, and yes, this is a meme run, you're right LUL
Anyways, I have had enough Wind Waker HD for a lifetime, have a great stream LULW
wonder where the jade raven ended up
Pause storage is so hard on HD Sadge
you jump on him a lot
are the enemys at chapter 9 scale  yet kappa
but practice means playing the game
I tried to convince the SD community to add "All Main Bosses" as part of the 100% requirements so we wont have a PG Skip future for that category like HD has gotten to, sadly it doesnt seem like that will happen LULW
Yeah, the main argument was that people think all main bosses should include the trials too then, and that isnt something too interesting
Dude your not half bad I have to say plus you have a fun personality Im all in
I love no resets, I do them all the time.... Kappa
Let it rip! Let's Fight an epic Battle, Face off, and spin the metal, No time for doubt now, no place for backing down, Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! Spin out, your bey now, bring on, the power! Right to the top yeah, We're never giving up! Here it comes Here it comes... Metal Fusion! Let's go Beyblade, Let it rip! Metal Fusion, Let it rip! Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! This is it, Get a grip, Let it rip!
Let it rip! Let's Fight an epic Battle, Face off, and spin the metal, No time for doubt now, no place for backing down, Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! Spin out, your bey now, bring on, the power! Right to the top yeah, We're never giving up! Here it comes Here it comes... Metal Fusion! Let's go Beyblade, Let it rip! Metal Fusion, Let it rip! Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! This is it, Get a grip, Let it rip!
Not bad at all my dude
Let it rip! Let's Fight an epic Battle, Face off, and spin the metal, No time for doubt now, no place for backing down, Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! Spin out, your bey now, bring on, the power! Right to the top yeah, We're never giving up! Here it comes Here it comes... Metal Fusion! Let's go Beyblade, Let it rip! Metal Fusion, Let it rip! Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! This is it, Get a grip, Let it rip!?
I think for Any% its okay but for longer categories ResidentSleeper
I am just a bad speedrunner LMAO
Let it rip! Let's Fight an epic Battle, Face off, and spin the metal, No time for doubt now, no place for backing down, Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! Spin out, your bey now, bring on, the power! Right to the top yeah, We're never giving up! Here it comes Here it comes... Metal Fusion! Let's go Beyblade, Let it rip! Metal Fusion, Let it rip! Beyblade, Beyblade Let it rip! This is it, Get a grip, Let it rip!??
EVERY MORNING I WAKE UP AND OPEN PALM SLAM A VHS INTO THE SLOT. ITS CHRONICLES OF RIDDICK AND RIGHT THEN AND THERE I START DOING THE MOVES ALONGSIDE WITH THE MAIN CHARACTER, RIDDICK. I DO EVERY MOVE AND I DO EVERY MOVE HARD. MAKIN WHOOSHING SOUNDS WHEN I SLAM DOWN SOME NECRO BASTARDS OR EVEN WHEN I MESS UP TECHNIQUE. NOT MANY CAN SAY THEY ESCAPED THE GALAXYS MOST DANGEROUS PRISON. I CAN. I SAY IT AND I SAY IT OUTLOUD EVERYDAY TO PEOPLE IN MY COLLEGE CLASS
that is the third time you posted that @hamiscoolsouhellya
Im so used to sd I forgot all the tricks for he
I havent seen that before, although I havent seen a all dungeons either
Makes me wish I didnt sell my Wii U sadge
So its basically a blind speedrun during this?
Bee Movie Script   According to all known laws of aviation,  there is no way a bee should be able to fly.   Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.   The bee, of course, flies anyway   because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.   Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black   Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little.   Barry! Breakfast is ready!   Ooming! Hang on a second!
above the star spirts, I mean
less than +10 then lose 10 to pg skip for fun
But also that's definitely a problem
Just dropped like 270 channel points on you getting it faster
It's partially just weird that the option is there when no one's going to accidentally fall out of bounds in this game
The staircase in Fortress is the only place I could see someone potentially going out of bounds accidentally
wouldn't raph skip with clippy works since u don't need to fall oob
I went afk in chapter 5
Do you like any other games than Wind Waker in the zelda series?
Was going to say, Rowf and the other letter turn-ins were the only things beside Toybox that you lost
You got to hurry it up or I going go into bankruptcy
you do have dizzy stomp so it not that bad
I lost like 50k here before
was there anything from snowman gift? had to step away at the wrong time
this is somehow worse than Goombario
do you know what doors speed runs are?
Yoo Phantom! How's the seed been? Also hope you're having a good day phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
you just know when you play it
How much of 5 have you done?
I just realized you don't have warehouse key
250+ viewers what the heckin heck
damn chapter 5 I miss all of it
Are your boots out of logic or something?
and u cant even go the other way since it super boots locked
was frying pan super boots locked?
fastest time for a doors speed run is 13 minutes
did you ever start koot stuff
Feeling Fine is a powerful badge that we should track in seeds (:
did u do the radio toad?
Did you ever do Red Jar check?
oh shit yeah everything but her
wait, so we're still out of logic? how
is cook without frying pan on or something
I cant think of anything u miss
Link is in the law to KICK GANNON ASS
it doesn't do out of bounds?
I forgot to put points in
so jade raven to be behind toybox stuff, I think?
is the only toybox check not done the antiguy?
I wanted to return ham's points
To make you feel even better about this, I recently found out that progressive doesn't stop scaling at ch7
you have to end the prediction tho
Drinking soda out of my Jibcan
hi fuji I forgot the other name
GET A FASTER RUN NEXT TIME
ngl, listening to this seed in the background has me so curious how the logic would have WANTED you to go if it was a true no cheating seed
@RavenFP how did the run go?
It was real bad at the end but was genuine pb pace for half of it
so you have to do Koopa koot and dojo?
watch ultra hammer be on master 3
but don't have to be done to win?
what is your fastest paper mario speed run
That is, in fact, this seed, bot
Mario takes it up the ass until he's ready to give it back tenfold
have you seen the youtuber jschlatt
and I probably would have by accident, hit the heart.
I forgot this was a thing
do a time prediction of 4:45
what did u get from him I didn't see
you still need the super and ultra hammer, yes?
in vanilla, is there a heart block there?
the ingredients are super common aren't they
tfw blocked by the most common item in the game
chapter 5 tree on beach I think
@blacktiger51 even if you were making that up, you're at least 50% likely to be right
could be wrong tho but I know I did see 1 at some point
does it hard require it to be super shroom + koopa leaf / strange leaf or can it be the goomnut + the volt shroom
that the only thing I seen in chapter 5 before I went afk
could also use the strange leaf that's replaced koot's wallet
Looks like I am seeing the end of a gil rolled seed. Hows it going?
The most shocking thing about this seed is that Goombario is lit up.
why do you put yourself through this pain? I hope it's for our entertainment
otherwise I hope you are well :)
well when I redeem one I won't make it cruel. I don't like watching people suffer :)
I've been grinding for a fast seed I can redeem and see how you destroy my time lol
I mean, I'm only going to send seeds I played and thought were interesting/bad/content
don't think I've seen this skip
I only give really gross seeds
The "Are you shitting me?!" seeds? @mariomantaw
where the hogwarts legacy at lol
My last submission was a "fight Blooper with nothing" seed. I've got another one ready when I have enough points again
I told u its on master 3
what ur next game gonna be
no audio but gl gl and hope the runs have been going well
I tried to not be toooooo mean. I want it to be entertaining but not take five hours
if I REALLY wanted to be mean I would have turned on OHKO
phantom feel free to have a look and if you don't like the settings you can reject and I will send a new one :)
5 hours of high quality content fixed it for you.
Still would rather the excess of repel then life shrooms
@blacktiger51 am I mean because of random text?
how come only master 1 gets a charge?
or does that not work? I never tried it
oh you still have that whole row of volcano ? blocks unhit?
seems pretty likely to be there
I saw A coconut is in 7 chapter I believe .
would be surprising if there's nothing
I thought it was gonna be under the panel
you might be able to hit the loading zone
can you walk around the outer lip of the ledge
I mean not that it would help
kind of surprising not to have ultra boots
might as well glance the shop
ultra boots in star haven shop? .
damn 3 of us original thinkers
The setting was made for a reason get rid of this door
 You don't know what is what, you just strut, what the.. 
ultra boots is prob on koot
it's prob somewhere around the castle
u know I forgot about castle checks
they basically only exist specifically for ultra boots
full bowser castle is actually fine if you have keysanity off and actually need to look for keys
m4 can use solarbeam without sun
imagine if you hadn't checked the castle ultra boots
would of been better if those was the real ones and the 1st ones was fake
That looked like a nightmare gg
lemme know what you think of my seed settings and feel free to reject it if you dont like it
They're on the new shit rn
Last wheel stream was so good
Does the wheel have Phantom karaoke?
aww dammit, that says Donkey Kong 94 KEKW
Fun fact: Space Station Silicon Valley crashes if you the expansion pak
I knew this was by ACE
I think I played this game before
The only exposure I've had to Mystical Ninja Starring Goemon is speedruns
I need an easier way to swap between N64 S Video and Wii Component cables on my retro tink
Im doing a seed and the 1st partner I got was goombario and the 1st item I got was slow go
I didn't know this game started with an anime style OP that's cool
I got excited for a moment there lol
Anyone in chat remember that LSD dream game for PS?
Yeah it was wacky. You played in dream sequences, open world, avoiding some entity. It was supposedly made from some dream journal from the primary writer of the game.
I'm honored to hand you my pipe.
new pb in [game name here]!!!
yo u got the lunar stone
that would be a good idea but I have to save up to 150k
this game exists solely for the cutscene
okay bawkPause what the game now
I loved that big flashing weirdo
The music reminds me of that scene in Kung Fu Hustle lol
that guy remind me of the bad guy from zelda skyward sword
And this music of the one in The Mermaid by Stephen Chow too lol
ok this is the best game ever made
can you even lose the robot section?
I cant wait to get jumpscared and choke on my food
let see how bad the n64 version looks
who puts a blood color selector?
ah yes the great voice acting
I looked away for a sec
what is going on I just got here
what if you run out of ammo?
I think u start with ammo on easy
full heal in the itam box
you will prob like the remake 2 the control are better not tank
OOH, YOU'RE RUNNING THIS AGAIN? SWEET
yo, better chance of buck bumble then
What run would you do if you learned this game?
I love this game so much
making dinner: slicing up a rotisserie chicken, spicing/cooking it in a pan with some onions tomatoes and green peppers for pita bread
only 1 gen 5 pokemon I like
wtf kind of pokemon is that
are they like, being mind controlled through the cupcakes?
Neko where are you I just wanna 'talk'
If he used his full power he would never lose that
He is just there lookin at you like :<
you wish you could go that fast on a backstroke
Pokepark games are perfect if they let you play on a controller
I like him going OOH! when you hit him
I cant believe I missed all of pokepark which was clearly the best game on the wheel
you have to pay him to become his friend?
She wouldn't rob you if you were oshawott
you were a rat it was just natural instinct
can we rename that emote to gameboyplayer
Oshawott would never harm my eyes
I remember playing this via hacked og Xbox
WHY ARE YOU KILLING THE RABBIT
what did he do to you
I was really hoping that was a stunlock
ohh u have to pick up the blue balls
I was like "This melody is so fucking familiar"
I would call it lo-fi beats to study and relax to but not music
I remember seeing this a rentals but dont think I ever played it
Glover is probably one of the games of all time
can you break that cracked wall?
I noticed it earlier but wanted to give you a chance lol
you need them all, how else are you gonna get thed 201st golden banana?
they wanted to make a sequel but that didnt get far
is that was dying glove sounds like?
that looks like a watr mill
but is it better than blues brothers 64
you know what this game nees?
you didnt know crabs could do that?
that was a great 30 mins
enters boss fight, "oh this game has a 1st person camera?"
if its a PB save your splits
watch this be a 2d fighter like the digimon game
do you need a special version of ttyd for this?
did you get Mega Man 64?
imagine getting imprisoned for taking a nap
I want to know how did the king know klonoa was dreaming
@buff00n Wouldn't u if u saw a little Klonoa in town?
1 in chat if you completed the "extra vision" in Klonoa door to phantomile
I got acces to the extra vision, saw that Kaizo shit and said, NAH
I have never played a klonoa game before
it's not even kaizo shit it's like Mario lost levels shit
Lost Levels is not a good game
less enjoyable but a notch less difficulty
hey this game looks actually good
world map reminds me of Yoshi's Island title screen
Klonoa: Quite possibiy the only thing weirder than your sister
it was another magazine ad they ran for this game
door to phantomile not the gba game, sorry
hey phantom! have a good stream today :D
just jump off the step and double jump
damn, his animations are pretty smooth, ngl
Someone made a mock up "14 years have passed and this game is still weirder than your sister" image for the recent remakes
AI image drawers are probably now good enough to make my "gigachad klonoa" meme I wanted to 6 months ago
memes completely broke them back then
weird jump? weirder than your sister though?
bold of them to assume I remember my sister
ngl, you are selling me on this game
Klonoa empire of dreams, I think?
Can we add valorant to the list of games
Yoo Phantom!! Wheel night let's gooo! phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
you missed mystical ninja goemon, RE2, glover
oh yeah, and some GB digimon 2d fighter
phantom didn't like 1 of my fav game of all time  Sadge
fucking tank controls lmao I get it
@needaname37 I heard that in the wario land 4 voice
Klonoa is the next phantom speedrun confirmed?
3 different roms of zelda on the home screen
oh look at the time already been 30 mins Kappa
I bet top left is vanilla
This is the work of the future media creators
it's no glover, that's for sure Kappa
What is an elephant doing in this game that's not a dog
watch this game be a hidden gem
menu'ing with the wii remote was the FUTURE 17 years ago Phantom
is this supposed to be like pokepark or something?
dog models do look similar to dog island but I honestly thought it was just a coincidence
oh my god, it is pokepark
considering there are probably a lot of licensed dog games
this is one weird looking Pikachu
dinner's ready and the walk-way's been shoveled and salted: no one can ask any more of me
no, but I can dream, yeah?
did u clean the whole house
my dude his model is literally a monster rancher 2 monster
this game is an allegory for scamming kids in TF2
yes let give a bad guy the magic hat good idea
oh no whatever is happening to the animals!
did the mc blame it all on his friend?
I love your name of A
how much of those 30 minutes was plot?
I mean we can play this as the next 30 min game right????
next time you wheel you can pick up right where you left off
have to dedicate 3 minutes to the intro song
yo doom 64 is downloaded on the everydrive
ive only heard the intro song of this game
you look so happy about this game
oh god it looks like the banjo tooie bee as a game
do you think grant kirkhope got the idea for the DK rap from this?
so star fox 64 but u r a bee and not a ship
This is literally the Banjo Tooie bee minigame but a whole game
probably some of the same people working on the two games too lazy to check
we need Buck Bumble in VR
we need a wii buck bumble
we need a PC portl buck bumble with mouse controls
we need a buck bumble switch port
something tells me that was unnecessary murder
we need more buck bumble in our lives
Looking at that "Valorant, Overwatch, TF2, CS:Go Girlfriends" meme image
They made the TF2 GF overpowered
buck bumble deserves 3 hours instead of 30 minutes
barry b benson wishes he was this cool
your mission is just do the thing lol
yeah title screen was the beat part
ye, the title screen with the music was mainly what I wanted the reaction of
This game was epic at the time
what even is that game over screen?
You're inscribing ASS in several places on your everdrive SD card
future AIs will judge you based on this
when all your computers are taken for police analysis
imagine the police take your computer for analysis and during it they pull up buck bumble
The Us Navy SEALS went through Bin Laden's computer and found several video games including a copy of final fantasy 7
I don't remember if they mentioned save data
"The al-Qaeda leader had a series of animated films on his hard drive including Antz, Cars, Chicken Little and The Three Musketeers. There were also several YouTube videos, including a viral clip from the UK called "Charlie bit my finger" and videos about crocheting, including one entitled "How to crochet a flower". The role-playing computer game Final Fantasy VII was also on the computer."
This game would be fckn epic with playstation 5 graphics
some budding indie studio can snap up the rights super cheap then
and fill it with cheap UHD assets
imagine that gun and the explosions looking as good as halo infinite grenade explosions
im telling you it's a winner idea
Yet another childhood game I never beat
its a game ive heard of before so it has to be good right?
I havent played a rayman game in a while
why aren't you playing rayman 2 en franais?
lmao at the rendering line on the 2
is the wheel of games going to be an every Saturday thing
uh oh my post may be ending up on youtube
we need either better games or more memeable games
Rayman 2 is the best 3D platformer in history
I never finished this game cuz I didn't have a memory pak for my N64
You coulda gone back and played one of the 10+ ports this game got
it got a port both on the regular nintendo DS and the 3DS later
I own a physical copy of the 3DS version
it's a good game for the 3D imo
mr buzzer, the mosquitos, really pop
I actually pulled out my 3DS and copy of "Rayman 3D"
this port is amazing ALL of the graphics POP OFF IN 3D
Ubisoft made another 3D platformer in this same engine called Donald Duck Goin' Quackers
I'm noticing horrible ghosting playing 3DS games and it's not because my eyes aren't aligned right. I believe it's a rendering error in my brain
my irl graphics drivers update broken
It doesn't do forward scrolling but has the same linear level designs
and now I have TEXT DROP GHOSTING on a regular computer screen
no FE yet.. nor hogwart legacy brrrruuuuh lol
u should play conker one day
fun fact, with my current OOT rando run, I last locationed bomb bag. and it was on a check I could have gotten several times before
it has still been fun phanto274Hype
like comment and sub on youtube
Woah Mario could float this whole time??
That makes everything so much easier!
Did it do that at random or does it just respond when I say
If I just include my name (the g00n) in everything I say, the bot will learn it
I just wanted to share that I beat my first Rando. There is a lot to improve for someone who hasn't really tried any speedrun. 5:34
Too 30 min to beat Bowser just because I didn't had LifeShrooms
I'm currently doing a seed, trying to improve my time phanto274Bless
Nice. I tried speedrunning the demo of a game called ANTONBLAST and I was proud (its an upcoming game I thought I was new to the running scene) some guy demolished my record by a minute and the demo takes like 2-3 minutes
Whoops another essay from the g00n
Lots of improvement needed to avoid battles too.
So I dunno if Im gonna speedrun games for world records or anything but it would be cool to do as a hobby
It's nice to see that more people are getting into randos
Though it would be better to try one with controller support (I use joycons tho). I was gonna try running a random but Ill need to learn the time and probably do a few casual randos
They work pretty well on PC just
gotta wait an entire 3hrs to attempt a time save... and how much time we talking?
Let's pray to Lord Goombario for a good run. phanto274Lurk
but the possibility makes it worth trying
phanto274GL forgot I have your emotes thanks to a generous gift
it's a well-structured thought, at least keizaShrug
alright, gotta go. enjoy the run keizaHey
wait does this game just auto advanced text with a b hold at max speed
maybe I should play paper mario
I didnt grow up with paper mario I just played mario and luigi games
so I never actually got to play these lol
yeah risch seems p committed to going for this
found out last night he actually didnt buy it lol
btw the dungeons are ass on persona 4
game is really good so far but still
yeah the dungeons in 5 are really good
I was awake until almost 5 am last night playing it
you got copy claimed for buck bumble?
If I get 200K and teambn does a NT race, can I make you enter? KEKW
I told risch id make you enter LULL
all because of the funny bee game
I swear youtube copyright system is so dumb
I'm glad you got it resolved
hey axl, how are you bud?
wait, was that a mis menu? I thought you were supposed to shell toss lol
are you still doing Crystal randos?
I gotta figure out a better algo
did I sub to your yt? I think I did
damn ice how could you LUL
I run Phantom randos when going to bed. I am the PhanStan
I might upload fusion randos to youtube, see how that does
@buff00n fr its not boring, hes got such a soothing voice it helps me sleep
@cpunkc I've been sleeping MAD good since I started leaving Phantom randos running
Thats how I found you, through YouTube
I think I got recommended after binging a bunch of retrospective vids about paper Mario and such
man, why didn't you block that Kappa
it might be cuz of fat guy he have like 40k subs
Do you upload full vods, or just pbs?
Bowser beat you dead run :c
I should do that when I do randos
I dunno if Id ever be interested in streaming
Fatguys the only one of those Ive ever watched
and fat guy does a lot of pape stuff
is there any overlap with keiz due to crystal rando?
I still have to play demon souls bought it at full price with my ps5 and haven't played it
I know thatt feel all too well
which zelda rando would you do?
my mind went to minish cap
its does but last time I check it not good
it's not amazing, but not terrible either
it not open enough last time I check
Ouch, early Goombario in a vanilla rando.
No Anime in my house do it somewhere that isnt my house
Its just not Pac-Man do literally anything else
Where does it get these games from anyway
I want some fascinating games :c
so Not Pacman any% X5 only has one run and there is no vod KEKW
time for me to cheat this Speedrun
we gotta both get sub 2:10s
@Axl_SR so you're saying it's free
komari, did my DM call you here?
so they left in prologue OMEGALUL
I think that's why fusion rando is run with shuffled sectors
I like mashing through all my games though
as far as i've seen with settings in races and the like, the usual settings for fusion are any missles give missile data, power bombs without normal bombs, security split, and sector shuffl
well, 9 times out of 10, the first 5-6 minutes of a fusion rando are the same
go to data room, get missiles, fight aracnus, profit
if it were just the first 10, then fine, but good god 30 minutes
should remove the stop to work m
fuck I couldn't finish game bots quote
"should remove the stop to work catch ya later hopefully" -PhantoBot
i'd be more inclined to try superstar saga rando if the green pipes were open
No one knows what the flags are gonna be till they play for 20 minutes
gl with your "Glitchless speedrun lol"
how do you feel about that?
I knew the speedrun one did, but not the anime one NiceSoftlock
this is like whenever one person uses the quote command on my channel, then everyone does
I def read that as peg
just rolling until it suggests an anime i've already watched
i'm just waiting for the bot to give me huniepop or something
seen a lotta ghibli but not that one Sadge
if it helps, I haven't either
oh so it's probably bad then
we did it weebs, we killed the bot through anime exposure
Its been there rocks I dont even use twitter
I will speedrun Yo! Noid instead
How do people even make these words
Im outta here good luck with the run phantom
kamisama kiss def sounds like some hentai
Anime to me is like garlic to a vampire
just one of those days Sadge
I had a day somewhat recently I missed pie jumps 2x lmfao
@phantom5800 You should try watching "My First Pape Partner is always ignored in Randos"!
I have 47k points, but i'm just about to head out to dnd
I can't wait for the bot to finally say something that i've watched and then it's something super weird OMEGALUL
i'm hoping I can get more people into running fusion rando. i'd love to do some races of it
FUCK I HAVEN'T WATCHED THIS YET
ain't got time for that lol
ohh yeah that would do it
nope haven't watched that one but at least i've heard of it
but ye, one day, fusion races would be great
gotta run, but i'll keep the stream up
it's said several things that I have considered watching
grew up on that shit bro
yeah cardcaptor sakura is before my weeb arc lol
next time I do a race Im gonna shuffle text LUL
I have not considered nor have I tried
i'm waiting for it to say jojo
Arie made a new friend today
very close but no I haven't watched that
this youtube vod is gonna be nutty LUL
hey a anime on my watchlist
does the bot pull from MyAnimeList?
anilist aka god's intended anime site
@starry_arie You should try watching Boku no Pico!
goombario. that's a decent amoubt of stuff for 6 minutes in
no that was cpunkc's fault lmaooo
@starry_arie You should try watching "Despacito"!
we've seen so many things I recognize but none i've watched LOL
What kind of anime are you wanting to watch?
Pieces? Is that the sequel to One Piece?
PepoPopcorn just waiting for my fav anime to show up
only finished it because the op/ed are bangers and I wanted them on AMQ
WAIT YOU CAN MAKE IT CHAT
didn't realize your bot was just free for the taking lmao
it's way better than the silly streamlabs chatbot
they should add an option that just scrambles dialogue
this seems like an "interesting" start to say the least
I think it would be funnier if they scrambled the existing dialogue options, but it would be hard to appreciate in a speedrun
glad you're enjoying this mod of Paper Mario for the Nintendo 64 today!
who cursed you with such a seed this time
how we end up on this path
super boots chest odd key rip item 11 was super hammer
at this rate I never need to redeem a seed. chat's got the streamer torture covered
Lord Goombario saving the day once again
who redeemed this evil thing again
I have a feeling that partners checks are partners
Whacka should really use that on himself when he sees you coming
@Icebound777 you see this? plz  fix Kappa
Imagine having a chance of triggering a fight with Wacka, 100 HP
I am at a loss for words. Another Goombotio start? Sadge
I wonder where repel gels come from in the first place. someone has to make them, right?
@icebound777 same about life shrooms. if your have enough you can become immortal
I have a theory that Repel gels are made from male boo ectoplasm LUL
I am back to playing Gato
The nerfs hurt but he's still doing gato shit
I explained to my mom who gato was because she kept calling the cat gato yesterday LOL
He's just a man whose power is solely because of his raw hater energy
That's why Goombario needed the upgrade...
This seed man cursed from the start when you see Goombario is with you then LUL
Bario is unironically saving the seed
holy shit british dollar stores are genuinely called poundland
Send this seed to Gill phantom to pay for his crimes of rolling those seeds Kappa
weedMario he throws away his doobies when he's done with them
This is looking like a forced ruins dip
it just strikes me as that way because of the ruins keys and pulse stone
This whole seed is one big meme so far LUL
what language is this in? lol
I can read it fine idk about you
Bario about to save the seed again
Thats the most painful part is you dont have a choice but to use Goombario LUL
I am. only better than this is prologue.
@axl_sr Goombario is carrying this seed sadly LUL
Be forced to sacrifice Goombario in a fight is everything I have ever wanted to see from a seed
The georgia smash shit increased the price of their locals and people asked them "This is to improve event quality right?" and they said "No this is just for the pot"
I love handing the top 4 players more money while having the same exact event experience lol
Pete refuses to up the price of our fgc shit despite the fact he's running at a loss for most of these
I want to give him money
But he also has a very well paying tech job so I don't think he actually cares lol
This seed was cursed from the start LUL
phantom, have you seen the clip of risch's final time of +0.1
Wait 4k more channel points and Ill redeem another rando run for you lmao
I've thought about redeeming 2 runs for you, but I really Wana see what this VIP is all about. lol
Ive been saving up just for the rando seed
You need to share this seed with people LUL
the seed really wanted you to save the yoshis.
Did you give yoshi cookie? I wasnt paying attention
yo gl, what madness are we playing today?
dear god rip 11 early is awful
no parakarry or laki at this point also kinda blows
Goombario carried the seed and was required to use to fight blooper LUL
That's one way to make this seed interesting
now I have 48 channel points left phanto274Cry
colorado rn "blah blah blah oweicna soeifc alksjqwpe vnzlakjw" words of wisdom
Hey chat, how is streamers sanity. This looks like a bad seed.
watch parakarry be one of the first checks here
are you still using those weird settings where you can't OoB?
you had 1 so u did not need to buy it
omg, what is that language o-o
at least its ch 2 scaled
I must really be high on my medications if I can't understand that English lol
how're u guys doing, I just got an anbernic 3xx xx whatever and played pm64 randomizer
laki looks like he has a disease
how that a crap like Laki get a cool gf
the stank ass gets a goth gf? how does that work out?
a video game is like a movie or an good night story, just more interactive
laki flipping back and forth between puke and lakilulu colour scheme
It'll be a while before I can give another now but this should be content
I should avoid saying any more now...
Effectively go mode sounds like go mode in Denial
im generating a seed btw do you want me to send it in the discord when I figure it all out?
what's with that text? I seriously doubt it's even a language...
TIL I don't know how to English
The randomized letters did this seed still have cut scenes?
@bmaick Na mate dont be afraid, everybody should learn english, it is really not that hard... well compared to Deutsch or dutch it is much more simple and make so much sense
ik im making the seed but is there anything that you absolutely hate when doing randos? just so I dont accidentally put it in the seed
I want everyone to have a good time
I mean, I was talking about the game's English... phanto274Cry
But it's always good to keep learning new languages.
@bmaick I'm not an English native, but is it really that bad ?
I am talking about the Rando setting for shuffled text.
aah Okay, well on the other side. on german there are some really bad misspelling flaws
ohh that's a nice skin on ice king
i'll have to watch the vod :)
i'm surprised you did it, I expected it to be rejected
ok, I selected some things to make it interesting but I didn't want it to be aggravating
oh definitely leave mine for a rainy day. im just excited I get to be apart of your runs tbh
when is the league happening again?
and i'm not mean enough to make you do the whole castle
what would be a 'fun' rando for you :)
I randomized the text since we skip it all anyway :)
and it looks like it's in Polish or Welsh or something lol
I think w and y are vowels in Welsh?
I wonder where the hammer was
theyve only been live for a couple hours
have a great rest of your night!
for some reason I thought today was the day KEKW
oh yeah I got one underscore gay plant
You wont believe this but its FROSTY over here
it's a very hot 13 degrees rn
Hey! always18Eyy  Just wanted to say GLHF on the run! I love wind waker and this version so much! always18Love
Hehe thanks! I did see yours always18Aww  Love em hehe
I gotta run for now cuz gonna sleep in a bit. But gonna have ya in the back. always love have some runs or smash tourney on in the back haha! Have a great night! runera3Clap always18Shock
Hello! I saw you posted a kiseki song on Twitter, you listen to any Ys music? Same composer I believe its the same company but they are both top tier with their music
yeah they do. kinda thinking they are gonna blow up in the west sometime soonish
dude yes I finished just 1 and 2
was about 50 hours into cold steel 3
gonna start driving home, but you say you are going to frosty?
I havent played strive in a minute, xrd is just better.
Ive just been grinding the basic dizzy bnbs and some of then oki setups
Dizzy in strive would be cool but it wouldnt be the same
ive never gotten past the bird village in wind waker on my Wii U. What other platforms is this on?
how long have Koroks been in the zelda series?
im guessing that your favorite pokemon is oshawott?
Link swims backwards at the speed of sound no biggy
I gotta add the bot to my chat LMAO
are you posting this on speedrun.com? or is this just for fun
Also abt playing gg later, I gotta study and do homework so I gotta focus on that.
Wow! you were third? thats amazing!
I see. that would be nice
what is that tower they raised?
ok thanks! the game is really interesting
the koroks are definitley more friend like than breath of the wild
ive never been on your twitch before do you just do zelda wind waker, or do you do other games?
what was the puzzle you skipped?
I must study for a test now. thanks for the entertainment! will totally watch again
thanks! I will most likely be there twozdai
they all forgot where home was
the clip was for entertainment purposes to keep the pacepals here
time to make a red potion at whatever his name is
but you have access to it earlier
I thought you were gonna GG/KOF
Can you hook Dark Lord Siroth up with the PhantomGamesBot?
smh I can't set it to never unpin
yeah but it will disappear after the stream is over
I think he would appreciate it
Why is Tornado jump needed to avoid the bullets?
does your previous time include these skips?
Its hard doing it slow how are you sposed to do it fast
Even I could do that with practice
How much harder would it be if you put yourself in front of one bullet and just before the cannons get in the middle of the path?
oh its this type of player
yoooo get fucking 1 and doned
that's just a quick lil 3.5 hour reset
I fought every single canon lol
I have yet to see FD
50 meter exists to reversal super
but tbf I never was underleveled for bowser when they were in LUL
yeah and i'd grind out the bullets too if I needed
I cant hear what you're saying but ye you seem to get it now
yeah, the more even the playing field is for the rando, the better. I don't mind some things getting removed
there's like a good balance in randos where reading logic should be more advantageous than perfect execution
anyways wanna race RE1 Rando Kappa
oh unrelated to anything pape, have you seen that MMBN3 has gotten some rando work in archipelago?
I think a sweaty combo killed you there
yeah, I think it's almost in beta, just some big bug squashes
damn. i've yet to play any of them, just have seen you and a few others play BN3, looks very fun
oh wait is 6 the one you've done?
do you know a charged dust combo
that's how I usually punish ram super
yeah goldlewis obviously fucking nukes you
so if the wall is gonna break and won't kill I just do that and it normally kills
is there like a lot of diagonal running? I feel like oddly that'd get annoying to me lol
oh that sounds like a whole thing LUL
oh this is deeeeep in the discord of archipelago LUL
like future games threads, where people talk about what they are working on it. I think digiholic?
might screenshot it and put it in your discy if you are interested just to know?
but yeah, saw BN3 and was like "i feel like phantom would like this" lol
or least find it interesting haha
LUL yeah I think the problem with some of the proposed games is just.... like not every game needs a rando
stardew already has had a beta for the multiworld
yeah I was playing the rando when it was just a decoupled rando and was like "man this would be sick with logic" lol
I haven't but I got every update for it lol
I still need to play it vanilla I think
just a quick 30 minute intro np
Seeing the slow dash makes me cringe lolol
that's why I haven't tried it yet too, there's an update like 3 times a week squashing bugs
you know what has a surprisingly good rando? Wario Land 3
ohhhh SMRPG rando is supposed to be really solid too
I mean it's well documented too as far as learning
yeah that was fun to watch
goddd that's so terrible to think of but also super fair LUL
just gotta slip in some glitches when no one's looking and BAM
oh good just in time for Prologue
the eternal battle of "man I dont like this run but man I dislike prologue and chapter 1 more"
I had a down input eaten in a run and saved and quit after the summit cutscene lmfao
oh and the everywhere wallet drop, classic
I love that room so much
whoever designed that room deserves a trophy
*drops a single coin in the worst possible spot*
I just blame mario at this point
like bro just hang onto your shit
inb4 this seed sends you to Prologue
make sure that oob thing doesn't mess you up.
damn I only get the last one
tricks you don't know how to do?
raw sword super should do 75%
I've been helping prixmiz with the ram Axl mu
t character tilts me so much
she's just playing a different game
I offer "coin", you receive "coin"
hey just a tip I think this might not actually be glitchless
that's supposed to be a star piece
but why wouldn't you find other partners
oh yeah, partners usable anytime is very interesting lol
i've played with this setting exactly once and it was on accident
but not in fights, I am assuming?
at least physic glitches are allowed?
as in more right than up
ur notch + hold downright also could make the difference
lmao winger.  the only reversal in the game worse than calamity one
laki breaks this chapter so much
imagine if you got bombette in 6 and laki in 1
Phantom5800: I wish I had a fright jar
mx_four: Phantom5800: I wish I had a fright jar
so I knew it was going to be fun
nice group you got there with a bunch of people you've heard of
I don't know anyone in my group. It's a mystery
I think the last time I played rando was that seed you redeemed lmao
I was disappointed that I can't glitch the fuck out of the races
I would only do league if I could be in the same group as the lemons guy
ive become a glitch guru lately and I would've loved to flex
I kinda think that too, but I'll find out soon
I'm surprised a glitched ruleset/meta hasn't happened at all
Phantom5800: i'll just squirt on them
two peas in a pod hivemind etc etc
id just do race settings but no holds barred
beat it however you want etc
I find those to be the most fun
if I know how to do them im down for them in logic
2 honey ultras and a jelly super lmao
slow go would've helped beat them surely
slow go is against my religion
also I agree it is a bad idea
that upgrade block is the hardest to hit
is that life shroom repeatable? I think it is iirc?
jump up 6 times, hold up, then right, then tap down, spin right
that's usually how I fail it too lol
nah he's gonna be like 2 hours
getting me first then im leading to him to you
phantom got TWO CAPPED on bloopa
also ye should uninstall strive before frostys
then I'll be free when I get back
a two cap is as many jumps as 2 chainz has chainz
how quickly people wake up to strive
once they touch another fighting game
I played it cause winning was fun
am I wrong phantom? does my truth scare you
bab y seed you have gear
I'm very glad to have a ww pb that doesn't do pg skip
I think i'd rather climb the tree and do lzs
Also I will not forgive your bot for saying "Hurr durr feet fetish funny" in my chat immediately after I PB
you couldn't make me get clippy a third time in the same route if you tried
What if I asked very nicely
Ouch. She was in the lava
why did u let sushi die to leve 3 times
She looked like she was in pain.
Does glitch logic account for partners always usable?
I assumed so too, I guess a lot of the hard tricks are ones to skip partners?
the hardest trick is using a partner to get places
it's the one where you open the partner menu
we peach warped without warping to peach
just got home from the dentist what did I miss
He cheated and skipped the piranha plant boss
Wdym? Chapter 5 has no bosses Kappa
You have Ultra Stone now so you can get AOE on either partner
Why is sushi useless? FP cost?
what about these settings makes you unsure of youre ability to beat this?
is English raph skip on or something?
reverse bridge is irrelevant as soon as you have sushie
I decided to acually do a rando earlier today and got stuck for 2 hours looking for palace key as my go mode item
yeah, GK had dolly and goombaria had palace key
I think it was my last location, or it was one of the last couple unless I forgot something else
partners usable without having them is so boring
it's funny that the supposed easy mode setting is actually hard mode
Yeah, itll be strange not seeing Phantom getting frustrated because he cant find Watt
in that seed though I was insanely powerful super fast, I went danger mario in less than an hour
Its often the highlight of the rando.
I think truly inaccessible is impossible, but things can be placed in stupid places
Youre definitely trying to get my hopes up, arent you.
howdy yall. what's weird about these settings?
Hows it going with the Youtube sub goal.
both power plus, mega rush, power rush, close call and P+ D- I found within an hour and a half, I was leveling like crazy bc I could just 1shot everything with quake
I guess on these settings you can literally get max gear before doing a single other check huh
Well, you can beat 4 now
you missed the chest in there didnt you?
good point bot, why DID he keep string shot
Don't even need glitches for 4
are you going to go. uy things from merlee, or whomever?
Watching this game always makes me hungry with the food items.
Don't need money but a Jelly Ultra is a Jelly Ultra
you could have used the turtle to save the turtle
you're gonna sushie glitch passed that anyway, arent you?
is this increased abundance items, this seems like too many bumps
always useable partners is a wild setting
I wonder how many people have made their seeds awful thinking that would make it easier
punishment for abandoning kooper to starve to death?
Karma will force him to get Goombario and then in the Kooper fight, it will switch to Goombario.
100 is equal to vanilla, which is already extremely generous
coins are nothing to do with it
Now I'm good to leave in 20 minutes
boing did a proper valuation of items
items I value in battle: thunder rage, shooting star, repel gel, couple life shrooms... ok thats it
half your items are repel gels and stars because you put it on 125 and those are the high valued battle items
there is one thing which is that vanilla pool has a shockingly high life shroom count
so I think 100 will have less
man the desert is goofy on coinsanity
they're more common than "common" items in the vanilla pool
life shrooms are what there are a ton of
can hit me up for the current list later
I think it bases it on the total value of the pool, so it places more mid-value items
5 minutes into a seed and I almost had to reset
It just so happens that the vanilla pool is weighted toward lots of high-value items and lots of useless ones
I found goombario on a block in pleasant path and almost grabbed him
Nobody I know has EVER had an unbeatable seed, but people in discord find them all the time. What are the odds!
And yet only one that I can recall was an actual logic error
"My last 4 seeds were unbeatable, so.." wild
Now it's possible some of them turn on a bunch of glitches they can't do and get stuck that way...
oh yeah I was literally 5 minutes into this seed and died by getting first struck by a 7 scaled spy guy
Do you think sub 2 hours is possible on a race seed?
Gearless prologue start is usually monkaS
luckily all I found so far was some knowledge of items I can see but not get, and sushi in a shop
yeah, i've had some annoying fights but even 95% of those are me trying to get star spirits asap instead of logic getting me
maybe sub 2:30 if they actually let ice take out cutscenes
I never do that, I don't find it very un
Would let's say, sub-2:30 be theoretically possible on race settings with glitches?
@RavenFP I seen your tweet gg on the pb
"and you can't outdamage fuzzipede's healing" is a hilarious statement
yeah sorry about that phantom Kappa
wonder if the AI allows for it
fuzzipede gets power shocked and power bounced, this is all propaganda
Yeah, I'd probably just reset that bad boy too lol
the seed I gave you no boots power shock was 6 whoops
theoretically, forest enemies could also be unbeatable so no exp
I know I rolled some impossible seeds early on but that was.  less because the seeds were unbeatable, more because the emulator I was using then would glitch merlow, so i'd miss required items from him
A recent extreme async had you use 6FP Bomb with Flower Saver to beat 3-scaled Goomba King at level 1
I usually just play async seeds up until boots now so I don't miss out on the puzzle starts like that
though I do think my first ever seed was unbeatable since I don't think boots were accessible at all, if I remember right
ahh yes I remember that was a good seed beside that
I think I might be forced to fight some 7 scaled shy guys to get progression, at lvl 1
Oh right... my dumb brain thinking vanilla gear
In theory, that would be possible on vanilla too, you'd just have a couple more fights and some partners
Would Laki Jailbreak have been better there if you already had the first key?
ok, shy guys had nothing luckily, found train in koopa and watt in pink station
Each Bro does the same as a normal Koopa
should be like 4 when all attack right
weird start to this seed, started with bow, early checks found me nothing but sushi, then I died in toybox without saving, grabbed sushi again and went pleasant found train and portrait, but I know where weight, 2 tubba keys, and a seed are that were unreachable
thanks god the koopa bros doesn't move
Does, like, an Egg Bomb also work?
Gourmet Guy's face when Mario reaches from behind...
If only you hadn't thrown away that Stop Watch...
if I was to get a new controller for playing rando on PC what would you recommend?
im currently playing with an xbone controller
I realized recently I had been accidentally playing with forced orthogonal angles
The only easy way to use GC controllers on PC is with a Mayflash adapter.
if anyones got a link to a good one online feel free to send it my way
Basically, treats the full stick like a D-pad
Mega Quake still cheaper than Air Raid COPIUM
I've just been using standard Switch Pro
I mean, I've never played this game with notches lol
I think there are mods for like Xbox controllers that have notches
Nintendo hasn't made a (new) controller with notches in over a decade
Last Nintendo console to have notches was Wii Nunchuk/Classic
A Wii Classic with USB adapter could be a good alternative for emulation
Pretty sure you can use Classic plugged into Wiimote with BT as well
Not as good native support as the Switch but can work
my pc have bt built in
Maybe I could try using Wiichuk for this game at some point, never thought of it before
my was pre built so idk how it work but I know I have it since I did use my ps4 controller on it
Is it only end-of-chapter bosses that are uncapped?
I've seen some N64 controllers with USB cable. I don't know how reliable could they be tho
kooper doesnt reach far enough for you to get the item on the roof in blue station right?
k thought so, I saw the weight there and im tring to find the winged dingus
Would one less charge + a partner attack have worked well?
in koopa fort, killed the koopa in the first room, he dropped a coconut, full inventory, tossed it, went to use the key to get through, coconut lands on me as im trying to use the key and it just crashed
Add it on the pile of "pick up an item while doing something else" crashes
welp, I last saved like 20 minutes ago, I think this seed is become abandon
Don't want your Life Shrooms back?
was that a fucking Prison key in the star piece shop
oh god guess it not boss rush
awww he's playing in the tree
Even when partners are scarce, you won't take WeLoveGoombario ?
What's these special settings you may/may not beat?
imagine if partner thing didn't work and all you had to work off was goombario for 2:30 hrs D:
I feel like a long-lasting goombario seed would HAVE to be a plando by this point
Partners always usable can also make routing hard if everything is open
Part of the reason racers like closed world
I feel really bad, I had no idea what the letter shuffle would actually do tbh I should have just left it unchecked. BUT you are doing amazing!
IMO letter shuffle is probably more fun than panels, at least there's a way to know what you need to g back for
What are you going to do with all that money and food?
mario is gonna open up a checking account
Throw it on the ground or finish with it in your inventory
Laki not being a boss probably an oversight
man mario is gonna be fat after this run with all of these feasts
Maybe bring it up in Discord
Did you give the letter to Frost T while you were over there?
maybe a limit on how many times you can use it in a seed / how long you can go between uses?
my thought for limiting the number would be so if you don't need it at all, you can pass on it entirely, but if you're having trouble, you can avoid 1-2 last locationings
that way it wouldn't massively take away anyone's advantage from doing a weird check + getting a game-changer
lol I never use her just cuz it's a pain to go trek that far out just for her
...... maybe put the hints on talking to goombario / goompa?
Looks like all you had to do was ask LUL
wI have no idea if u said anything cuz I had like a 2 min ad lol
it wouldn't be starting right out the gate but at least it can be something set for a consistent place (after getting first hammer)
Np I had llike 6 and they dissapeared cuz I made the mistake of announcing it before raidingaha damn
I got quite far in my first hour flower fields unlocked with lakilester and got super booots had weight off the hop
Im not done yet im too tired
it'd definitely be worse to wait if it's the same hint + is only a tier or two up in logic from hammer
honestly I don't see a way for hints to be implemented in races that's fair lol
not unless it's specifically implemented to try to give newer racers a chance against more experienced ones who would rather take the checks than the time loss of the hint
but I could see that option getting.  p divisive p fast too so
no that's fourth.  third was outside goomba village
Prison Keys but no Bowser Keys = Shortened Castle?
honestly, i'd almost be curious if goombario would be more commonly saved if he was buffed enough to be a feasible alternative to power bounce if you can't find it or it's super high cost
isn't it 3 2 1 for his damage
oh yeah I meant buffed beyond vanilla lol
or buff his charge to be closer to super jump charge
Cutscene shortenings are in the base mod, no?
have a good night, and ggs phanto274BLANKIES
are these seeds with the update we've been hoping for
Also I signed up for the league too
If you start with a specific partner Ill eat my laptop, make your pick
Ok Ill pick due to time restraints, uhh Bombette
I never have to see that stupid bean grow again dayJoy
text and picking up items feels faster
God my chat is lagging like hell
Sorta worked someone else say something
Ya its slow but it works now Lemme such move on over to PC
233 even though I already saw the 2 when I formulated this guess
I mean twitch mobile made me look like a cheater who made a typo but
that feels like a few weird last location places
Is Mystery Note really needed? Can it be removed from the item pool?
should I be expecting faster things in combat or outside
time to get a little wood
I have a feeling anti guy might be in logic, just cause lemon is there
Im saving up for that casual playthrough. What are your limits? Not sure what game to pick yet. Crosscode has been a lot of fun, but you would probably have to buy that
If I do something like Crosscode, Ill submit a backup I know you dont have to buy.
so we'd even get a new check then?
Sleeping in Marios house is way too hidden. At least do any bed.
The only thing at Marios house is Luigis diary.
And you cant even steal it and give it to the town gossip
Just sleep in Toad Town which is the nearest point to the forest.
Its just an extra check. Not like it will be hidden behind blue key while red key is in the gulch.
Sounds like you are selling yourself on the idea. I do agree with your logic, you seem to hate going to ch3.
at a Frosty's pre-local. 74 asked staff to put your stream on a TV, and they did
Thats cool, is this happening right now.
Do people see all my dumbass comments.
Was that 1 fp for reg and 4 fp? Wow
the only bad thing so far has been badges and powershock
Was that 1 fp for reg and 4 fp? Wow
He went into the code and shortened the cutscenes just 4 u
ngl, I was tempted to call the patch file "ioweicebound.bps". but alas
When phantom becomes an esteemed megaman battle network romhacker you'll get a freebie
look what happened to pokemon crystal
our bitching for faster cutscenes worked
im glad, looking forward to trying some of it
I'm super excited for short cutscenes
yo rigby check discord I found out my internet still works
more sub 3s would be hype
just mashing through tubba bridge smash, planting beanstalk, riding beanstalk are over a minute by themselves
no key no boots tubba castle is ummmmmm
also, no more kammy is pretty pog
no kammy probably saves a minute itself right?
42 second battle plus 15 sec of cutscene
you can thank pronyo for all the cutscene stuff btw. he just was like "yo I hate these cutscenes, imma work on them now" and just went to town
Did you get kopper or not ?
all these cutscenes shortened but I ain't happy until this puzzle is presolved
I noticed since that was allowed for races, I seen a lot more super boots in sewers seeds
ok goomba king is a good check now
I mean, I guess it was faster
did end of chapters get any faster?
I want to be able to walk in and the fight just start
I always though goomba king was an okay check and I agree exp from high scale is also worth
id rather do a high scale oomba king than low any day, regardless of my reward
goomba king free but im terrified of red and blue goomba
oh yeah I never find myself using mega shock
there was a stretch of time where I was getting laki as last item like every seed
Supposedly, dungeon shuffle tends to give Kooper earlier
dungeon shuffle will be so cool
I might have to play a rando later to try it out
dungeon shuffle is mostly cool for the weird logic changes
train is definitely the biggest offender
pretty sure chapter 6 is always 6
Which is worse to have on Palace: Toybox or Flower Fields?
just have full gear shuffle on, never have to worry about doing 5 early :)
I could see dungeon shuffle being more managable if there was more than one homeword type shroom where you could unlock warps to certain towns.
So cutscene changes retroactively apply? Neat
oh shit I just gen a seed to check and the whole chapter 6 is in kbf
I get here in the best part of the run
So how's the seed treating you? I missed the first hour
See, I don't know if I thought this seed was bad either at this point in the run...
I wonder if Plando is a thing for this randomizer yet? I'm personally saving up my points for when it is, got some ideas for a seed.
I dont mind no weight but it definitly feels like those seeds are slower
plando but everything is in toad town
phantom how many subs to do a rando seed or does it gotta be channel points?
axl gave me the worst seed to race him in last night
In that case, I hope they will have a way to tell if a seed is Plando or Rando when you send it to someone.
jade raven has 2 modes. third item you find, or third from last
didn't you get the crystal berry at one point, it wasn't marked off
I imagine any cutscenes like this one that involves a moving platform or stairs probably can't be shortened.
I finally got a run in Harvest moon im content with so I hope to just start pape grinding again tonight
I should really do a seed before my league race sunday
god ive gotta pay more attention I see no difference in the cutscenes rn
Looking forward to not fighting Kammy at the end
if you hadn't missed the shell shot...
why aim when you can... not do that?
now anti guy is in logic
why do you have 15hp btw
oh ok that makes sense. thouht you were channelin my 9 year old self maybe
Oh yeah, question. What would the icon be at the top if you added one for Dungeon Shuffle?
Yeah, this seed starts fine then hits you hard
I'm like 30 hours into persona 4 and I just figure out how to get new weapons  LUL
you have to sell materials to the weapon shop guy
The next update to the randomizer should be a cosmetic option to shut up the yoshi's. XD
So you did also go through forest 3 times, was curious how you'd play that part
Oh yikes, I just noticed the Dark Lord is in the party. Was it a seed starting with them or did they ambush you?
Not a fan of fright jar, huh?
I forgot this seed had Goombario start lol
I dont think Ive ever used one.
We're close to the "fun" part btw
The reason I sent this seed
Maybe I shouldn't have said anything
Rooting for Red Key locked behind blue key.
Fun fact: this is actually not even the first time I've had Kooper there
You say you never have to double-dip volcano, I rolled 2 seeds back-to-back that required double-dipping for that check. I chose to submit this one bc it's funnier for Kooper to be there
These spinies were made for clippy
these koopas were made for clippy
3 with its 1 and a half required fights
the difficulty o ch1-3 is pretty whatever. a high 1 is good exp, otherwise its whatever
1 and 3 can be rough if you don't have the right partners but in practice that doesn't happen often
So, uh, for a race seed, this is...
I guess more free power for LP?
Was there another reason to leave immediately?
Let the hatred flow through you like the farts of a thousand suns.
Lots of key items on Kooper blocks this seed... including Kooper...
Kooper is the highlight of the seed but that doesn't mean there isn't more garbage yet to come
We love getting 3-capped by LP
phantom I did the shuffle entrance, beat tutan, saved at the toggle screen and CRASH, I booted up from the title screen and INSTANT CRASH OMEGALUL
now I can watch the race lul
so much fp and no hp
You can flip panels now if you feel so inclined
yay I caught a live one again
I need a distraction from today, how ya doin Phantom?
been awhile since I been on a live so good to be back hehe
seems like you deep into this one
well guess I'll be surprised~ something to look forward to
Then again, you haven't gotten to some of the bigger ones yet
Looking foward to not watching this staircase for instance
ya know as a kid on a crt I always thought the hair curls on the magic ladies were their arms doing the pose from The Scream painting
ohhh so those two are def shortened. The star stone for sure saves time
Should just be on top of the ice pillow when you enter.
Inching towards progress while the world burns. Humanitys motto.
Star Stone staircase, beanstalk, and Kammy I'm all excited to see gone
I wonder if they cut the joke kooper thing
Removing that one in particular affects logic
Do those people actually play these seeds?
how? you need kooper to get here
huh... I had not thought of that
As of now, it's also the only required hammer use that can't be skipped with glitches
is there really no use for a hammer in the entire chapter
also yeah faster minh T is cool
that kinda blows my mind wow
I think there are still some hammer-locked checks but it's the only thing that prevents a hammerless seed altogether
goodness, this seed is still going
Ready to get 0 XP for this chapter? YEP
um? you get the satisfaction of saving flower fields? what kinda hero are you
also nice cutscene skip there, thats another minute
I dunno man I think thee are great
I don't know how much of ch3 got gutted
they didnt cut the tubba eating?
Until they kill the Mayor Penguin and his wife, I would not be satisfied
very close for go mode now
..oh right... For some reason my brain said we did chapter 7
Most are probably nothing, except for moles.
This is what I'm looking forward to...
Still have to watch that part... still an improvement, I guess
Talking to the tree before planting the seeds is silly and unnecessary.
Hes too cool for palace key.
it do be cold up there
the bridge hates you too. it shot you twice
it skipped the dialogue getting into the bowser no?
or was that an old skip
I'm behind on streams so maybe thats it
So ch1 saves are Kooper's shell, Fortress trap, Koopa Bros. pre-fight
Eldstar giving the smooch ability is weird.
@pethanct01 only if you're a coward
The biggest saves are in 3, 6, 7, 8, and several of them not until late in the chapter
man I want to stay but the sandman is taking me
1 has the ones I listed and 2, 4, 5 each have literally one shortened cutscene lol
And 2 is just Buzzar lol
Boos holding the door also faster
Not sure if or how that affects text skip
just need that red key now
did you roll htis seed after the update?
I rolled this seed before but it got patched
so pronyo looked into my crash, and said itll happen everytime on console KEKW
beating ruins always feels hit-or-miss for crashes lol
yeah, I just hope its exclusive to dungeon shuffle. I have a race tomorrow lol
I remember I can never beat it with sushie since it crashes every single time
So, now that you're in go mode, how was the seed?
I figured volcano + moles + Blooper made a decently trash seed
The other seed was also weird, Crystal Palace double dip for Bombette
I come back at the end 8l dang
I think you get like a free minute against final at least
I'm going to really pay attention to time the boss intermission with new cutscenes
That is significant  based on how unmovable those mods sounded on the subject.
Hey Phantom! Hope the seed has treated you good phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
I ignored pleasant for like an hour and a half because I had to chose between watt and weight, or paying kent, take a guess as to who or what was in koopa village
Apparently Jr. pre-fight was shortened, wonder if the Koopa Bros are still there
Never seen that fight drop anything, huh
oh no, moles had something good for once?
it was bombette, she was on the block in koopa
I love getting off work and being able to come hang out here phanto274BLANKIES
it's like he knows what you want lol
Moral of the story: Feeling Fine is terrible. Never use it. Use Goombario instead.
wait does feelingfine take away your Repel Gel?
wow I see now why that badge sucks
55 seconds from clicking Star Beam to regaining control of menu
Don't know how much the faster text saved but a minute between that and no Kammy fight
Its fine. Most people couldnt beat 4 hre
Do it we he need's more subs
subscribe for more awesome content phanto274Mash
Not sure if he let the credit go on Youtube let's hope for that hehe
Be sure to hit that subscribe button and hit that bell for all notifications
but if he does Hi Future me hope you have a nice day/night
whats the sleep odds on blooper
dont have any dials, but I have sleep and its only 1 bp 1 fp
missed 90% of the last seed. did we figure out why its faster? haha
The power of the Paper Mario Bestiary
god I saw dizzy stomp idk where it was though, I just dont have good offense currently
in exchange for using ad block on YT
another sub 3:30 so I'm happy :)
it could have been faster, but I was chicken at times
I beat 2 chapters in 1:15 but that may have been the seed
What was Kooper doing in the ground? You're not a plant. Kappa
ok nice, 1fp sleep stomp is nice, chain sleeping super blooper wasnt even that bad
also, I never found power bounce, d-down jump, or super jump charge
This is new information to me.
there was a lot of things noticably faster and I loved it
I will say... I do miss killing Kammy Koopa
mainly because it pisses haha because he says "you killed GRANDMA"
how long did it take u to memorize the recipes
This seed is being nice... too nice
It can act as a weight though. Kappa
lol just asked that because I saw the oops all mysteries vod where y had inf life shrooms
"take this child, get him out of my home"
I think the last race seed was Goombario having Dolly
like you dick you took your sisters doll
traps on? idk race settings too well
@x_the_g00n_x Luigi's not even Top 10 on his list. :(
I would've got it wrong. LUL
two 1's back to back. LUL
Might as wellllac money on it
god this is awful, my options right now are check third floor tubbas and hope that one check is progression, or fight chapter 7 scaled moles
its either that or third tubba key is vanilla and rowf has something on 1 chapter completed
does rando affect run away chance
ok, 2nd tubba key locked a 1bp close call, and the key check in the clubba room was nothing, so its fucking 7 scaled moles
Yes, time to save the babies~
holy shit ok moles isnt that bad, I forgot I had mega quake, I can go danger mario, lose my FP and deal exactly 10 and have just enough BP to equip power plus, mega quake and power rush, then stock up on honey to be able to repeatedly do 5 FP mega quakes
yeah im dealing exactly enough and have exactly enough BP to equip everything to do it
fucking storeroom key moles, storeroom had third tubba key and dictionary
dictionary is nothing, so my progression has to be on rowf after 1 chapter
im mildly annoyed bc I had 2 checks, checked the castle, had nothing, fought moles, and that leads me BACK to castle to get progression
also this was a required double dip since seed was on the table
But now, you can save 2 coins. PogChamp
I gotta head out but silently lurking has been fun
gonna stay here to farm points tho
if my progression in rowf is fucking star stone im going to stab someone
rowf had nothing what the hell am I missing
this old fuck was holding a hostage
ive been last locationed 3 times this seed
you have selected the option of ELONGATING cutscenes
beanstalk will grow so tall you can see it on the moon in ttyd
"I'm going to squirt on Blooper" -Phantom2023
jade raven, pyramid stone, star stone, bean, AND pulse stone
ayo, they got my crash fixed
pronyo came in rigby and paperarios streams to let them know
something I wanted to ask, I dont blame you if you say no...
would you consider updated the tracker for entrance shuffle?
how do you do the block puzzle skip in jungle consistently?
its like tilt to the right then slightly down
Entrance rando must be a lot to keep track of.
I struggled with it yesterday then got it in like half a second just now lol
Watch for Mario to start the block pushing animation then move up
it is dragons, I couldnt get to volcano until I found warehouse key
using an un-notched controller so I dont even have notches to recognize angles and do stuff like that consistently
ive ordered a mayflash and im getting one of my old gcn controllers from my dads place, ive just gotta replace the sticks on it
what was your time on your first seed?
I got that in a pape races, never came close again lol
Nah 2 Ruins Keys instead Kappa
pretty sure ive seen art of that
My favorite bombet is yellow, reminds me kirby
we both got sub 3:10 and it felt like the faster cutscenes made a good difference
jfc I missed an action command, got 0-3 close calls and died to lava piranha phase one
p up d down screwing me over
I was missing one item for go mode and I had the entirety of 7 and 6 to check. that was not a decision I ever want to make again
I made the wrong choice lmao
died to fucking chapter 2 scaled lava piranha phase 1, thats awful
I probably would have made the same call in that position cause you were able to beat 7
hard to say cause yeah 6 checks are p good
but 7 stuff is in your way
I got the last seed from snowman gift and I felt the seed wanted me there. but I was in 7 with the ability to beat it
was hard to say no to that
It'll just be Bow in Ruins
How cursed is this seed so far? Have we seen the Dark Lord?
I'm surprised this one didn't get touched
cause all the other no text ones did
my name is nick horvath and I amassed a great deal of wealth managing a latex factory in vietnam. I retired at 37 and now I split my time summering in portland maine and wintering in paradise california. i'm here seeking a soulmate (female) with whom I can wind down the rest of my days. I enjoy stoking a roaring fire in my marble hearth and reading speculative historical fiction. i'm also a capable chef and I enjoy cooking salisbury steak braised in a red wine reduction Cheer100 Cheer100
Maddi is the best at this copy pasta thing
I have to double take. What are those atrocious Bombette costs? LUL
oh.  oh no.  i've been looking away during every possible bombette cost + finally caught her
44 Star Points from one of the Pokey fights, whoa
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a seagull. I know there's a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I'm different. On December 14th, I'm moving to Yoshi village; home of the great Ezekiel. I've already grafted feathers to my arms, and now I flap everywhere I go as training. I may not be a seagull yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest seagull ever. Thank you all.
we agreed to a trade of amazing colors for cursedness
Also my test tomorrow got canceled
I think some of those they just sped up the animations
the animation sounded faster for that
that one the Koopa usually looks down at his work and checks it. The shortened is maybe 3s faster
what was the total cutscene time Icebound found in that one seed of yours, around 30mins?
It's gotta be less than that now between faster text and shorter cutscenes
god I have 8bp last stand
Even say 35 mins for cutscene time, that's still a lot :/
I actually might time the run of my seed
Still looking for Bow/4th Ruins Key for 7 to be in logic, huh
I offered twitter absolute chaos for the pape rando seed
oh does that mean you're not telling your crush you like them then
I wanted my twitter romance arc
that guy literally nutted for his favorite food
Not skipping the moles this time I guess that means she has nothing.
Or it means that Phantom is having flashbacks to the few times moles had something
Moles had red key in the last seed earlier tonight.
He skipped it because they were ch1 scaled.
so ive had you up on my tv all evening and this seed is giving me laugh fits
I feel like being a menace tonight
Imagine if this was required for the artifact LUL
also laki smoked some of that gas station reefer
mr mario, I dont feel so good.....
Bow is a pretty important item in the Ocarina of Time randos as well.
It makes sense Laki is hanging around looking for Dr. Mario Kappa
with that pallette, laki actually transitioned into lulu, and this zombie is what was left behind
Green laki looks like he is sick
OR green Laki is just a leprechaun
A green leprechaun riding his cloud of gold
it's amazing he's not in the er
one koopa's treasure is another man's trash
Is this guy a super boss?
In a seed like this, it was only a matter of time until Dark Lord Goombario appeared
Its almost like we see Bow here a lot in 7 is she is not in the overworld
I went to go wait for my dinner downstairs 15 minutes ago bc it had said they left at 11:39 then it took forever to get here
honestly, with it taking that long, I bet they fuckin dropped it on the way to the car and had to remake it
ah you are probably right about having to remake it then
Maddi has stream tag SingleClippyNoDoublesHere KEKW
Its beautiful to see the tracker fully filled out
rolf must be prepared for if the shy guys come back for his calculator
I came up with the idea today to have 2 sets of your star spirits, 1 for chapter scaling and the other chapter shuffle
All you need to do is just check volcano vase for the memes and fully clear the tracker POGGERS
This seed is screenshot worthy for the tracker being fully cleared and filled out phanto274Smile
easiest chapter for last, yes we love an easy ending
Thats amazing. We only beat then 5 minutes ago and the Koopa bros are back
so what's new with all sanity?
any reason rowf and merl0w are there? feel like its implied by first icon
gonna do some fusion runs while watching
I booted up FP to check something, but figured Id ask you if you knew about it
yesterday I was doing cannon fight at KBF and was able to target the cannons with my hammer. Icebound didnt even know about that.
not buying the coin for 1 coin Sadge
but I thought with hammer you could only target the front
but that fight was different, Im test it in FP now
wait can you battle/attack normally if you start without boots or hammer? never thought about that jcogThink
I got my raphnet today, im down to a single adapter now LUL
oooh okay okay, I thought it might do that LUL
I got a vaniilla chpater 6
what's the longest you've ever gone without boots
the 1 seed I gave u u didn't get boots for 1 hour 30 mins
how high can prices be in shops
what makes this new sanity? :o
might be some cool logic with dungeons shuffle
I think itll lead to more backtracking basically
@blacktiger51 I needed warehouse key and star stone to enter volcano KEKW
crazy rando has only been out for a year
this game and oot are amazing randos
I was late and still missed it
24 minutes into the fusion seed, and I just got bombs
its really cold over here -30 c
id melt in that right now
California is only cold during Dec and Jan
most be nice I would never buy a winter jacket ever again if it was like that over here
tbh seattle weather sounds perfect for me
but it gets freakin hot over here
I like rainy dark days mostly
idk if ive seen weight before boots lol
1 step closer to autograph FeelsOkayMan
dungeon entrance rando but it includes bowser and peaches catle
had to take the trap l
thanks god that was a trap
though I'm guessing only way to final Bowser would still be star haven
only reason I say that is because otherwise you could end up with a seed that just takes you straight to Bowser without actually beating any chapters
it would just be one of the many parts of logic
make the rocket car at star mountain have another option to final bowser after getting 7 spirits
maybe the game give u star beam after 7 ss and the rocket car can just take you to a random chapter
dude I just played 4 hrs with this rando, just for it to cut my ass NotLikeThis
just realized entrance rando would probably mean 20+ entrances that just lead to the beginning of forever forest
sry. it was 5.5 hrs. my bad
I dont think forever forest would have much since all the wrong paths lead to the beginning
when u find the forest it will just be the whole forest
how many entrances are total in desert
maybe just make the wrong exits lead back to the same room you're already in
I GUESS WE IN THE VOLCANO
I think there's a movie about this
toad town is gonna be doom after we beat volcano
woahhh all these sanity and all these partners already lol
as a viewer, I hope you never find boots
oh dear that is awful, with 512 rooms that's like, every other room has a way into the desert
All sanity rando? So everyone and everything has a Goombario sprite then yes? Kappa
oh technically 297, 1 extra on each side + dry dry ruins
I have cursed all bosses knowledge :)
pushing the toad saves a minute plus over baking the cake :)
Junmpless is quite the time LUL
Oh yeah all that for a starpiece
The legendary dip into 7 without boots
buy golden credit to solve money problems
yea I felt it would be faster just didnt think it would be that significant lol
it is but early whale is more cringe tbh
if the toad were just at the edge of the dock, or if you could clip out with fishmael somehow we'd live in a better world
what happens if you use FP turbo with slow go Kappa
They cancel each other out; which causes Mario to instantaneously combust
idky but I really like letter sanity. making mailmen rewarding
idk how to feel about the invis blocks setting
can you hit them from above with super if theyre invis?
I assume youd have to be below it while doing the second input
5 frame perfect inputs sounds free
good job mario very helpful in that fight
I entered KBF with turbo on and mario is stuck on stair case underwater
rare chan actually getting to attack fight
I like that his hair spins
im enjoying this seed so far
whats the movement for under stiar case skip?
took me awhile to get that axl
How did Koopa Koot's wallet end up in the jungle?
I got it but no idea how lol
He must have when he took a trip to the island.
In exchange for some coins, you got a red berry
power bombs were behind yellow security, which was behind bombs, which was behind varia suit
what sucks more, doing dishes or doing laundry?
I just washed so many dishes hagg420
laundry if we talkin by hand
oh heck no not by hand
dishes makes me feel like I got stuff done at least
my laundry sucks too cuz I dont have one in my apt I gotta walk to it on the complex lol
Dishes are definitely annoying but depending on how much laundry you have, it can get pretty tedious
I hate doing laundry, with washing dishes you only have to prewash and load in and you are done, laundry you have to wash, dry, fold and then do it all again
Laundry I gotta clear up my whole schedule LUL
dishes, hurts my back from standing
lol guess parakarry over them doesnt work?
I just realized you dont hvae jump and thats why you've been using parakarry
Why do they call it "All Sanity" when it lacks *any* sanity? 
@JansaRuzi Because it's so insane it becomes sane
did you see about the funney bug
where you're actually way more likely to be given parakarry early than jump early
Think about it. If everything's insane, then it becomes the norm
you need all the sanity to get through it?
If only you had hammer throw
oh right, effectively free partner swap
r we fighting super blooper now
uhhhhhh anywhere else to check LUL
anywhere else you know the glitch to reach but haven't been?
can sushie to prologue without boots but it's annoying
oh yeah don't do first time bootless, it's harder for sure
yea this formation should give at least slightly more coins
there's parakarry mansion entry, not too hard
I didn't realize you could get upstairs
gloombas are your best bet I think
it's the damage he takes divided by 2 are the coins added to your reward
Are there new sanities or am I dumb lolol
bush outside mansion is a worthless item?
You have access to Dark Koopas, right? Don't know if you can beat them quickly though
I guess not just for selling, also knowing if the renewable item is useful for battle or not
oh! I won my first league match last night. I'm all pumped now PrideLaugh
if I play well, I feel like I can dominate the group ohheyi30LOL
if u go back u have to fight jr tho
you can't take the pipe to ch3?
sorry, I just like your emotes PrideLaugh
What are you grinding coins for btw?
Have you entered "toybox" and "fortress" yet?
Did you do all the coin checks in volcano with Kooper?
you have to get all 4 flower seeds too? this is rough
also I like all the cutscene skips, but I'm sad because no more AngyTwink fight
you cant get the thing u can parakarry too after super blooper
Can you hit the blocks past Dark Koopas? Since you mention it...
he did, that's where second hammer was
is there a doc that shows all the things that are randomized this seed. I don't know the 3rd or last ones
time to kill a squid with eggs
but I'm le tired. Okay take a nap, THEN FIRE ZE MISSILES
yeah, I forgot about the eccentric toad when I was 100% playing this game
ok. what was the 3rd from the end. I thought that was the dojo
I was so disappointed as a kid
you mean a maple syrup and 2 tayce t foods aren't good???
didn't expect Super to be that stunnable
bring an item WITHIN FIVE MINUTES
What kind of black magic shit
it's shopsanity, rowf, merlow, keysanity, coinsanity, mail rewards, star piece locations, dojo, koot rewards, trading toad
oh I remember that one, super disappointed as a kid
I wanna learn the mash technique lolol
extra level and one more missile?
yeah the one miss on Power Shock
yeah 98sp is why I mentioned
this is silly, I like it
now u can miss 1 power shock
What are you hoping to find?
I think boots is the main thing rn tho
lol when you said anything I thought goombario too
I think youll find laki before boots
my money's on ultrahammer behind super blooper for LP into Rowf
@cpunkc because of the generator bug, decent chance you're right
so its either boots and raven over here then
Can you get to the spike room without boots?
Basically this fight is either super worth it, or a waste of time lmao
it has to be worth, there's literally nothing else
I mean there's no other checks at this point right
this was an unfortunate set of events
I cant even get half way LMAO
I need to figure out a better mashing method first
nope I don't think I could beat super blooper like this
I wish to mash like you
May the mash be with you
i'm curious, what mashing method are you doing?
have you ever tested your mash with a rom to see what your max is
15 is optimal for this game in particular
I average 11 and cap at 12.5 lol
my avg is like 8 LOL
idk whats a good drop in this game LOL
not quite 2 hour boots Sadge
we can finally play the game
I mean, you were short exactly 1 coin earlier LUL
Lets go being able to use the shortcuts
this is a new record for longest time without boots
I missed it. what was it?
I've kinda learned how to jump over that one goomba now
does this one have traps too?
imagine allsanity with glitches in logic
was gone for like 20 minutes, did I miss much
cocnut LMAO I'm calling it that from now one PrideLaugh
Looks like Crystal Palace might be in Ruins or 6
phantom tracker was ahead of its time
oh this is an entrance rando too. I didn't know that
Vanilla scaling on the areas themselves?
yo Jaye! How'd your race go?
nice nice, I was there for the beginning
gotta love finishing some cider by just putting a big comment saying "this is what it's supposed to do and the whole thing needs to be redone good luck"
yeah, I didn't have chat up so I couldn't see what you were saying ohheyi30LOL
11:30 was too late for me to stick arouund
I went to read chat after I signed off
lmao I was like what does cider have to do w anything @RubixTheSlime
I left a few messages about racetime I hope you found useful
Zebra was the one I was really scared to challenge too
who left bombs on the bed?
when would Mega Smash be a good badge to use? I've always wanted to use it, but I never have a good reason for it
@ohheyitjaye when you are stuck with Goombario Kappa
ahhh yess, to wipe Goombario out of existence. got it PrideLaugh
I always take for granted how much being able to jump with boots locks
I wait to see the seed that one day gives vanilla Goombario no matter the settings
Literally couldn't be real for multiple reasons
of course it's real. it's a real shocker
i'm sorry Phantom. I'm full of dad jokes LMAO
Wait. Thats a thing now? Its like a dream come true Kreygasm
if people didn't like dad jokes they'd be called bachelor jokes
You can clear Palace in one go... whenever you find it, that is
that's a dad joke in of itself PrideLaugh
And maybe having supers and ultra boots for palace too Kappa
Did someone talk you into this seed or was it on a whim?
cant he bush at the train station have something? or did you check it before I showed up
oh that's way easier than the other shit lmfaooo
why are they stuck? are they running into each other or what
Access to "Ruins" and "Tubba's Castle"
omg you have so much money to spend on expensive things :)
if I did things correctly, it looks like there are 1324 entrances in pape if anyone is wondering
Who's ready for Flower Fields in the middle of the desert? YEP
so 2/9 entrances go to desert yikes
ngl, I personally like doing letters in a rando
that feels super sus.  "never been to the ruins" kolorado says, having an item from the ruins
that's the thing. and it still can be like, "okay logically thinking, what I can route and what might I get next" ya know?
but I still don't like coin/panelsanity
yeah I can def see that
Remind me why you haven't put the train in?
Who put a stick of dynamite in that chest
Ruins key in the ruins too
saying hi before my league race
good luck rigby, destroy Jcog for me
I'll see what I can do
Hey I've been watching your youtube channel lately on the randomized runs! Very comfy videos to watch while laying down at night. Thanks for the content!
And more importantly you are gonna play the funny pape text thing
how many star pieces do you need
isn't the point of book of mario to dialogue?
book of mario, i'd say cheating is fine as long as we still get dialogue
Which chapter are we about to beat, I wonder?
nooooo, we don't get the "oh no Stanley, the horror of it all text"
Also nice cutscene skip, wonder if that's intentional
wait a tick, how the hell is the fight gonna work?
i'm with weegee though, how's the fight gonna work with this
yesterday I cleared koopa bros first, then had to go thru chapter 1 to get to toy box, but I didnt have my super hammer for pipes so I was forced to fight chapter 1 Jr scaled to 7 lmao Cheer100
so this is what you're up to
Is the cloud area rando'd aswell?
This bot is pretty fun. Its improved a bit from a few weeks ago.
So 3 and 6 are swapped...
I did a 380 this time
enjoy the pain that is this video game
3:49 I threw pb to crown-MH LMAO
yeah it was fast but glenn did an oopsie and stood still for a while
that costed the pb alone Kappa
^ I also did go downstairs to teach my family how to use a rice cooker
Just joined, what did the seed do to you?
Why is lily so adorable lolol
we do need Goombario for Go Mode
I mean, Goombario gave us Super Boots which is required
Did you mean to skip the bubble berry tree?
Bombed him into the mystery jar
hes not happy to see you apparently
People giving mario traps always cracks me up
everynow and then the traps make me flinch
Its a hype badge at least it was for me as a kid LUL
Did you mark it in the tracker?
did I just miss you putting the train in
3 and 6 you didn't need to change
Artifact is also in the ruins
he left a penny for your thoughts
This is too good to be true
with the new cutscene system it's possible to reverse order of general guy and lantern
Now THAT is a lantern ghost
my feeling is elevators are slow but I'm not sure
I wanna see someone add Power Plus for parents
Or is he just vanilla this time
Looks vanilla to me, hes wearing white.
Unless Im mistaken, vanilla is white.
what was that item you just used? 40fp? dont recognize it
General realized this was not a discord argument
General apparently was looking for the paper mario discord and had a few suggestions
part of the dungeon shuffle update
"100$ for twitter API" -Elon Musk
this is proguy not antiguy w that skin
The state of Twitter is big Sadge
ad revenue sharing also requires you sub to blue for 8 bucks lol
State of twitters always been sad
before an idiot ran twitter. now a bigger idiot runs twitter
Id say it has sped up with Musk involved.
I rather see Twitter now because of the bigger idiot that has no clue how to run it expect push only what he wants on it
my brother did this trick when we were younger
imagine his anger when he did all that to find a locked door
I dont like Elon but I respect him for accelerating twitters downfall
@x_the_g00n_x you just described what I have troubling articulating LUL
I still have no idea what got my old account banned. but it has also been like 7 years
Phantom has anyone ever bought VIP
@orangesya probably because you didnt lean tot he right enough for Elon in terms of politics Kappa
Social media is garbage anyway. I dont have any accounts on social media.
Oh neat, well even if Im not the first I intend to
@Trevbonk maybe I should have just been a holocaust denier and I would have gotten my account back
@orangesya ironically you probably would have LUL
Found this guy here because he was a small channel and he showed up in that feed playing a game I liked.
twitter trending is such ass now
I have discord, thats it. It sucks but it sucks less than the others. Twitter has so much people on in so its basically good for advertising and thats it
Not even good for arguments you can boot a tf2 server up for that
People shouldnt be getting news from social media, ever.
Humanity nears extinction I can feel it in my bones
well we do it to ourselves for real
Local newspaper sources are probably the best
remember when we used to look out for each other for survival
A lot of investigative journalism comes from the small outlets and with them Dying out l, our journalism is also dieing. Doesnt help that nobody wants to pay for news, so they shill for shitty ads and coickbait.
Sorry about the soapbox. Forgot myself for a moment.
Even small things. I hate the internet it seems like the majority of our species has a primal instinct to get their rocks off to anything that isnt a real human being, when like 10 years ago when I was young and stupid the worst stuff you could find was the sonic fanbase (there was bad stuff but not mainstream)
Sorry Pethanct I 1-upped ya there on the essay
Real talk. I feel like this game fleshed out Bowser as a real villain an true final boss that other games expanded on since.
we all had a bit of a soapbox here today
Oh god it took up the entire chat log and then some
Bowser in PM64 is beaten only by BiS bowser
sad I never got around to playing the m&l games
Im prone to long messages sorry bout that
When are we gonna get item colors in rando
Its fine, I felt bad about that. Its a paper mario streamer, so my comment is a little out of place
This guy is talking about yoshis while the comment section is debating the merits of journalism and teitter.
I mean, i've talked your ear off about fusion rando, so there's that
mashing power bomb on switch is so annoying. air raid/spook are p easy tho
Anyone get around to playing Pizza Tower? There are 2 games based off Wario Land 4 I wanna play releasing this year, Pizza Tower and Antonblast. The Wario Genre is on the rise and I couldnt be happier
haven't played the final pizza tower release yet but loved the demo
Ive been playing crosscode and watching this guy get mad because he has to dip into chapter 3
And generally this is a good year for releases, Pikmin 4, the Killer Bean game (like the movie, unironically good), theres more in forgettin.
wario land 4 but new and also good
Antonblast is more faithful to WL4
ever since I stopped speedrunning I havent been able to get into any new games really. low motivation
Pizza Tower feels like a beautiful mix of Sonic and Wario Land
I only played the demo tho waiting for my check to mail (old timey employers)
The randos seem to give new life to old games
A rando can make me enjoy Pokmon
And I only enjoy Pokmon games one playthrough
Randos always breathe new memes into the games that were unimaginable before as well
I prefer Shitposts to memes but I feel ya
@x_the_g00n_x even those can be great
When are we getting the Jekyll and Hyde NES rando?
@pethanct01 500 Tier-3 gift subs. that's when
Did that Boo just explode on you? Is that how repel gels are made using male boo ectoplasm Kappa
I'm sure the question has been asked 100x on what's new about this all sanity run, is there a command? also, hello. (:
@buff00n Lets get this guy to 1000 subs on Youtube first.
and its a BRAND NEW SEED
Him doing that paper mario mod with the google text would be entertaining.
i've been here since the beginning lol
Nothing wrong with some diversity, Im looking forward to it. This will be fun.
lol how many peachs castle keys have there been now
you can jump the fire bars now :)
I gotta go phones dying only plugs in use
@x_the_g00n_x are you theone sho knocks
lol 'transport u out of this scorching volcano?'
dont forget the super important dojo checks
easy to forget when volcano is nowhere near jungle
Just gonna what? The suspense is killing me.
hey I now have the best sub badge
I cant believe it been half a year already
this is very silly, but at any time were quizmo rewards randomized? since theyre star pieces
hat is cool. pants are silly tho
lol I forgot about trade quest
Time to find where the last 2 dungeons are
Palace could be vanilla :/ but at least you'd be able to beat it right away
Doing book of mario will be hard for you considering you will always have to have goombario out, wont it?
You can do maybe 1 if you haven't
has this check ever been anything
oh nice cs is short now
Ive seen it as star stone
Yes @PhantomGamesBot you are a wild ride
@iAmKrisXx Oh, and thank you for the gifted. I appreciate it. <3
Pronyo was right, CK entrance just looks normal
It doesn't look sped up, but it's like 3x as fast as vanilla, vanilla just takes forever lol
Gotta do koot. Dont get all those star pieces for nothing
Watch out for the beanstalk now (assuming that bug still exists)
can you die to the traps?
I died more to overworld traps than to bosses
I think we may have gotten the wrong autograph but Koot's too blind to notice
goomnut? aren't they in 7 store?
Probably have, doesn't need to be in a shop
Cake Mix was in 6 IIRC
How many fake ones did we see before? lol
I wanna see the spoiler log on that
I saw koot in thumbnail hows it going
So far, he had... one of the items he wanted
the 6 hour seed might be real
just missing jade raven, tubba key, and pyramid stone
you could probably actually get through the castle with all these fake keys
noise cancelling so I can be alone with my pape
Getting them to work wirelessly on windows 11 was a pain though
why are bluetooth codecs such a pain lads
I didn't want to suffer a usb dongle so instead I suffered having to go into the control panel
Now you just need 2 items for Ruins...
u need 1 items what do u mean Kappa
Does that progress advance with volcano? Since Gulch did?
Blaze it :stinkyherb:   
I was ONE SECOND too early
damn I wonder where this pulse stone is
dungeon shuffle is actually pretty cool
Interesting chase sequence, will tubba run through Toad Town to get to windmill?
I had a feeling this is what would happen
can tubba fat ass even fit through that door to get to the windmill
He probably couldnt fit through the flower fields door
@blacktiger51 Tubba's fat ass is why he's outside, waiting for Mario to leave the windmill
So how will he be at the windmill. The mode left a hug plot hole.
This will hurt the integrity of the game
he stopped at the planet yardrat on the way to the windmill and learned instant transmission
@pethanct01 we're gonna hurt more than the integrity of Pape before the night's over Kappa
you know what fair enough @WEEGEE666 LUL
ah, cause you cleared 5 already
oh wait since you beat 5 already hes gone
Nice again, 16 is a lucky number.
where was the last stone? I looked away for a min
Yooo Phantom!! Hope you're having a good night, and good luck with the seed phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
you haven't found Goombario, so it's a good seed, imo
oh we know where goomb is
he's not lit up on the tracker. Thus, it's a good seed
enemy rando seems unnecessary if scaling's available
But what if it included bosses
I wish my bathtub could fly and fulfill dreams
Stop hitting Daisy shes finally in a mainline game Mario cmon
How did Jr even get here
Dude was frozen and beaten and he had the energy to go to space
Jokes and attempts of jokes aside I dont think we appreciate how good Mario characters colors look
I wonder if it could be modded in to be done as mario
ooh, was wondering if you'd stream today
got me a spicy chicken sammick, so I'm Hella chillin'
oh it's a classic that's why I haven't
oh it's a classic that's why I haven't
it's weird to watch the opening of this game now
I've missed the boat for One Piece. It's past my time
that was 20 years before I was born
how would I have caught it
its only like 800 eps of one piece cmon @buff00n you can catch up
slice of life, comedy, cute girls doing cute things
Part 4 is best cuz it released the year I was born
theres something I was wondering if it would be possible to add to the rando tracker, could you have it so the cake is replaced with cake mix, but when you click it the second time it becomes cake, so the tracker logic doesnt think you can beat 4 unless you have either the mix + frying pan, or the full cake. its not something thats like, actually a problem I just dont like marking off cake when all I have is mix, then I end up forgetting I have it bc I have the memory of a goldfish
Is Goompa allowed to tell his grandson to go on an adventure w/ a complete stranger?
what are half of these series the bot's recommending??
girl meets girl sounds like hentai ngl
and that's why i'll look it up later
and that's why i'll look it up later
I thought taht said penguin museum
might as well join in !anime
it's weird seeing the Koopa Bros in their vanilla colors
wait what does the bot want me to watch
oh squid girl is ika musume
I was replaying pape and kept pausing to homeward shroom
I stopped watching this because I wanted to stop crying
a bunch of these are real anime so seeing things like sf2 5 is real off putting
what sf 2 5 is real?
thought it was "2-V", not "2-5"
handing out 1 week after my chameleon twist grind. 7 top runners are underaged
is there a reason we are doing this so many times
im just going until I see something I seen or I get bored doing it
ive seen a speedrun of the game if that counts
dude I got my gc out of storage and I think the laser has weakened cuz it won't read any discs lmao
I might try strengthening before that
but yeah I probably will do that
I love children playing soccer against aliens
I genuinely didnt think that most of these were real and it was some sort of markov bot that made up fake anime titles
hold on I haven't guessed yet
I call bs, this is a rom she gave you
I WILL NOT WATCH ANIME STOP THE PRESSES
@x_the_g00n_x we all give in eventually
I havent watched anime in ages
I have not given in for 17 years
@x_the_g00n_x officer, we have a 17 year old in the chat
season 1 of 7 deadly sins was great
anything that starts with onii-chan i'm instantly worried
Sounds like something Sun Tzu would say
I don't like my big brother at all!! Junior High student Nao's brother complex is so strong, it's almost at the point of incest. She's determined to make her brother, High School student Shuusuke, see her as a woman. So determined, that she goes as far as going into his room to throw away all his non-incest related porn. But as she's looking for his porno stash, she finds a photo album... and she's not in any of his childhood pictures. What is going on?
Attack on Titan was good too
@x_the_g00n_x "When you have to shoot, shoot; don't talk."
@Starry_Arie what are you talking about?????
assuming thats the oni chan anime
this was one of the shows it recommended
why are you peeps talking about this?
I see oni chan in title, I disregard its existence
@OhHeyItJaye cuz Starry Arie's blowing up chat browsing anime suggestions
just makes me a bit uncomfortable because I work with children and have vowed my life the past 14 years to protect them
we're making fun of the show it's ok lol
oh yeah, I figured that lol
Jaye you remind me of me which is g00nly
I still need to watch made in abyss
I have my own dialect because English is broken
yeah, I generally avoid a lot of anime in general PrideLaugh
if the sister's a member of the harem, then I want nothing to do with the show/series
I'm still confused but aight ohheyi30LOL
I think the last two anime I watched were inazuma eleven and monster. too very different shows
I dont even watch TV I watch twitch and YouTube
I gotta go but someone build me a hill to die on when I get back
Good luck with the bullet hills and theoretical rest of the run my friend
it's weird, for pie jumps I never walk down. I just jump into the spot and go
I will have a the g00n day thank you
I just thought we were saying it for some reason lol
even if I had access, I'unno wot the [OMITTED] I'm supposed to do
it's ok you can still get hit on the way back
do final/hallway kill runs like any% no ace
I was there and laki was mvp
ngl I was thinking that run was over
that ruins stone skip is sick
but I hate laki clips that you have to manip laki
dammit I was gonna rickroll you but apparently some bitch ass bot will get pissed if I do
I finished a run without parakarry so that was cool lol
lost 8 mins to basement skip though
thank you for not racing today KEKW
I waited till after fright jar to say hi :)
I wouldn't have finished top 3 XD
Hope you do well on the runs today?
how do you leave after you kill tutan
seems like it was a crazy fast seed
ruins used to be a place to take a break
how dare you  curse them to badness
have new strats been discovered this frequently before or is pape going through a golden age rn
"I don't know why I'm holding B" -pape players playing anything
not mashing A for the cutscene smh
I don't know which ones they changed so I hit A slowly in all of them with a "What about this one?"
Yeah, I saw that, good suggestion imo
this only run for the night?
If that upsets people, make "delete the cutscenes" a toggle I guess
been so long since ive seen glitchless. what are run killers outside of final/if any
cutscenes are the real fun killers am I right
still think its silly that star rod isnt end of timing personally
just thinking of all the hours wasted holding b for 6 minutes
I can very much see both sides of star rod timing
Star Rod should be the end since the ending is literally just 6 minutes of nothing, but eh
I havent attempted a run in ages but I feel like u can just add the time at the end
the movement argument is about as valid to me as the end of credits argument
the game is not over til The End is in the bottom right :)
now imaine it's TTYD and instead of holdin B for 6 minutes, you *mash* for 6 minutes
After mashing for ~9 minutes during the final boss
really those rules were just based on old traditions iirc
like I ran the batman arkham games and we used to do the intro  to asylum because there was one tiny time save in the 7 minute walking sim
so what, you're just mashing B until credits or whatever???
Funny tho, because "you're just text mashing" could describe the entirety of TTYD
but eventually we just decided to start timing after the intro and just add the time to the beginning
ahhh I didn't know about that
@buff00n no no, you mash A and B cuz both advance it
If any game has ever needed a turbo its TTYD
I literally won't run that game ever again just because of the text
I was asking why SM64 starts the timer at power on/reset instead of starting a file
its not a good answer, but it's the answer
there are inputs you can do at various speeds from power on to file select, some people think thats imporant to time
we need a new age revolution of speedrunning
@buff00n as far as I know its because thats how its always been done
the wildest to me is anti-turbo in TTYD people
a lot of sm64 rules are just grandfathered in
starting timer on console reset in sm64 makes no sense to me
those are people who mash at 20 presses per second and don't want their only skill invalidated
sway's the exception bc I love him
between our humor and mannerisms I swear we're the same person
any big time saves from pb?
big being seconds as its glitchless
gl on this fine run phanto274Smile
I will consider thinking about maybe looking at it
love that this room has 2 entrances for no bloody reason
So, Bow sleeps in a ballroom?\
Just got a 3:42 in the race
2 people got sub-3, everyone who finished got sub-4
got to skip ch 7 completely so you know it was a good time
Double dip volcano for Fortress Key, Goomba King for Diamond Stone... but you could get go mode before entering ch7
finding jade raven in ch5 was really nice too
you missed a good race bud
I feel like there were a bunch of items I saw bt couldn't get right away. fortress key in volcano, palace key on the kooper island, pyramid stone in ch 2, even calculator in the sushi check in toad town
all bosses with seed dupe shenanigans
Now that I think about it, volcano had a double dip, no other dungeon really did
Smells like a PB in here
Entered Fortress and Tubba's Castle for the first time with all their respective keys
So Phantom Goombario was in a legendary spot in the race LUL
russ t took him hostage this seed
I need my dictionary I am losing. IQ points heres Goombario LUL
I forgot to mark dictionary on my tracker, I saw it when I homeward shroomed... wish I didnt see it tho
oh nice, my race is tomorrow so I can catch it
its about time komari and phantom race
also, trev said... I dont think we have seen Goombario yet... very next check was russ T KEKW
thats a clip worthy moment LUL
Everyone got Goombario at around the same time too LUL
I totally forgot there was a pape race today
Have there been any legit Paper Mario rom hacks besides book of mario?
A challenge is fine, but it's hard to strike a good balance between fun and engaging while feeling reasonable
Legit as in similar length to the game and functions well. Also not Kaizo, but while Kaizo hacks are not illegitimate, I dont think they are for most humans.
are you doing a gregarr warm up tomorrow?
I still dont understand those hacks
Black Pit, what is it? Any good?
someone is making a rom hack and it might be out this year star nova
Technically Rando's similar length to the base game Kappa
I was watching the demo vid earlier, looks dope asf
in rando does exp from ch 8 jr scale?
Will you play it on stream?
since black pit runs on console that gives me hopes for ttyd64
You wouldnt have liked the race seed there was one part you would wanna rage quit at
"is there any reason that Repel Gel would only last till the end of the turn? does Feeling Fine cause this?" KEKW
Funniest moment of the async seed was when Phantom figured out he had to do Fuzzies to get Watt. He skipped it earlier because Fuzzies were holding Goombario. Watt was on the high block in Koopa Village.
I got it to work for me, was annoying tho
I bet project 64 will just take the gamecube controller
There's a driver for the official adapters, I believe
isn't biz hawk a n64 emulator
yeah idk what the difference is on how they actually work, a mayflash is pretty cheap though so might be just worth getting one
Is there not a driver that treats it like a normal controller?
you cant map the controller to your keyboard and trick biz hawk?
I believe I've seen a different driver that does treat it like a controller
I think it was like, $31 CAD after shipping for me
I see one that touts "full compatibility with the native Dolphin driver"
I just got a 3rd party adapter that has PC mode and it's Plug & Play in Retroarch
I don't personally use GC so I can't confirm it works but it might be worth a try
I can send the link in chat or DMs
Phantom, I was just sent a clip... fatkid put the dude in the trader
It doesn't really have a formal name, just named after the creator as far as I can tell: m4sv should get you there.
It doesn't look like it's been updated since 2015 but I doubt the hardware's changed and it says it supports Windows 10
Again, don't know if it'll work but worth a shot
Dude got crushed and stabbed at the same time, I refuse to believe he lived that
im glad I looked in time for that
I boldened a few things in my all bosses notes after the other night so I feel you lol
how are things with all bosses? you're talking about routing with seed dupe, I'm guessing?
that doesn't look awful to pull off at all
Performing LogSkip can vary depending on the version & specific setup but this is how it is performed. 1 start where LogSkip is possible. 2 stand on top of the log. 3 quickly press and hold Z to enter first person mode then quickly press A to jump. 4 profit. FYI glitches can be inconsistent & may prevent players from finishing the game in a legitimate manner. If interested in speedrunning Paper Mario stick to verified & accepted methods rather than attempting glitches or exploits Cheer100
If interested in speedrunning Paper Mario stick to verified & accepted methods rather than attempting glitches or exploits
oh I saw this clip on twitter
And I like to projectile vomit into my own mouth
are you running it or just routing for others?
Yoo Phantom! phanto274BLANKIES Good luck!! phanto274Bless
are you dropping frames or am I just bad?
my internet is just bad today
I have a race today so I need my internet to tighten the fuck up
imagine being wired and getting 0.15 down Copium
wow, turns out Orlando has been getting huge internet outages
I think im fine now tho
bombing koopa bors tower, do you have to mash?
Zebra says it cant be unmashed to work so wondering if you knew
I know how you could beat Komari
if he does blackjack skip and slips OoB and softlocks OMEGALUL
good luck with warm ups, need to get ready for race
Is the Pape League race today?
Gotcha. I gotta be there for that!
I still cant believe you happen the run the only mega man game ive ever played
that was def a diveman fight LUL
You could have forced him to the front :)
You basically just stand in the middle
PB attempts now featuring blackjack skip? Kappa
Its OK, you have the freest 45s time save :)
Well, that can still technically happen LUL
Good stuff btw, your evil spirits textboxes are way faster
I mean, its really hard to have perfect text mashing throughout an entire run
Third one is literally just have Full Sync, counter the top mettaur with Crakshot, then move down and heatpress the middle
Thats the first fight I think?
The second fight has the pufferfish
First 2 fights have Gunner and Piranha
First fight: Crakshot mettaur with counter, move down HeatPress. If you do it quickly, you should almost always counter the Piranha
Second fight: You can do it 2 ways, the fastest is to move up and counter hit the puffer with Crakshot, then move down and counter the Gunner with HeatPress
There's a buffered movement setup you can do on the second fight, but its tricky to describe
this fire dude you're playing as seems op af lol
He has some really consistent setups for these early fights
Up left, bait the mettaur to attack. Move down, right, then fire Crakshot. Try to line everyone up in the middle for HeatPress
where the hogwarts legacy at bruuuh
Pray to draw 20 extra damage
So you wanna move to the top left corner there
And you can physically wait and see the mettaur attack
Well, down then right so you don't break the middle panel LUL
Yep, just a quick circle motion of movement
Ends up counter hitting the Gunner, HeatPress deletes them all but the Gunner who keeps 20 HP
Well, for reference, my CircusMan gold is sub 15 minutes, and I saw your gold was a 15:53 I think?
So plenty of time save to be had
I split on fade to black after HeatCross is acquired and the unskippable cutscene with Match
I can't wait to gold that myself
Bro, the map GM posted of Pav 3
The ramp looks like a fortress
Central 3 would be nice, could lead to Evil Spirits skip
Underground 1 would be nice for similar reasons
Any weather comp is nice, of course
I thought about Sky 1 as well, because then maybe you have a faster route without encounters for both Mega and HeatMan LUL
Undernet2 could be neat to go get MoonSton quickly, as well
Man, thinking about Undernet 2, if you could get around the UnderBBS fights and skip 1 or 2 of them
Hold left into the wall, then hold up, yeah
Obviously after dodging the bad gavel spawn, you want to hold Up Left to avoid the corner
And once you're near the end, you can just hold up towards JudgeMan
The real fast strat is actually BeastOut, CopyDmg top corn, and slash bottom corn as he's lined up with the KillerEye
Well, you only need 1 chip if you do it right
And if you don't get 1, hopefully you drew M-Boomer or AirSpin or something LUL
Tho idk if you know Lurking Skip, tbh
Yeah. One day we'll have a proper video
A lot of these fights are weird with Corn and Armadillos
Did you see my new  setup that saves 4 frames and is even freer?
Its definitely one of the toughest to optimize
AirSpin kinda just sucks on that fight
I had a plan to make a "Risch's BN Practice Suite" or something
I have too many ideas to do any one of them
Congrats on your half a second time save PogChamp
Bro, I'm about to give Lan Sliprun
I missed KOF cause I couldn't find it, dq'd from smash because I didn't wanna, and got 193rd in strive outta 1100+
Also learned that the puppet char in melty can fucking kill you so I am going to play him now
But yea at that local I almost beat ned then we left and didn't play losers cause I wanted food lol
Also I got a plushie of jackos minion and it's just a beanie baby and it's the greatest thing I've ever bought
Debating on if I wanna jump right into learning melty shit after a weekend of FG's or just play trails
no fuck you this is mine
I see I show up to a break. how goes chat?
i'm good, probably gonna finally deal with dishes here soon
i'm... lazy when it comes to dishes
saturday was a rough day for me. worked a 400+ person event with the catering company I work at
it was some dental association thing
so yeah, didn't get to stream saturday, so tuesday is more fusion
what I should try and do is speedrun fusion 100% glitchless
just gotta see the speed strats
pretty much, yeah. after many many years of playing it
yeah, text is an issue for fusion as well
it's a hold on current text, then double press to get through next dialogue line
I wish it was like pape
yeah. you have to press a button to advance text
Uhh, I just learned that someone in my game design class got access to my steam and booted me out of my account
I am a little pissed off lmao
One of my freinds asked me to use my account bc it had guilty gear for a club and he forgot to sign out and the fuckers got a hold of it.
I dont think my school allows violence lmao
Don't use violence; beat them in a Net Battle
I know its someone at my school, I feel like I could find them and tell em to give me it back
Make him do a pape rando lolol
Wasnt that the same case with buff00n?
looks like fusion runs off if IGT rather than real time for the speedruns
I isolated it since plugging it in with my gc and found the line doubler was being stupid
I had to jam the line doubler switch to make it work on my monitor
yeah I booted up melee and it was just fine and was confused
also yeah, I heard mention about something new in this game
oh he just schmoved out of bounds lmfao
yoo good luck have fun theex1High theex1Success
u gonna do the cool new tech right?
now i'm gonna figure out how to remap my raphnet so the buttons make sense to me in mmz
i'm used the snes classic controller from a couple of years ago, I assume the buttons are in the same place
I also wanted to say thanks for the controller layout. I love it
but yeah, i'm gonna have A mapped as B and B mapped as Y
the default mapping is ugly for a mega man game
gonna see, have to figure out how to get it started first lol
is it through your console you do that on
yeah i'm also interested in z3 at some point
but i'm gonna go with 1 for now
can you use the smash adapter for that or no?
okay I found where the presets are, it specifically had one titled mega man anniversary collection lmfao
had what I was looking for
left button for weapons, bottom for jump
cuz nothing else makes sense to me
I looked back at the screen and got really confused what I was seeing
I mean, thats literally about how long a levbus takes lol
we all wanna touch the rubber ducky its okay
I learned one of the highest damage melty combos
For some reason the puppet char can do 5.6k in a game where 4k is the damage you get for sweating in your combo LOL
wish I had a bingo card for this run LUL
i'm not live for another 40 minutes lol, so can't raid me
oh god goombario, you are not winnin
yo look like you're streamin from a diff room
did you see all mmbn games on switch?
This is looking eerily similar to the Sunday race seed, early Bow+Train, Sushie in the exact same spot...
pahntom I was live and forgot about the direct, you can here me laughing the they showed prism in PVP OMEGALUL
it was for the hardcore fans
prime shadow drop ended me, but waiting on physical
the prime announcement gave me hope that Metroid Prime 4 is actually going somewhere in development
I have to get NSO for golden sun
I'd be more excited for EO if they were new games in the series and not remasters of the old ones. They already had remakes of EO1 and EO2 on 3DS
that sucks, but 45 damage is a big ask 4 minutes in
2 afx and neither is , dang
Did you pick up a Flower Saver?
Do you think you'll be able to beat General Guy before leaving Toybox?
general guy is the hardest boss at 7
did you see that Metroid prime 1 got a remastered on switch finally
it apparently runs and looks great
I honestly don't know when I'm going to have time to play it. Theatrhythm is 9 days, then Octopath 2, and by the time I'm done with that, it'll be Zelda time. Then Pikmin 4
I keep forgetting octopath 2 is coming
there a game being made by level 5 that looks good
The Legend of Zelda: Tears of My Budget KEKW
maybe running octopath 2 would be fun
Ngl, todays Nintendo direct just kinda left me feeling empty except for the Metroid remaster
oh yeah I might have to get that
baten kaitos, golden sun, tales of symphonia are all games I want to play
I guess technically not a lot of new games announced, huh
but I don't really want to pay for them
Pokemon TCG for GB making its glorious return
I havent bought xeno 3 yet, have to get it still. My girlfriend is still mad that there isnt a switch port for twilight princess lol
I should look into family planning with some people
@AudioBlood this statement out of context makes me laugh
I bought tales of symphonia on pc a while ago I don't think I'm gonna buy it again
Hey Phantom! Good luck with the seed, and hope you're doing good phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
@AudioBlood you think a remastered of tales of the abyss will be cool?
I think there is a remastered Tales of the Abyss actually?
besides that one, I meant. I thought they announced something recently
id play abyss again, I didnt have a 3ds so its been like 15+ years
back when tales games were sick :(
last Tales game I played was Zesteria, and I didn't finish it
was that demon arm girl? I liked that one most of the modern ones
combat was fun, but I couldn't really get into it
berseria was great the story was awesome
yeah, berseria was a good game, def either 2nd or 3rd best tales game behind symphonia and maybe abyss
Oh wow arrived in time for the Tales talk
I started 15vesperia runs and only finished one
its the least I could do for fixing my console crash LUL
I coldn't really get into zestiria or vesperia
the mc from vesperia is cool but everything else was mid
Rita was one of the funner mages to play
arise was fun combat but way too bland everything else
but I agree, the rest of vesperia wasnt as great as the other games
@Axl_SR If only it was "your" console crash only...It was everyone's console crash
@AudioBlood agree game was alright tho didn't hate it or anything
So you're telling me to release a risky update on feb 22 afternoon, got it
risky? just re-release the last path prony0
wait prony a dev right LUL
ok so maybe I have pape wrong, but an you only check yellow yoshi after lava pirahna?
In rando you could do it before, for a while, but we changed it back to be like vanilla
ah, that's what fucked me up ok
I was like 99% sure I could do it pre-piranha lol
ahh I thought I just had a fever dream that I had been able to do the yellow Yoshi check before completing the chapter
that bush will always be the hardest check to remember
what's your favorite type of run to do?
I wish of you have Bow out you could skip his intro before the forest
I had your race on lurk last night
I was gonna say good luck but that might accidentally be helpful
feeling fine is such a weird badge, never understood how much people like it for bowsers one poison move
I thin it's his second or third easiest move behind only butt or lightning
It's the 2nd easiest block after his jump pound imo
the cue makes it so free tho
light on big toe? press a
fire and butt stomp are free
if you don't know that e it's impossible, i'll ive you that
fire is super hard for me
partner wave block is, oddly, jst when I naturally want to block wave anyways
@Prony0 this is the real flex
the random skin no default is 1 of the best thing that got added thanks phantom
gotta find some pancakes for all that syrup
the bot is trying to help you oh no
are the bot messages timed randomly or does certain things trigger it?
I like it, it gets deep sometimes
is your GDQ rando gonna be glitched logic?
commentatin is such a fun gig
I wish that was a job I could have
I can commentate. Wouldnt have any idea what to say, but anyone can say anything and pretend that they know what they are talking about.
I've gotten paid commentary gigs a couple times, but that's not much of an industry really
I'm late but how's it going phanto274Smile
I feel like a lot more seeds are hammer first lately
Good luck on the race. Not sure how much I can watch, feeling like shit today.
theres no basis for that, but negative reinforcement bias is a bitch
Also they really said prime 1 remake and not prime 4
prime 1 remake is there to get prime back in the general public mind
Amazing mirror with online soon :)
I am a very happy person
I give 0 shits about the rest of that direct though LOL
Ima play the fuck outa that
Can finally play the best kirby game the way it was meant to be played
I'm just glad Nintendo acknowledged Golden Sun ever existed
I can still hope for a sequel
I only played the 1st golden sun
Also I saw the first 10m on break at work and saw them put soren in FE and then immediately show camilla
The duality of character quality in FE
id literally maybe cry if gs4 ever was athing
That mickey mouse game looked cool
gs1 and FE1 (not 1, but first gb one in USA) were like my gateway games
When Dark Dawn came out, the gamestop employee was clueless and let me and my friend get away with our preorder like 10days before the release
I got around to echoes and hated it
It was designed to be easy for stupid americans to get them into it
Literal hypest event in my whole life
apparently a lot of people loved echoes ???
the game was just pure bullshit for difficulty
People love the 3ds games because they're easy and are just basic anime
ive beaten every FE game on the hardest difficulty that's been released in NA, except echoes which I didn't even finish the first run of
I guess I never beat 5* shadow dragon either, that was some nonsense
Dude went from a -17/10 to a 15/10
chapter... 21? I think it is, where you're inside a castle at night and there are 10-range enemy casters was just unbeatable for me
I have beated the 1st area of the wii emblem and 1 of my character died and he didn't come back and I said yeah no I'm done
My issue with modern FE (at least one of) is I cannot give a single shit about the story of a protag who is boring as shit
I need to actually enjoy a protag to give a damn about your plot
And we've not had a good one since 10
the story of like, all the fire emblems are petty shitty tbh
9 and 10 are really good
a good protag is really needed or I drop the game
the only protag I ever really liked was Erika
GBA games got mid ass stories but they do the job
3h has blue lions and other than that modern FE hasn't had a good plot lol
Eirika is still my favorite FE character
I wish she would come back in some capacity
Also might actually play prime finally because the remaster has twin stick controls
oh I heard you're doing a charity stream in April?
@RavenFP $40 for a 21 year old game is so crazy tho
I know iit's a remaster but still
did u just say 21 year old game?
Metroid Prime is a modern game in my mind
Speaking of 40$ remasters... The Etrian Odysseys are also 40$ each. Ouch
oh are they? guess I'm not gonna get those either
EO3 is probably the one to get if you're only going to get one
I've wanted to play EO3, but I don't think I wanna play it for $40
yupp, just look at megaman ZX
only because EO1 and EO2 have already been remastered on 3DS and I definitely recommend those if you can get one
prob gonna be on sale 50% on steam soon enough
hopefully this means that an EO6 is on the way
is the HD one on steam probably similar quality to the remaster you think?
I still haven't played EO5 or Nexus because they came out so late into 3DS
I played the 1st etrian odysseys a long time ago couldn't go into it
I don't have a 3ds, so I missed many cool strategy games
the HD one on Steam is the same as the one showcased for Switch today. The ones I'm talking about are Etrian Odyssey Untold 1&2
those are 3DS only, I thought
I'll just keep an eye out for a steam sale then
$40 on steam is only $5 irl
so I cant say anything that might be helpful, can I say things that are actively detrimental
or just say it on purpose. The message only says to not accidentally say anything.
Gotta head out, gl on the race! May the goomba king hold the goods phanto274GL
rowf is a scam artist, he never has anything, completing chapters is meaningless, obviously the right call is to dip chapter 3 for 2 checks
its ch7 general guy and you have like 6 of them, seems fine
weight is probably boo shop just to say fuck you
He said go to chapter 2 NOW
yeah those guys get up to like 11 hp on high chapters, its nuts
TIL Forest Fuzzies have the same HP scaling as Shy Guys
oh so laki is just an item to you?
this has been a good race
ok. I missed you doing prologue
I guess you'll never need to fight Dark Koopas this run, huh
Shouldn't have to fight Super Blooper either since you took the Whalr
I mean yeah I know we went to prologue, but was there anything there that was required?
oh right there was seed on the sign
where was the bean for 6?
can you beat fortress with 3 keys.
only keys you dont need are 4th ruins and blue key
odd key and storeroom key are also not required, but theyre not like, the dungeon keys
it's a lot of gaming in a prime way
Wonder what ch0msky thinks of the metroid prime remake
watching the ghost do a starstorm is time loss
the remaster's $40, so I'll bite. Eventually.
If you were sitting on physical copies of the wii trilogy to sell it's over
my guy peacing the fuck out of 7 LUL
I acquired a digital copy and it was an actual back up, not piracy.
when me and the boys learned how easy ripping wii games was in 2010
I'd have preferred a port of Trilogy
Kent C. Koopa looks good in purple
Hes a grape (great) guy get it?
no reason to skip anything in here???? no pillar jumps then?
din din, gl with the rest of the race
purple is a really good color
Chapter 1 really was mandatory THOUGH
laki actually fucked off to rogueport for vacation
So what's new with this seed?
hes playing paper mario I think
@blacktiger51 a fat ass burrito, if the place is still open
can I say this seed suck
We can neither confirm or deny this
I opened up the game and tried to do LZS jumps it took me like 15 minutes to get a single one out of the loading zone
"Catch em All speedrun for sub 13 hours :) "
RAID!! but I was already here LUL
all of phantoms viewers welcome back
both of skipped ultra boots lmao
I'm sorry but I was hoping for vanilla Laki go mode LUL
gotcha, I found the seed in the shop last, put off clearing 3 and 4 for a long time
no ultra boots, megarush, or ultra stone
I came, THIS CLOSE, to driving off w/ my fukken Horchata
clear as in beat, I did all the 3 checks b4 mt rugged also
oh paperario, why did you go to tubba when you saw last tubba key was in ch4. Were you banking on Kooper being in Tubba?
kooper or raven being in tubbas castle, or really anything, having warehouse key helped a bit I guess
I just want to comment something from the very beginning. That play of upgrading Bow could be faster because you had Sushie and could go to the underground pipe in the mini lake in TT instead of dipping Ch4.
its debatable if you start with sushie but thats pretty much it
I only ever get that upgrade block if the item that sushi locks is something required and I dont have a bunch of other upgrades already
seed spoilers you get the star rod from final
I did it for bow this seed, didnt think about doing red station then going back to blue for the stuff
3:02 with the weakest mario ever
After everything that happened, still a great time
Thank you for playing Try another seed. - Rando
Yoo Phantom! Good luck today phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Glad to see hes getting some exposure from GDQ.
Doing alright, finished the first day of my bowling tournament
Working late but otherwise good here!
I am realizing I havent seen u without a beanie on
I saw ur hair and was like why does this look weird to me
Turns out I just thought your head looked like that I guess
Still not used to the new icons
Mobile shows but not on ur stream
I can't see it cuz mobile
Which I guess is good after the !anime thing lol
Oh god if starrs anime list would show on stream that would be crazy
that's when I get back from Vegas
where the hogwarts legacy at lol .... also hiii
you doing vanilla Pape or rando?
Any idea why it took them a year, scheduling conflicts?
There was that one run I was gonna watch from gdq but then I saw it was only like 4 star spirits and I didnt really understand the settings since I hadnt seen it b4
have u done a GDQ before or not yet
Glad you got in. Should get you and the community some good exposure
I got in as a backup once but couldnt attend
I wasnt a great runner tbh but had a lot of fun finding skips. Got some good ones
441 lets gooo I got it right!
Did they change it to just be one hit on whale or does super jump just do that
The contents of his stomach are similar to most peoples. Depending on how much plastic is there.
congrats getting your race into gdq
10pm my time hurts but ill stay up for it
I wonder what you guys will do about comms. gl hf btw
You were right the first time. It will be interesting
these are full race settings, right?
oh axl, ty for mentioning that issue with the ice staircase cutscene skip. is indeed a bug and now fixed for next version
what was it? I dont remember LUL
the "forgetting you could skip, but then pressing A reloads the room randomly" thing
Never delete. Let it stay there forever. Kappa
oh that, yeah its such a minor thing I didnt even think of mentioning it
Pokmon releases are united now except for the card game, bot.
In your experience, how often has Rip provided a partner in rando?
definitely no other checks down that way COPIUM
Saw him give sushi and laki in one of his runs.
I watched input display, looked like 1 frame late lmao
Bastards annoyed me when I was a kid.
narrator voice: and fuck them he did
And we never saw them again.
yo disney tangled for the ds
do you just skip that cut scene if you don't have bow?
I cant tell if donkey kongquest is dkc2 or some game ive never heard of
this comes up a lot for some reason
My body told me to stay home so Im here now
I take it we Have seen the dark lord? mister206Gombidious
this is also a music video!
Nice sub 1 hour chapter 6
"Stop motion animation of aliens on a guided tour around an amusement park."
What if seed dupe was required for a new glitched logic update always making chapter 6 required to check?
seed dupe for a fortress key with the other one in star haven
ok but pretend I named an item you cant ignore
Does every part of seed duping work on English?
So a Tubba Key could theoretically be duped and work normally?
How was the race last night?
Duping is probs not very useful on rando though. There's custom code to prevent picking up duplicates of unique items
You might need to fight that Blooper if you find Sushie before Bombette
Why is anti guy so damn strong
Because he is the secret apprentice of mister206Gombidious
Shy guys are shy by nature and get strength in numbers, while anti guy is a one man shy guy army
The bot is on to something LUL
Yo, how is the run going?
thats why ttyd ch4 is my favorite video game experience ever
I think just saw they added cutscene skips with Lilly??
If only Bump attack was able to work Kappa
These are quite the electrifying item discoveries so far Kappa
Gambling or just not having the power
Don't really see how it's different from pit/moles
Other than more on the way than pit, I guess
What is the drop rate of a tasty tonic?
so the chance of seeing it drop twice is a row is astronomically low?
I be here, eating panda express. lol
Ch7 Jr can still be 7-scaled
It's funny that phase 2 is usually easier than phase 1 bc you can just prevent LP from ever attacking
At least the buds won't come back if you take them out in phase 1
gl on seed, congrats on making gdq hotfix
no chapter clears but you have a good number of items?
Now thats going to be hype
Now thats going to be hype
How comfortable are you with Shy Squad blocks?
I ask bc Jump x2, EDash and block 5 would be perfect but might be a difficult ask lol
But you always have Goombario! He is very powerful Kappa
honestly, I wouldnt be surprised if bucket locked Kooper on shiver
@Trevbonk That would be a grand total of 2 checks, unless you're including Snowman's Gift
Several chapters this seed where a partner is the last item, huh
1, 4, 5, 6, and maybe 7
Shrink stomp memes for Tubbas heart Kappa
Did I just witness vanilla kooper? LUL
What happens to the discord if the GDQ employee that reads the donations comment about the cut scenes.
Do they not do donations anymore or am I thinking something else?
separate from the big biyearly events
that are the ones you're thinking of I think
I havent seen them in a while hahaha. Yeah, thanks. Thinking of the big ones where they do the donations for the cancer kids.
Now hopefully I can get an answer soon to see if key is vanilla Kappa
The theme of the seed last location the chapter for progression
what in the fuck is wrong with laki
Laki is fine. Every time we see green Laki is because of mister206Gombidious
I think we all would like to have words with who decided to make Laki green LUL
just somebody who love to see Laki Hulk out
he looks like he's from a mucinex ad
hey that mucinex booger is a working father
just trying to provide for his family
why are all the clouds nasty wtf
Oh I came in at a good time
Thats AMAZING! A 3 Cap! PAUSERS
you didn't need that shroom or that 10 seconds anyway
The 10 seconds for the life shroom are to compensate for the cutscene Kappa
You'd be in trouble if you lost a life shroom for every 10sec cutscene cut
I'm kinda sad it doesn't zoom in on each of the moles
The moles are there just chilling out until they are exterminated
I considered whether this melody cutscene should be cut, but felt it would be criminal
I'd rather cut d2 opening tbh
you know a good cutscene to be cut? fucking goomba king
Cutting this out would be Criminal
Goomba King needs the pomp and circumstance of a king Kappa
the issue with ruins is there's the atmospheric music that keeps going into its ending, and it's way too weird if you skip it asap
Can you actually cut it though? Youre ot supposed to check that tree until after you fight him.
cause then you hear the wind noises but the ruins are already done rising
maybe just start the fight as soon as u walk in instead of the cut scene
this seed sucks in a way
Can this actually be the mythical blue key seed?
Its a dream, never seen one.
Blue key seeds arent dreams folks. They are the stuff of legends with joe terrible they are LUL
The last blue key seed was like this 3 or 4 months ago
Double check your key items to make sure you really turned in everything..
Favorite form of Goombario? trophy29Goombario or mister206Gombidious ?
I like the second one but the partner arent as interested and not a fan of the music.
that was actually mostly coherent, bot
did you go back for the laki fight?
I remember that race you commented on where both Goomba King and Anti guy had items.
honestly there is one check worth skipping each time: talking to Goombario Kappa
That was a wild race. Goad thats the first one I saw.
What was anti guy in this seed?
Nothing notable. I dipped for part if the seed
Bombette looks good in cherry flavor
laki looks good in green apple
What are you doing to him. Hes obviously sick.
After playing so much of Pape 64, it's hard to go back to TTYD
Its like liking Banjo Tooie if you like both games in the series.
The only video game leak that will ever matter is if we get a beta iso of the gamecube version of Banjo Threeie
why didn't the nintendo mega leak find it?!?!?!?!?!
It would be good to have an open world banjo game where you start with all the moves.
saw a funny meme about Zelda ToTK where someone just plastered the "Nuts & Bolts" part of the logo on it with the image of Link driving the flat vehicle
I saw Arlo had that as a thumbnail.
that should earn me a job in a few agencies right?
My dad has been playing and replaying the game for almost six years. I dont have a Wii U anymore.
ice king lookin' actually evil in this new color scheme
that was your dad's wii u son
It wasnt before but it is now.
Good friend. His pus is invisible jelly.
wtf he had all the repel gels?
repel gel whacka bumps are wild
oh. Must be some failsafe to make a seed always winnable?
I recently got life shrooms and repels in the first TT shop lol
what happens if you level up from picking up dropped star points?
Didn't even need all these repels lol
Drop the Second o and call it a god seed to end up on YT
Just need to find feeling Fine P and we are good
I see laki escaped his pot again
man we got the ugly Laki again?
Laki just needs to equip feeling fine Kappa
how convienent, selling his own storeroom key lol
I bevelve laki is surpose to be a plant on top a clop of floating dirt
he is found in flower fields makes sense he is a plant
Hey you missed picking goobario up
Hes saving him for go mode.
Its not just a boulder, its a pebble
Too fast for a green lakitu like me
Looking forward to 1000 subs on the youtube.
Is it appropriate to ask how growth is doing?
Not bad, thats pretty good. You being a small guy right now. GDQ and the charity stream should help that.
Doing the events is a pretty good idea
GDQ is solid though. People know what that is.
Wow sub 20 and have 4 partners, chat 5 can be done, and handful of key items
We love low level ch5 first
Also when can chp 5 not be the first chapter? Haha
Can Fan Smack hit LP when it's on fire?
The last seed had vanilla Kooper behind shell LUL
LUL didn't realize he was going to say "flip this" that made me chuckle
came in way hotter than I intended to
Phanto two hundred and seventy-four blankies
Now just hopefully get at least as lucky as last time
hey I saved 4 freames in any% today
i'm sure they'll change that soon
Do we need to bring the idea of progressive scaling for races back up?
I don't think it's been discussed too much since the XP cap was removed
the punchline was gonna be that you can save 4 frames in any% by using a fright jar now
Hey that poop cloud kept you from dying to LP several turns in a row earlier
7 scaled ch5 does things to a man
do you know if you have to talk to the sun to trigger the laki fight if you've already destroyed the weather machine?
oh no it doesnt, you dont have super boots. thats a real early ch6
ok, I have been so I wanted to make sre I wasn't being dumb
I guess that why I like super boots
You have to talk to the sun, it just plays different music after beating the machine
this is an ultra hammer before super boots seed, sorry
Dipped out for a bit. How is seed going?
Why does Mt. Rugged have to be stacked when doing it in reverse?
Mt rugged was originally called the rugged path Kappa
oh nvm I forget thats a setting
what's behind the 20 star pieces?
I can see this being a case where parakarry is deep in ruins or deep in the seed
I really doubt you will XD
i'm cool fighting LP, jst get rid of this post-fight bullshit
just... no ch7 immediately pls and thanks
with how early in logic ch5 often is, it happens surprisingly often too
might have 2 races this weekend
this race league is actually goat'd, Gil is doing a great thing
My first race was supposed to be tomorrow but I ended up needing to reschedule
my opponent yesterday DNF as I got to hallway bowser and then quit the league lol
okay good, my thing would be after the event
A win is a win. Congrats
yeah, but my group was down a person already
my opponent apparently "doesn't like racing" and that's why they quit
oh no, who do I root for if you race m4
I felt so bad for Rigby yesterday
Who is racing and commenting tomorrow
More stuff? Did you already buy something or something?
commentary idk, nobody ever responded to arie (publicly)
I would, but im busy tomorrow
I just need a life break after the past 2 weeks
mmmm 8fp power bomb, the dream
getting 2 shots at aoe with her is so nice
id rather have an expensive power bomb than turbo charge. had an 8fp turbo charge last week
Power Bounce timing with Super Boots always throws me off
you and m4 have ruined me, I just try and power shock everything now
yeah, both boots you press A as you start to descend (input delay may vary)
I can max on most things I want to. only lantern ghost is a real struggle
Im not surprised you would go for early LP. Youve done it in the past successfully
just in time for the fortress str9ngHype
shocking LP feels bad when any water or ice does it for you+damage
Its almost like the seed is taunting you with them LUL
I mean, they had to be somewhere...
I tend to lean on water block for LP
When I see let it snow, I always think of Sean Connery
but he says let it shnow?
Slow GO was worth the dark descent
Mailman here would also be nice
Train actually probably opens up more than Parakarry
I love the spook animation lol
I forgot in vanilla how theres no heart block in flower fields.
Though this seed might actually be beatable w/o Ultra gear
AuntSusan why is the emote named this
Strange cake? What is that do?
I have never seen that item. I should check out the wikia
real gamers would go for the block anyways
nvidia driver update broke my second screen it seems, you have my full attention now phantom
(only on my main pc it works fine on other)
Getting close to go mode, only need 1 item for each chapter except Fortress
I should get a phone stand and use phone as second screen instead
Could be a rare no Ultra Hammer seed
I mean, you'll be able to get Ultra Hammer but you may get Parakarry too late to want to backtrack
is danger mario the best mario?
Go mode in Tubba's Castle phanto274Bless
Well, given that you weren't going to find everything here, Train is better than Red Key for giving more checks
Only Train or Red Key would really get any new checks
Unless Fertile Soil and stacked Rowf
I see the smh of disappointment
You probably have to get ultra boots and go back to 7 based on how things are so far
But what if lantern gives you goombario! Gotta save him
So much HP, kills the guy in two turns.
Was this a barren toy box? Thats crazy
Now this was a dirty seed
I would say inb4 3 cap, but it doesn't matter
Crystal king can never be killed. He is the secret son of mister206Gombidious
not *that* high of a level
just hard cut, no sign off
the rare bad bowser rng outside of a run
just another day in the office
Is it fun doing Rando race?
I was not expecting it to start this fast OMEGALUL
this looks like forward fill nglngl
^ that joke won't ever die, will it lol
only a few minutes late. lets go!!
I never make it in time. I'm super excited. lol
the forward fill days were hilarious
randos were so fun for the first 30 minutes
bow is so jacked against 0def lol
Hey Phantom! Good luck phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
sheesh...I've been up since 430. lol
I feel that. there's a lot of times where I don't want to get out of bed. lol
When I watch vids on YouTube I usually have to pause to see what the Bp costs are
1 fp power shock is pog
do you think it wants you to go to ch7 soon? OMEGALUL
that would be quite the gamble
"you have been converted into star points"
the odds are pretty high bot.
guess merlow has to wait even longer
and attack fx c? this seed is jacked
I love watching Mario push the block!
Haha you thought this fight was over? Think again mf
I feel like LP is always this yellow skin lol
well that would explain why I feel like LP is always yellow OMEGALUL
less than 200 followers to ttyd goal. y0000
time to make 189 alternate accounts
when are they adding skins for the star spirits tho
could be good if we never find power bounce
hopefully record is not important lmao
ice power right on time EZ
parakarryless gulch ain't a glitch tho Madge
inb4 he's in library and you have to kooper him
oh did you already turn in boo portrait?
How dare it move away from you onto the spikes
Can the color pallet vary between racers on the same seed?
Ahh ok! Checked out some other racers and noticed they had green mario
Aw you broke tubbas heart phanto274Cry
we actually love prologue this time
is that there normally in rando w no gear shuffle?
just confused why there was soup in a bush
does yellow yoshi just need a cooked item? or what all counts for it
LOL I was wondering why there wasnt the WEEEOH sound when u turned in lyrics
ive never seen that before. also bombette Pls
did you skip a tree or am I tripping
would whacka keep giving zap taps?
if only mistakes hurt you and could be used for peril manip
heading out. excited to watch the rest later. gl :)
If you get the other flower saver, would it be worth it to upgrade parakarry? or do you do enough damage that it doesn't really matter?
I take it mister206Gombidious is not found?
Now thats why you are having a good time so far. No terrible mister206Gombidious manip
Shiver City is giving quite the warm welcome despite being freezing outside Kappa
4 keys and a bean sounds about right
Rowf looking kind of sus right now
Theres just something quite indescribable to me about green gourmet guy. I just dont know why LUL
reminds me of green Laki for some reason
Uh orange lantern ghost? Never knew he was a thing
His color palettes really confuse my eyes LUL
I looked at my computer and my cat is stiiting on the keyboard about to send a 500 letter mess in chat lolol
@Pallos7 been there PLENTY of times
Hmm. I always knew Goomba King was corrupted and evil like mister206Gombidious
This would be absolutely terrible if you had to go back for record like one of the league practice seeds
I still consider this a good seed since you have 5 clears already
I was about to say too if we find warehouse key then blue key is on the table
red key will be your next check
I just realized this was a weekly lmao
Why is it sometimes bad to level on hallway?
these superbowl commercials have been subpar at best.
I am one of those people who only watch the commercials LUL
yo ggs, looks like youre getting sub 3
chapter 1 all of it and late 4
fk in red station was for good mode
turn 2 final bowser kill helped too
yeah my final was fast af
30 hp into 2nd phase, fire into 4 bounce for kill
did you find a cake somewhere?
interesting, ill have to watch back I remember doing 2 pretty early
im p sure I did 5,3,2?,7,4,6,1
twink about to do some damage
I finished homework and its the end
You and JCog are so close to each other GG
did you do like rip into 7? cause I got 3rd ruin key, did rip and immediately to 2
toads can light up their heads?
I said back because you are back
all or nothing and p up down keep 30 minutes in
half a lvl and 1bp worth it
What do you need to cheat
yeah I was afk at the start
Ill be home by then so that works for me
You dont need  backet or scarf
looks like ch6 is calling ur name
I cant wait until laki is behind the tree on a seed u r hard cheating at
are there any glitches that need goombario or he just completely worthless?
did you see him anywhere last seed?
I saw where some mentioned it would be fun if he could be used as an alternative for the weight
ok I just finished eating, what should I do, finish this pikmin 2 romhack im near the end of, or do a rando seed
Imagine being able to pull out Goombario instead of the weight. That would be amazing.
true, I could do both, if I finish this thing quickly I could do a rando
all I've got left is the final hole, but idk how long thats gunna be, could be 30 minutes, could be 3 hours
@Trevbonk I mean, from what I'm getting, he is a dead "weight"
or we could just find Bombette
Laki is better than any fortress key LUL
laki have a key chain in his pocket
A fortress key is only worth more when it comes to Goombario LUL
alot of items to fight dark koopas with cuz u know the game is gonna make u go back
Now you can go back for multibounce
7 fp did I see that right
Oh, I just noticed, are the Rowf and Merlow icons new settings or just branches of existing race settings?
3 in a row sub-4 race finishes for me
Out of curiosity, did you ever find Last Stand?
I had it, just wasn't sure if you would have checked that at any point
Unfortunately waited too long to fight the bottom Blooper
Cant we just overlook the yoshi kids and pretend they are saved while getting the reward Kappa
HP Plus was super good for that race seed, I was at 15 HP most of the seed
Also bc Power Rush was late
It kinda makes sense if you can clear 2, gives Ultra Boots whereas the others only give Rowf
I waited too long to do Spiny Room checks and triple dipped Ruins for nothing papeHands
Rip had nothing, right? I couldn't even afford everything when I went there
Can definitely see that being a fast seed, though, barely any need to double-dip any chapter but 4 basically
uh oh. back and forth like crazy?
Finding Darth Goombidious at the start makes every seed obnoxious mister206Gombidious
Power Bounce on basic enemies moment
I don't suppose you have access to an upgrade block?
It worked for me in the race but I wasn't maxing it out phanto274Shrug
TBH I think I'm better at Spook mashing than Power Shock
Have you done all you can in Fortress?
its gunna be the single gulch check or something stupid like that
You decide to cheat on the seed, the seed decide to cheat on you
If you had Goombario nothing would change Kappa
Maybe you'll get Warehouse Key and be able to Sushie glitch or something
vanilla warehouse key would be legendary
is it better or worse if it's storeroom key
So is jade raven in logic?
Flying partner could be in Deep Jungle, rando likes to do that sometimes
How fitting a Santa dressed Rip Cheeto gave you toy train
Lets post it for others to do LUL
How did that first seed go last stream
I redeemed a seed while you were offline, can you hold off until at least thursday?
How would you feel if Koot was a partner instead of Kooper?
I get it all the time lol
I dont wanna imagine old man koot with his shell
how goes the league? is there a what you call those, tournament bracket?
Heard the other seed was sub 3
Time to do some mad money moves
Just to makes sure to add the help during race notice
Maybe you'll find something expensive in Toybox
And hopefully you don't have to wrestle Shy Guys for it
Feel like vase was there in another seed
HP Plus will at least tide you over until you can afford Last Stand
Hello. I am here to accidentally say anything that may help.
This seed really wants ALL your money
I sometimes mistake the stone cap as boos portrait when I look too fast
Hey Phantom! Good luck on the race phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
I'm sure this jungle water is very healthy
Yeah, I trust the Yoshi Island water.
Mario dives in it without issues
He also dives in the sewer water
Dont get me wrong, Im with you on the water here being fine. I just dont think Mario is the best indicator here though.
point grinding to redeem trash seeds
or really fast one, youll never know
where was jade raven . In toy box?
@paperarioms The hero we all need.
Been good! Work has just been taking over lol
Are there rankings yet within this league? Where do you stand? This is sick
the league doesn't really work that way @ThreeWeenies
so you're only vs a handul of the 20+ players
and as this is season 0 it's more of a "figure out what works/how it should be done" than anything else
the hero we need and deserve
I was saying something like that the other day, if you can get to Deep Jungle but don't have a flying partner yet, your partner's probably just in Deep Jungle
It's probably even reasonable to do Deep Jungle up to building the elevator then leave if you still don't have the partner
maybe not need to spam it??
just getting my !anime fix in
youve got a watchlist that'll last u at least a year now
think I woke the bot up
The bot says I should try... I don't know if that's a good ideaKEKW
Either remaining partner would be nice to find at this point
I missed it where was pulse stone?
phantom, clippping thur the cactus is banned Kappa
Wow, you have every partner except the ones that are helpful, huh
yo the rare return train trip!
Huh... I think if you had walked out the first time, the jail fight would have been skipped but since you came back, it triggered
Paper Mario again? DIdn't you already beat this game?
if everyone who plays in this league became a legend, you could call it a League of Legends
Pro-tip: If you change mario to 3D instead of 2D you gain an extra D
A plane is still 2D even if it's in 3D space
how are you not getting this
Thats not a plain Mario tho, hes dressed as wario
Sounds like someone could make a nice mod then
these fp costs for Bombette are trash
Parakarry is SUPER not in ch6 lol
Mario beats up Santa Claus? No dignity.
Diamond Stone and Miracle Water phanto274Bless
You're alive but bitrate is low
Hows the seed so far? I take it we have found trophy29Goombario ?
Wait nvm my auto Twitch was low res
He was in a Shop in Ch7
Took one look and said goodbye
But he summoned a thunderbolt to try and sabotage this race to no avail Kappa
Are you able to calculate the start from the finish based on the stream start, etc?
I thought you lost the time completely. Well, at least you are still in it.
There's all the expensive stuff the game didn't give you early on
Hello my old friend Blue key
Just speaking about mister206Gombidious made the stream crash Sadge
I wouldn't even say these are "calls" lol they feel like gambles
feels like a troll seed tbhtbh
bombette and parakarry locations feel like it LOL
Just how bad is that record placement? I am curious
the rando banlist: things I will never understand
Clicking the star before you have it is not allowed.
bestow upon me the power of the moderator
and I will enact your will as your Sword
I cant do much more than that.
I got a little too dark. I heard it happened in North Carolina and also South Carolina. FBI I think was looking into the situation
What have we learned about skipping Laki? Kappa
nothing to worry about here, folks
I see a Fire Shield equip, are we considering a Water Block fight?
we gonna see phantom menance strats phanto274Mash
This is just weird seeing you do Bowser with super hammer and super boots
Bowser very cooperative this run, wow
cant believe you did rigby dirty like that
@misterstealyourgil may the mister206Gombidious be with you
yeah it was very close the whole way
you couldnt let rigby win one race?
I think finding Parakarry late ended up being a blessing in disguise for you
yeah rigby checked gultch with 2 keys
he dipped tubba w 2 keys, think that was the biggest hold up
You got go mode around the same time but he had to go back for Skolar
The power outage didnt stop you. Gg
rigby put off winding path too
cool cool. I'm going to eat spicy food for breakfast and watch :P
worst part about all bosses? that toddler in an eggshell.
noted, will keep an eye out if I start working
as long as it's got all the tricks it should be good enough
call Raven a bitch for me if they swing by, I'm waiting for a flight
Now that I think about it, Goomba should've gave you the Action Command key item. That'd made prologue HELLA easier, imo
I just join into some cheating I see
I wont be here for too long have a dentist appt soon
ohh you mean practicing cheating I got u LUL
what is this I was thinking u was gonna actually do it
I soon as I entered I fell oob KEKW
my race is in 1 hour FeelsBadMan
one of the losers is bound to win lmao
Should I try speedrunning this category? Bot told me to but I'm not convinced
flight's about to board, catch y'all later
imagine asking for help setting up a rando without check the resources or faq
Aw but I like peach :(( shes my main on Mario kart
did you write upgrade parakerry before lp LUL
that's good cuz we know u gonna forget
do you even get him, or do you leave him to get fired
Rando has made me forget what ch8 even is lol
ooooo I haven't seen it yet! I still have your video saved to watch
its doesn't look too bad beside the time it take to set it up and try again if u fail
is this just not a traditional all cards run?
yeah but all laki tp are frame perfect
its not that hard to hit but sometimes its easy to miss
all the laki tp I do in rando I can see him
ohhhhh. master is in this category. interesting.
is the timer supposed to be off
alright gtg have fun with the rest
sorry for my noob questions. I've watches you play this game for over 7 months and I still have questions. lol
that rock climb glitch looked crazy!!
idk whats with it but when it comes to console games I just can NOT do no glitches
whether its paper mario or any other console game
I feel so bad for hitting him
that was like less than 10 mins wtf
why not just use FP to kill blooper?
Will exp be factor at all when it comes to badges or Fp?
wait, if you are in a ch5 state shouldnt toy box already have the train?
why be good when you can cheat?
Just... put 2 seeds in your inventory?
is your name pronounced phantom fifty eight hundred, or phantom five thousand eight hundred?
as a scientist, just round it to 76 tbh
idk which my students hate more:
that I round pi to 3, or that when I round pi to 3 I get the right answer
Yoo Phantom! How's it going today? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
early lacki seems dangerous. dangerously fast.
Why couldn't Laki have just been in ch1 in vanilla smh
Good thing you don't need money
What sets it back to ch3? You normally can go back to Tubba's castle, right?
There's probably a backup with Jump x2, sky dive, block 1
that is pretty wild, but I'm very much enjoying this. lol
I guess Anti Guy is later?
I was expecting early Ruins but it's already there
And I also have a save right before
If we couldnt jump on that block it would suck lmao
^ is this a markov chain bot or something?
damn does that mean you can't do it in rando
damn you must really hate mario
would the refresh backup not work here? lol
oh this strat actually made it to the run OMEGALUL
The dupes on the berrys are awkward and will probably take some practice
btw I have no idea how you ended up behind the bushes on the raph skip thing
tried it a bunch of times and itnever happened to me
oh wait I figured it out
if you hold left and mash spin while entering the room you end up behind the bush
if you just do nothing for a sec then mario will clip through
Is there not a Laki teleport here?
upgrading in ch6 is faster by like 3.5
80 ads? at least they're short?!?
Yeah I hadnt thought about it much, but probably coconut since we just throw it away during the dupe on blue berry
First strike on LP is cursed LUL
yo wtf is this the new way for lpoob
I cant wait to run this
I can't wait to watch you run this
Its gonna be really sick, there just so much new stuff
yeah it's just completely different than before
My mindset is probably gonna be spam runs up to ruins stone skip and pray lol
I think itll be the hardest part / least consistent part of the run, but Im gonna keep labbing it
does squirt kill if 4 cap
ISS? just press A, it skips the cutscene
If you encounter that clubba after upgrading kooper, it softlocks so be careful with him
Gotta be at the airport at like 5:30am ughhhh
what are the actual odds on dizzy shell
gimme more of that fail bias
how are you doing in rando league btw?
CK base dizzy rate is 40%
im doing ym 4th race sunday. my group is only 3 people so we're gonna keep going hard
I didn't get to seed that race,
yeah, we're gonna be done way before may lol
gonna race each other 5 times cuz why not tbh
its a lot of fun to do
I wish I could stream them again
oh right, I gotta remember to figure out how to get odd key check from outside
ive been trying to just spin and hammer and it is not working
You have to face right when you press spin
I spin up, hammer right, then spin again and hammer left
maybe im turning before I spin the second time
because that would've saved me a TON of time on my last race
the seed started with kooper in woods fp plus, then odd key in KBF, and odd key check was another KBF key that got you to sushie
yeah, I was pretty annoyed I didn't know how to do it at that point
kooper is such a bro in this run
omg the bot said hi to me jcogBlush
ive never tried it, but block clip appears to be "jump"
so it should be allowed in glitchless
we should get block clip and cannonless added to rando race ruleset
didn't jcog say he thought that was fixed
I've never had that door 1 crash is it only on the newer practice rom
idr if I had it before the latest version
imagine updating anything to the newest version when it comes out
@Jessie876 I hate updating windows. when I choose pdate and shut down, it restarts instead. but when it restarts, it freaks my computer out and my computer claims it's overheating and wont start until I restart it a few times, then windows finishes updating... and shuts down like I asked it to
How are you flying the fuck
some of the first strikes in this game are legit unblockable
some of the koopa enemies are hitting you before the screen finishes transitioning
after door 2 I opt for healing with the maple and skipping the jammin jelly on the stairs because that extra fp rarely makes a difference
"no, don't need a quiz, just try to murder me please"
but it's preference, it's slightly safer to get the jammin
I believe extra that fp only matters if you get 4 cap jr, and 2 dizzy shell dinks on hallway
fun fact, the animation for getting capped on these anti guys is the same as dropping it, so you probably didn't drop it
thats just rude of the game tbh
Mans dosent even have a dizzy animation
I wanted some up 3 goodness
Skipping Kammy in All Bosses smh Kappa
I forget bowser gets +Atk with Star Rod
you can get the island life shroom for a safer final, it's good for a claw backup
spare some for the poor any% runners rn
im doing balanced split math rn NiceSoftlock
don't quite wanna go live just yet
but how do you know that the route works?
you haven't gotten to peach hands
need to route in luigi skip jcogNote
hope they are not as crazy as the last ones
but crazy seeds are the best
I mean it's fun to watch on my end
ooo I like the kooper colour
what happens if you homeward shroom to skip this fuzzy fight?
see that lag? the "RealHardware" tag is real
inject into the wii u emulator instead
which was the official one with the least lag? inject into whichever that one was
I fukken hate renting cars, man
I don't know the specific settings to change in ParaLLEl for a lagless pape
just trying to build a deck for this master duel event tonight
card game people? you gonna ask me to play EDH? You brought an extra deck and player mat for me to play you with?
YuGiOh's a dog eat dog scumbag world
You play commander with like 8 people huddled around a single table?
yeah its anime style event so pretty much if someone play it in the anime that what u can play but some of the better decks been hit so it wont roll dark magician and blue eyes
I was thinking lunalight but all the good stuff is at 1
^ so regular yugioh minus the common anime cards?
Run a Kaiba deck, and call 'em a 3rd rate duelist with an 4th grade deck once you beat' em
I will put my celtic knight on my launcher turtle and use it to attack your life points directly
yeah but it not good lmao
and no suicide threat will stop me
people say yugi was only savage in season 0 but what about that move, huh?
red eyes darkness metal dragon is great in other decks
all good spell cards are hard once par turn now a day
and in a world of synchros, xyz summons and other nonsense, that's not gonna cut it
in a world of great tusks a dunsparce evolution with above median 500+ BST isn't even OU material
I just miss the old yugioh when it was a slower game in general lol
I miss my red eyes darkness + armed dragon deck being GOOD
red eyes fusion is good but the target is banned in master duel
konami said we're all third rate duelists with fourth rate decks
truly cringe the power creep in pokemon
everything in NU was an OU titan once upon a time
regular dunsparce is untiered even though eviolite dunsparce is probably nasty busted
debating if I take a nap or not
I'm not seeing many "former OU titans" in current SV NU except for jolteon and dugtrio
Tauros is in it but only the paldea form so it doesn't count
Pokemon gamers be like "Wugtrio is so bad!" when it's in the same tier as Dugtrio
Jolteon wasn't OU, but on the UU banlist in gen 2 wtf
now you gotta check if it's actually the vanilla fortress key
yeah but they may not be the right keys
If I ever get enough points to redeem give you a seed can I just tell you the type of seed Id wanna watch? Haha
Kappa deal I only have a MacBook
Was that vanilla? Or was that like tree
Was already a vanilla fortress key. Vanilla ruins key maybe?
so items arnt where they supoze to be?
Watched an old vod of you doing an all sanity seed and it was so bizarre seeing you not unpause after eating homeward shroom
looks fine to me even tho I have no knowlage of game lel
it came out in 2001 I believe
AAAAAAAA its older than me by alot then oofi
ah that's where I got the number then
I always love when runs include the use of that badge
Finally an anti chp5 first star
The lp ch5 ch7 start though lol
chapter 5 has a high density of item checks that don't require many items to get to so it usually is easy to get to and worth it to check all of the item spots
just as bad as ch3 without Blooper
has the seed already been chosen for the race against jcog for the hottix
how do u remeber where everything is
Nice, glad to hear it's coming.
Mine did too when I started running lol
Just be prepared to double triple dip everywhere its a 5 hour seed
Can this be a race seed? Haha
I'd much rather super boots than ultra hammer lol
I cant remember if it was this seed or not but and its not a race so I think you missed checking off something
LUL king looks a little nauseous
What happened s if you get in a fight while have goombario out like that
gl, how many seeds you doing tonight?
man what time was it when we saw a partner
define different? I'm looking for something to do tonight
this is the tunnel right, the light should be here
you'll be nutty to do that
I missed it changing a diaper but heard super boots opened so much what was found in boo
I wish this seed was submitted into a race
2 thunders for a fire flower thats a good trade
she lucky she gets a crystal berry today
im struggling to keep up lel
still guy wanted to be able to jump that gap
almost 2hrs late. damn. gl on the rest of the run, are you doing another one after this?
kinda odd to have partners be your last things to get.
I guess it was the best thing to do.
I just hear mario's voice from partner in time going "BABIES"
he's out of sync I guess cause Shrink
2 hours later, finally ch 5
no new partners for the past hour +
I honestly don't think I've ever seen a seed where someone used hammer on final
where was watt?  I had to step away for a bit
This guy will find a way.
I missed it! Where was watt?
This means pyramid stone is Yoshis
I miss getting all the partners
is this the one I redeemed?
but he didnt ahve the points
oh youre one away from go mode
tbh I like when the danger badges are bad lol it's more interesting
Still have yet to witness a hammer Bowser fight, could be interesting if that's what ends up happening
well this seed certainly feels like it was generated to inflict pain
am I the only one who is bothered by the white clubbas having a recolor? they're not white anymore...
Except they're not called that in-game, right?
laki jumps are pretty much all in right
that one is def harder than the usual laki jump because of the fairly specific position required
Would that be in KBF or something?
Is the mechanic of the laki jump the same no matter the spot?
I swear I seen jcog do that 1
Wonder if Laki Jump in a jail cell would be allowed, saves a bit of time in the case of a KBF revisit
can't jump out of the middle one
can you laki jump from the floor?
ye I thought you needed the height
after 3 hours I have finally decided on my deck for the event
is there a setup or visual lol
oh are we talking about allowing early ruins?
yeah that would only matter for full gear shuffle
when will we switch to god's intended ruleset where glitches are unrestricted as long as you don't break logic
which I think if that happens at least the boots jump should be allowed
I mean the fact that hidden blocks exist at all and you can hit them without watt is a huge logic break yeah
by hitting invisible blocks without watt, you're breaking logic
or beating ruins without the 4th key
On a similar note I think I did the ruins jump in one of the asyncs, not realizing it was banned
I mean that's not a glitch but it's not allowed lol
Yeah and that bothers me deeply
what they really should do is prevent cakes from appearing, randomize the green station boxes so that the mystery note is required, and make hidden boxes disappear until you get watt 5Head
that would be so fun right :)
and randomize the ruins stone placments
tbh super hammer might be the single item that opens the most checks
not if you got it in the volcano
so really what I'm hearing in all of this is that we should do full gear shuffle Kappa
do you think full gear shuffle makes better seeds?
If Ruins is your first hammer, you're guaranteed to have Parakarry
So Ruins Jump only logically matters for Ultra Hammer
I think it is more interesting but has a wider range and more possibility for terrible things
I do like that FGS does make it so that ultra boots aren't locked behind ultra hammer
fgs means fun things can happen like getting ultra hammer before boots and doing jumpless volcano :)
I mean I'm talking FGS while starting with boots and hammer but yes
tbh the ultra boots being behind the ultra hammer + laki is great for vanilla, but translates pretty poorly to rando imo
we should move the ultra boots chest to that village with the star kids in ch7
yeah that's my main hate with vanilla gear
yeah I definitely get the reasoning for vanilla shuffle for race settings. I would be interested in some FGS races though
if the ultra boots were possible to get to without any hammer upgrades, it would open the prologue pipe which would be cool
maybe not the FGS + panels that I did recently though
I think FGS is best for casual rando but I see why vanilla is better for races
let's just put goombario in the ultra boots chest and move the ultra boots to the scarf check permanently
ooh like in the warp chest or something?
and everyone didn't like that idea
just make it a toggle then. I love that for races
i'd love a toggle for it or like... a set number of locations where you can find gear upgrades to do a kind of "vanilla extract" gear shuffle
huh I did LTTP rando a year or two ago and don't remember that but it might've been longer ago
cant u just shuffle gear between their own checks
like find super boots in ruins or smth
Are you gonna do another seed after this?
Just got home from school and I wanna see some rando
Fgs adds them into like normal chests and stuff right?
on aside, where do boots spawn if you do jumpless but vanilla gear
I feel like the worst spot for an item is usually its vanilla location
I just think it would be cool to do like.  gear could be vanilla.... or in the pit / fuzzy chest, on gourmet/anti guy, laki / the well, or final blue key check / star stone check
oooh gear among partners would also be good
Like instead of partner you would get gear (
my thoughts were just something in each chapter that would be a good early-to-mid location
though I do like the idea of giving anti guy a bigger chest to guard
maybe if it were broken down like that points tracker. have items w the same point value in that shuffled between themselves
gg (was waiting for you to hit the action command, you never know)
the pause while reading that username
If you don't sub you're a meanie
only the real fans will see this message
was anyone else's ad cut short
I want my Adge back wtf
oh maybe it's that silly little adblocker I installed finally working
arie is busy atm phantom. they be watching ALL of the anime.
no arie. lol. I was just being silly.
full gear with shuffle dungeons. duh.
I think FGSD is pretty obvious here
Yellow Goomb is good luck though
ooh, I like the hammer color
I got yellow goomb my best PB so it's fact
just got back was it a  WeLoveGoombario start?
have I mentioned I hate this game?
At this point marking chapter scaling is more for us than for you lolol
Early Weight with gear shuffle is weird
it's fine cause it'll be vanilla :)
Gil is the guy that rolled all those mean async seeds?
Oh no thats a different Gil who rolls cursed seeds for everyone to practice xD
Lol alright I'll catch you later, gonna lurk for a bit. I'm gonna TRY to finish all my homework for the week tonight, so I can get back to practicing phanto274Lurk
Feels like a lot of key items early for some reason
I was going to thank you for your service, but if youre not that Gil, then I cant.
@pethanct01 lol if its any consolation I roll really bad seeds for myself too
Whats to console, watching Phantom torture himself with these seeds is excellent entertainment
Never seen a man go through the 5 stages of grief as many times as this guy.
You have progress for like, every dungeon
No indication what will be first
Either way, "Ruins" could likely be the first dungeon you have access to
Unclear what dungeon will be there
So now you have/have seen something for EVERY dungeon
Blue Key - Goombario Seed phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
Man, let me say rice pudding slaps so hard
At least you have Super Boots
If you can get Senor Rico.
I just noticed I actually came in at the beginning of a run Pog
Flower Fields in the Ruins? Maybe?
Slight detour to wherever this leads
shoved the whole dang castle in a box
I am now fully moved out and into new apartment PogChamp
I can now join the awful double clippy train
If I can find a new job and get more time, Ill probably do all cards too
Im really glad laki early is a thing now
Cuz all bosses isnt just all cards plus like some extra fights
Its a really good thing this was found
Whats the difference between all bosses and all cards?
Before seed dupe, it was just all cards plus like four extra bosses
But now its actually pretty exhaustive how much has changed
With how much has changed, I can see myself doing all bosses again
Even tho I hate anti guys
in terms of requirements though it's requires beating all of the chapter bosses (not necessarily touching the cards) and beating the optional bosses like Kent C koops and Anti Guy
Thats with the laki clip shenanigans right
LP after huff is actually so fucking cool
All bosses sounds fun but also a lot of new glitch learning
early whale but after ch5 jr usedThinking
For now, Im just gonna be on any% for MM and pape cuz job is time consuming lol
we use the broken egg after beating him up you say
Thank god early whale lzs is dead
Genuinely one of the worst tricks we did in runs
Literally never done in runs until now
Good time for pape speedruns rn
How beginner friendly would it  be, im not a noob but not a prodigy
All bosses might be the hardest category
The gulch is so cringe but its just that part tbh
Basement skip keeps getting more consistent
RAC is kinda cool that it's possible and funny that it's faster than glitchless
Not sure how I feel about you finding dirt in sand.
Yeah day 1 it looked unviable and rng based
What partners are used in this?
A lot easier to justify in any% at least cuz its short
Im back and I see you got my bff!
Sounds like not doing all bosses for a while
there has to be another way to say that lmao
Unfortunately not, thats how bad 3 caps are LUL
Lots of squirting in this new route.
Since this isn't a race... you picked up Sushie btw
Bombette was so happy to see you she laid an egg
but those ppl are liars bc it's 5
noted. I'm gonna start playing this after I finish BCC
I never thought there was a worst chapter.
6 is probably the worst casually
Can someone make a paper mario rando iPhone app? LUL
In a speedrun without rng bias, probably 4
Game is pretty consistent throughout. I do like ch4 a bit more than average
Ch4 toadtown music is a banger
Would you say the "worst" chapter is as bad or better than the worst chapters in TTYD
Ch4 is so annoying for speedruns
I remember when I was a kid, I always hated 3 because tubba blubba freaked me out
i'd play 1-2 regularly, beat 3, then just copy my save file at 4 to replay them over and over
good to know. I enjoy TTYD a lot, but there are chapters where I almost stop playing
I like 6 in runs tho, very movement heavy and besides the rng bee and huff, nothing kills you
I hated the beach fuzzies as a kid. Anything that reminds me of OoT Redeads freaked me out as a kid. Plus the color of the fuzzies was kind of gross.
I've played TTYD exactly once, I just couldn't get into it
6 and 8 might be my favorite to run through quickly
Ch5 glitchless is also very fun
I played ttyd before 64 but love both
Must be a cursed seed for you to have mister206Gombidious
issue number one: thicc ghost Kappa
rando made me appreciate 64 a lot more tbh
cut down on the backtracking of 6 for ttyd too
I would argue it would be spot on perfect without those
yeah, that part is a slog
which chapter is the one with the guy where you got to guess his name?
lol I asked him right as you started describing it, that one is a lot back and forth
ttyd ch6 doesnt rly have backtracking tho? I dont think anyway
If we had speedy spin in ttyd that wouldn't be terrible
yeah but I still really like 4
I used to really like Ch3 but something changed for me where I'm not as hot on it
6 was train iirc which was 3?
playing ttyd ch6 makes me want to crash the train a quarter of the way in
ch6 is a great chapter the first time you play it.
a lot of ttyd is really cool during the first experience (except 2)
3 is the pit I think
I loved 6 as a kid
I should say except 2 and the first half of ch7
chapter 2 is flat out never fun. There, I said it
First half of 7 can rot in hell
I feel like with the exception of ch2, ttyd has mixed feelings for which is the "worst chapter"
What is ch7 I dont remember much about TTYD
wish I knew about that glitch as a kid
and it's actually a debate for people as opposed to 64 where like
Just now remembering I have Origami Salami that I need to play still
a lot of people dislike 6 but there's not a ton of debate about the other chapters
I haven't played a Pape since sticker star
sticker star is just bad with all the backtracking
@goldenexperience I actually really liked Origami King
stream was good, Rando actually didn't bully me today
@trevbonk yea the wiggler back track stevie149BadRNG
super pape was the last one I played, still holds up
finally in the sub 4 rando club haha
@eidritchdiidos the last one out of the original trilogy that still holds up
also got to 2 turn final bowser which is always fun
if the game is gonna give me 2 power rush (7bp) Mega Rush (3bp) Power Rush (4bp) cheap P-up D-down and cheap All or nothing i'm going to use them
I ended with max BP after using Chet Rippo with minimal additional encounters
my last few seeds have forced me to get 20 & 30 Star pieces for key items
so I just route in a bunch of star panels
I needed 20 today and ended up with 19 when I checked Merlow I was Sadge
Dark laki is a nice recolor
I see a concerning reaction after you got dolly LUL
Boo's Portrait could potentially be go mode for 4
iiive beeen watching but me neeeds to sleeeeepssss nyaaa   thanks for tonight
why of course I did, streamer.
You mean all that info is right here?
absolutely. I need that fat content.
I always knew Goomba king was the undead commander of mister206Gombidious
Hes not dead If he is the undead Kappa
I can think of a couple things you've skipped
Dark Koopas make me wanna cry when they combo you with the dizzy
I never knew you could block the dizzy attack until a few weeks ago when I saw someone do it
This sure is a seed YEP
Hiya Phantom! How's the seed been? Also hope your night has been good phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
This seed is the one who knocks.
This cursed seed is the patented trademark of mister206Gombidious
You can finally clear the Ruins! ...on the 4th visit
Gotta love mandatory Ruins double dip
I feel like every seed you do is bad in some way.
I see Goombario has made an appearance on this seed as well
And such an appearance comes at a price LUL
Goombario was the starting partner for like, a minute before we found Watt
Ah so this seed was cursed from the start Smadge
oh no Sadge but glad you found Watt fast
Hows last run go? Checkin in before bed
Time to demolish Tutankoopa on out 4th trip to Ruins
I cant wait for the 5th trip back to use the last ruins key
Why isnt tracker lit for chp2 being beatable
5th trip back to ruins would be so POGGERS
The content a 5th trip would bring, last locationing kooper, priceless.
Magical Seed, Boo's Portrait, Kooper would each reveal a new dungeon
Late Volcano seems likely, could be on a mountain
Weird that it's locked behind 2 chapter clears though
Hahaha your facial expressions are on one tonight
Ultra boots seeds are always trolly
2 whole dungeons locked behind Ultra Boots locked behind 2 chapters...
Anyone else get a chocolate craving looking at all the doors here?
I noticed that a few days ago. Look like hershey bars
im too high for this pls
also good luck with your rando laichaLove
What if each door was shuffled in here too
Imagine complete loading zone rando. Thats would be insane one day
I look forward to playing full entrance rando approximately once
Full entrance with all the other settings on Kappa
oh, so youre saying you dont wanna impliment something like that on pmtracker :^)
The doors randomized works for aLttP, not sure how well it translates to an rpg like this.
I wasnt saying doing logic for it, I more meant like a drag and click map builder to keep track of loading zones
I was gonna ask how its going but damn sounds rough
This was not what I was expecting...
Forgot about the block, the chest is a checl
Why couldnt you do ultra boots check before? What am I forgetting about it. I realize that I forgot the boos portrait blocked that cellar shop
Well there's access to every dungeon
hope you didn't want any items lmao
Good thing we don't need to double dip Toybox lol
No wonder why toy box is hidden so well from the world up in the mountains LUL
is this seed going better 8)
what you randomize in this one
single most annoying enemy in the game
Go mode three chapters, thats good.
another run after this? my sis has never seen rando. gonna throw it on the TV
Should be free means it is free with you Kappa
you should only be worry when I redeem a seed Kappa
Good evening good evening from the east coast!
Yeah, just made it in my door like 5 min ago and the suns slowly going down
still pretty light out where I live
Heard there would be a slight derivation
so is chapter 6 gonna be the 1st chapter clear
I will be very surprise if huff is the 1st boss
I thought Sphere 0 were your starting items like hammerr and boots
every second rando community defines sphere 0 differently lol
According to the pm64r spoiler log, sphere 0 is not your starting items. your starting items are listed as "starting items" instead
doesn't the log say sphere 0 is the stuff u have access to without picking anything up
ice get outta my head lmao
this looks like the one I sent
are you playing th3 Axl seed?
was about to ask, this didn't look like a shortened bootler scene
is the seed older or did you actually turn off the shortening, axl
does this mean we seeing the peach fight
woah that double spin jump thing
first time I saw it was by paperario
im eating real food again, its so nice!
as in not smoothies and pudding
You wanted Goombario and Slow Go
Did you ever play the pokemon tcg game?
Did you play during the gen 1 and gen 2 eras?
That's an awful lot of stuff for Ruins you got already
Did that fuzzy hit the block or was I just seeing things.
There's an item that heals 64 FP...
What is new content in prison like?
Fitting mailbag reward. U give them the bag and they give you the piece of mail for you
These Plus badges better be good
bombette looks like she is stuck in Sonic Frontiers cyber space LUL
And this folks is where we improvise
is canceling triple dip in vanilla too?
Definitely looked like Fortress should have had something
I guess this is an old seed?
Good thing we picked up Parakarry
I dunno. This seed looks stupid. Blooper > Bow > Red Berry > Warehouse key
ive learned that spook wont work on flipped koopas KEKW
I'm setting up right now xD
I think you're just numb to the garbage at this point
Do you think in item spheres when youre running seeds?
okay cool lol I was curious about that. Normally when I take like paper notes, its on what I get out of logic and thats about it
Okay awesome lmao. Like I had a seed the other night, where I got watt in Shiver Region, but found kooper and 3 fort keys in hidden blocks
And I was going back and forth on whether to dive ice or leave after snowman inn check
putting off tubbas was a mistake in my last race, its always a gamble tho
I said id check gulch if I dont find bow, I found her in boo shop so I dipped
I didn't know where was an upgrade block there
how long have you been playing this LUL
I'd have alot more hour in if people would stop setting new times in harvest moon xD
I remember when I used to play other games... IDK what happened there lol
The only reason I play Pape now is because Jcog kept fighting me for my Karen time xD
I admire it so much how you can do the math that fast, I debate which move to use for like half of my fights lol
what id do is say I get charge up to 10, 10+9+8=3x9 so I know a 3 cap will get me to 27 dmg
1 Key away from being able to beat Ruins...
whats the best way to get coins in vanilla? money money and refund?
It's what you get for immediately swapping after Goombario LUL
Apple TV just launched a trailer for a Tetris movie about its inception, but legend has it, it took years to write the script. Because every time they finished a line it disappeared.
oh btw, did you see erothaurs new bn6 trick?
its in a PB vod now OMEGALUL
So I mentioned im sending off my gamecube and GBA. With it Im sending BN1 and 2 to get batteries replaced. I put them in DS cases I dont care about. So they are in Biggest Loser and Call of Duty Black Ops OMEGALUL
Welp, that's 2 chapters to work with
a guy I worked with was "hey want some DS games?" yeah sure! I got new super mario bros, zelda spirit tracks, sonic colors, and some shovelware
Went to get food. Hows seed
Was the food orange by any chance?
Are you doing two seeds tonight?
Perfect, youre very helpful to have on while I do chores.
Why not evolve you eevee with it now?
Cause Sushie can already use Surf
but what if bombette is here
That would be good for streamer
do you have any scenarios where you will grab hammer upgrade before pokey room?
so is your love for this seed growing like the grinches heart?
surely they wont all be badly placed
oh phantom, are we allowed to jump off the koopa to hit that hidden block?
ive never seen anyone do it, but someone brought it up. Dont rememberr who
if the one in chapter 1 is allowed I dont see why not
you could get it early if you only have super hammer
pretty sure it not allowed but I doubt anyone would care if u do it
how is that different from the chapter 1 scenario?
Like... the seed you played yesterday? lol
It's slow and almost always late in logic anyway
were you for or against full gear shuffle?
will u be against it if there was extra boots in ch8?
I dont think ultra boots are an issue
I would love to see another fgs race sometimes the logic is cool like fighting all the bloopers
I was so proud I was able to do it LUL
I did a lot of full gear practice when the discussion was going on and that was the only seed where early super blooper was required
Full gear shuffle is pretty volatile to me, but I've only done 2
tbqh, calling the weekly races beginner friendly I personally find a stretch. You can just roll a bs seed with ch7 scale first, bad badges, unusable partners
not a fan of progressive, I did it once and by the end I had 4 chapters scaled to 7
There's issues with progressive as well, yea
along as it not early ch4 scaled to 7 I'm fine with pretty much anything
fuck shy guys with 11 hp
I mean, sure, if you have to enter a ch7 scaled area but you don't actually fight anything, then there's no problems. But that's not a great argument imo
if I have a fright jar and or bow upgraded then it fine
My first 5 seeds had to have been 7 scaled LP SadgeCry
ive recently learned that hurricane works on bullet bills
all I know is I enjoy it the way it is and dont know what id want changed
only thing else is scary is early ch7 jr at ch 5 6 or 7 scaled but like that gonna happened
To be fair, JCog doesn't really like any metagaming
Is that vanilla palace key? LUL
no thats p up d down
im surprised vanilla waits so long to give it to you
But the usual palace key rule of either showing up early or being in the way in 7
I mean, the scaling algorithm in progressive sucks for sure. But we can fix that. It's just hard to prioritize if there doesn't seem to be any demand on the discord
Honestly the only combat thing I would like to see is being able use Goombario instead of the weight to open up new possibilities in seeds since he is dead weight LUL
@Icebound777 you guys can see how many progressive seeds are made right?
Sad that progressive still hasn't recovered from capped XP
ngl I feel like progressive is easier for newer runners
If it never had capped XP to begin with, it would probably already be standard
since imo.  they're more likely to get stopped by the math for a lot of the harder fights
(i'm one of those runners, math is hard and I suffer in fights)
If LP just wouldn't be 6/7 scaled that would be cool since it's usually the first clear
I mean, I'm trying over here. People are underleveled in progressive? get rid of xp cap. people are underleveled in race seeds? xp multiplier. People hate no ultra boots on final bowser? locked ch7
really at this point we should just have 2 settings strings, one thats easier for newer people and something slightly harder
Can't force people to try new stuff
we do appreciate it icebound <3
I did it in extremem async KEKW
I feel like locked chapter 7 has the same issue 4 seeds 6 has
on fgs locked 7 probably be fun
fgs locked 7 either gives you really late 7 access or really early ultra boots
late 7 is nice, wont have to full clear it
There was discussion about setting up freak settings races, just to try some interesting combinations. Too bad nothing came of it
ngl I think that would be fun.  having some other settings for races
friday night races to test settings maybe?
I may need to try progressive on race settings... jcogThink
just dont let axl roll the seeds
progressive still has three big flaws. 1) it scales linearly, which is out of touch with how key items are actually collected, 2) it scales on some really weird items, and 3) it scaled to ch8, not to 7
Our Echoes Rando weeklies cycle each week between standard starts and random Elevator starts
lol I would like to change up some rules each season of the League tbh
I got kind of hopeful for friday night races for a second just cuz I can't do sundays ;;;;;;;
and don't let gil roll the seeds either
even if theyre just small changes
one day I will race.  one day.
@Icebound777 yea... scaling to 8 is yikes...
Not a way to lock bowser at 8?
had to step out, did you find anything since entering gusty gulch?
axl you know what was in castle
its been like 2 weeks lol
ill never forget the horrors of this seed
2 seeds is around 8 hours for me adamx0RIP
I've got a busy couple nights ahead. Majora's Mask Randomizer is wrapping up the Mystery Tournament and Grand Finals start tonight
clubbas disappear after tubba, why dont shyguys disappear after LP?
sush bot ive done that already
ruins > scarf > bombette > melody > cook book > antiguy KEKW
welp, time for high scale koopa bros
congrats, rigby, paperario, and I all DNF'd this seed lol
caught em during break time, neat
is kammy in all bosses Kappa
my first time in toy box I didnt have parakarry yet, that sucked
Open prologue takes quite a bit of importance out of super hammer, and also widens sphere 0 to allow for more varied start between racers. I dig it, personally
and also, no goomba king cutscenes
open everything for biggest variety lol
literally too many options nobody even tries 'cause habits Sadge
open Prologue make the super hammer almost uselss
mario's 1st battle? a Blooper - no big deal
This is VERY SUS having super hammer like this with gear shuffle on LUL
I love the music in this game
Bring back pitch shift rando Kappa
I am of a rare breed. One who enjoys it
I played the demo for return to dreamland deluxe and Im so excited
Next friday bout to be lit
I can name a game you never played DK64 Kappa
fun fact, the dk64 randomizer has a setting where it's just the vanilla game, but with the QoL changes for the rando
Why not use a post-prologue save file for vanilla bingo
Well, don't need to go that far then. Use a save file from the post goomba king peach cutscene save
I wonder how rando bingos are. I know there's a channel about that on the discord, but I never looked into it
Letter to Merlon? Or am I confusing seeds
Oh yup I am confusing seeds lol. Was watching an all sanity earlier
ok this track isnt as good but I love the forest
bingo channel doesnt get a lot of attention, last comment was from November lol
ive seen rigby and others do vanilla bingo tho
but you did bn6 bingo LUL
can you see this room in the dark? Its just pitch black on the stream
oh so its not like "find 3 HMs" "find 5 different pokeballs" ect.
I think a cool one would be "catch the same pokemon in 3 different pokeballs"
phantom wants to breed perfect IVs
thats what your gamecube is for
sad it was Pokmon Xd and whatever
I lost my copy of XD is a runner, I never played it in like 15 years lol
It was a cool concept but if they had better options it would be so much better
it was complete in box too
if they expanded on it, I'll be fine
"here lets ignore this cool concept for the rest of time instead of polishing it and making another"
I heard that, that team knew nothing about pokemon
just give me more pokemon games where I get to steal pokemon from the bad guys okay
i'm right there with you phantom it's okay
I don't think i've been satisfied by a mainline game since hg/ss
oh by the way, in the first seed... goombario was sphere 16 in peach's castle LUL
back just showed bear the wonders of 7tv
huh...ya I just found my gameboy pocket with my copy of fire red in there I agree
the phantom head roll should be an animated 7tv emote KEKW
5th gen was the last great gen, I still enjoyed XY enough to national dex, lets go is fun bbut verry not the same. I feel like modern pokemon the only thing that could bring me back is lets go
I think the side games generally have more interesting stuff going on than the main games at this point
i'm still kind of sad my copy of conquest got stolen before I could 100% it :c
would you say pokemon conquest was the worst selling?
gen 5 spinoffs were mid as shit
gen 6 spinoffs had somethin at least
completely demotivated me to redo it
I actually like conquest since it introduced a lot of really cool concepts
oh yeah, that was jpn/eur only
also the speedrun route includes jolteon
and the post-game was surprisingly solid too
oh damn, anyone remember pokemon dash KEKW
i've never felt the need to 100% a mainline pokemon game.  but I always wanted to conquest + at least one mystery dungeon
and thats a gen 4 spinoff
Dash was my first and one of the first DS games
I tired a rom on GBA, dungeon isnt for me
mystery dungeon explorers of sky is the best one
Dungeon was a favorite of mine
lol I just liked red/blue rescue team because the pokedex was small enough to make it easier to 100%
have you ever played pokepark tho phantom
once you are elimenated from top 10 I shall reign supreme
game freak always had sub optimal performing games. Remember how slow the battles were in diamond and pearl?
real talk though, I do find it sad that go has better models now than most of the main games
and baffling.  can't forget baffling that this is a thing too
I wish game freak would go back to GBA LUL
you mean saving a lot of data
you would love saving in BN5 DS Kappa
was the data claim just a lie?
i'm suddenly getting war flashbacks to "four tile feebas" and I cringed
lots of data, little information FeelsBadMan
then I remembered "turn your ds upside down for malamar" and sighed even louder
less I didn't want to, more who thinks of this if they aren't using a guide lol
I think the idea was you exchange data with your friends so the feebas tiles are the same and you all hunt for it together until someone finds it
I still think the evo methods for sylveon vs umbreon + espeon is.  v dumb.
Walking 1000 steps wouldn't be so bad if there was a way to know how far you'd walked
I thought they were still on "does it LOVE you though"
or the pokewatch thing from dpp
in HGSS to evolve feebas you had to have Daisy [blue's sister] massage it 8 times. Oh you can only do this in a 4 hour window.
remember the ball charm things that would add animations onto pokemon entering battle
I would imagine so when status ailments apparently lag their games /wheeze
pokemon lets go, having the pokemon look back at you LU
everything I see with modern pokemon games just makes me so glad I passed on getting a switch
are you talking about modern pokemon or modern paper mario Kappa
I had every other handheld console since gba from nintendo specifically for pokemon but
I was good to pass on swsh and I only regret it for missing new snap
modern paper mario also hurts my soul
didn't you kind of have to do that with the og game?
oh yeah, thats why I stopped playing
I thought the river + the tunnel was points-based
but they didnt make you grind for points
hello! I am gigga drunk from sweden :D I don't know much about papermario speedruns though
what phantom means is don't worry even if you knew, not a lot of it would make sense anyway
did you check shrink stomp chest KEKW
you ever done a run where you take a shot for every companion or something? lol
what is the goal of a papermario rando?
kill bowser in cold blood with a timer
ideally also record it so you can be tried in a court of law
the goal of paper mario rando is to find goombario Kappa
pape rando: the universes where bowser was a LITTLE more competent at trying to prevent mario from stopping him (but only a little)
not a real run if goombario isn't retrieved
it's in the rulebook for sure
Glenn, in the last seed he was in peach's castle
I leaned in on my screen too
oh I nearly have 30k points again
Im catching up! I hit 400
UGH why is he sick again
he does look a bit over the weather
dont eat that cake, it poisoned Laki
it's the poisoned cake from ttyd
thats a nice noise gate you got therre
@Axl_SR I will do a re-sub thing when I have the money!
oh yeah, did I tell you me and a few others got followed botted last weekend?
I was thinking your neighbors sere arguing too loud and you were going over to yell at them. I may have an overactive imagination.
we don't know where they came from, but it was like 1.5k bots
I had that happen once, I was in the middle of bn2 and got like 38 LUL
you somehow have both ultra hammer and boots but only one star spirit?
Yoo Phantom! How's it going tonight? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
yeah in a race, sounds like too much
come on seed, give him a break phanto274Bless
that sounds like a good change!
ya thats where I'd be if I owned this house too...in a box...
because it's all in the toy box
heyo. hope the runs are going well
I would say this seed is ok since you got boots and hammer early
oh interesting. is that what y'all are doing for hotfix? sorry for all the q's...
Rowf just wants you to sing your soul away and give it to mister206Gombidious
Pay your fees and sign the contract with the devil Kappa
Laki is looking kind of paranormal today I think he looks like a ghost riding his own fart cloud Kappa
Better to full clear 7 for nothing than double dip Ruins, I guess
What a place to put crystal berry LUL
I think its time for bed, thought you were in the opposite side of the room.
3 hrs ahead of you. Good luck.
agree. cause food tastes good. sleep doesn't taste good
Speaking of sleep, it's Bedge time for me as well, I've got a league race in the morning
rubix just finished his first Pape Glitchless Wii VC with a 5:54:30
that 5 cap did 80 dmg LUL
But forced Goombario is just pure evil
That FP cost is the result of mister206Gombidious manipulating this seed to his evil LUL
that gross bow is useless then
I wonder whats gonna happen first... bn3, book of mario, or ttdy glitchless sub 7 LUL
I will gladly watch any of the settings raysLurk
Agreed, also 2 of each? 
Wow who could have seen this coming YEP
2 min in and super boots?!?
2 mins in and we in chapter 7 what
Will Bump Attack ever be useful in Progressive?
Not unless you start higher leveled
I used Bump Attack on Pokeys and Stone Chomps in my race seed this morning YEP
I also definitely forgot you even had boots raysL
boots and hammer upgrades in 10 minutes is nice
I read the past bin, which of these options are you using for this seed
I was going to say Ruins doesn't have anything but then I remembered Super Hammer
This is not a good seed then.
blue key never gets to shine
I guess thats why its blue
only 17 minutes late! that might be a PB for me! also, hello. (:
Shuffle dungeons always seems a little trolly by giving you items for all the dungeons and not indicating which you'll find next
I'll be lurking kinda hard atm. ufc fights are on. 
did u start with super boots or find with within the 1st min?
oh! I'm finally getting my computer rebuilt tomorrow. 1500$ later. lol
Shuffle dungeons with shuffled rooms would be interesting. Shuffled world is a little too much.
I mean, he's not going to get any easier...
You'd need Ultra Hammer still but yeah, that could be rough
Lets you enter Tubba's Castle wherever it is
And that other thing with the toys?
PHANTOMMM UAIGBFUOIBGUIBNUGOI:n   I made it lel
desert is full of maple syrup
I'm about to enjoy a family steak dinner
@CaptainMD13 Lucky im stuck with hospital food
So, uh, 1 item from fighting Huff after finding Flower Fields...
Honestly really helps that you're up towards my dinner time. Makes for a good show
I'm not a big fan of maple syrup
Not a syrup guy either. Butter is my kind of breakfast topping.
Hospital food is certainly a thing. Hopefully you arent limited
5:46 here on the East Coast
East Coast, where we experience 2 seasons per week
used to it at this point
We didnt have a winter this year.
We just had Fool's Spring. We're now in 3rd Winter.
ahh yes fool spring great isn't it
my winter usually lasts about 6 months...lol 
No what happened is that the groundhog got it wrong. We weren't getting 6 more weeks of Winter, we're getting Winter in 6 weeks
You must be further up than me. Its snowed once in CT.
Actually, CT meself. Close to center
Yeah, we had one good snow near XMas, then a couple mild ones late Jan (I live on a mountain so it's chillier up here)
@CaptainMD13 u live on shiver mountain?
We're pretty high up (~600 ft)
Im in central CT, South of Hartford.
This Winter has been a joke. Its sickening.
you need its head of of the shell
Yeah. There's some models that are pointing to a Nor-Easter 1st of March but it's too far to call well
Right then, let's go find Flower Fields
Hey, if you are near East Hartford. The Courant just came out with an article saying about 20 restaurants were cited with health violations. One of the weirdest was a Chinese restaurant with moldy shelves.
Yikes. Nah, I'm closer to New Haven
And that stinks cause I like Chinese Food (Chicken w/String Beans and Dumplings is where it's at)
Near the Pizza capital. CT is a weird place.
There are definitely some good Chinese food in the area. Just not in East Hartford
70 year old Chinese restaurant. Must be a staple of the region
I was living in Greenwich for a while for work and there was a nice place just past the state line that had great dumplings
Holy hell Rigby just shat it all???!!!
He is somewhere until the weekend ends LUL
Dont forgot the Pokmon trend tag.
It must be Croagunk, knowing Phantombot
Also did you see the first BN6 race today? Somehow the person doing Falzar version won over Gregar LUL
What was it? I dont do twitter
expanded sphere 0 sounds kinda wild
Oh, how are you handling the Book of Mario. Are you gonna have like a Live Studio Audience? I've found those reactions to be the most hilarious
that doesn't count. he was forced on you. l0l
Russ T giving you the curse of losing IQ points LUL
Ink vs Crayon and ink won using Falzar at the end
Thats what I would expect. I just saw the channel is at 830. Just 170 away from the book of mario
What do you know, that's also the number of randos you've done
there's some pretty niche dialogue in this game
All the toad names are puns.
Yike Yackey in Chapter 3. Takes up residence in the Windmill
yo, didnt notice you werre live
Could be time to beat Flower Fields finally YEP
Just need Blue Berries and Bombette to completely toss the place
Whatever the worst it could be, it shall be.
When will a mod come out to give higher levels like chp 3 would be the easiest then it would go to *chp 9 (made up stats)
So when you beat the Volcano dungeon, whick area's post-clear checks open up?
Ah, so the dungeon interior matches the post-game area, got it
Heart guy is in the jungle?
It was an intentional decision so scalings would match
I thought they were only in toyboc
Not sure why that wasn't also applied to bees and such but phatno274Shrug
How did your race go today Axl?
I won my race today phanto274Smile
probably cuz bee atk hurt alot and I can see them not wanting new players to get destroy
Just yesterday I was talking with phantom about jumping on dark koopa to hit hidden block and the race seed had weight in it OMEGALUL
out of logic weight would be huge
Bees in the forest what is this world coming to?
@pethanct01 its coming to when even the smartest toad loses IQ points and forces mister206Gombidious upon you
I think goombario was in a shop maybe?
I always run pass everything in that room as a kid
yo phantom how's the seed so far?
oh another full gear shuffle then
lol I was literally about to say its been almost an hour since last boots
That's Chapter 5 for ya folks
inb4 vanilla ultra hammer (assuming vanilla volcano)
you know what, sure, I already hate this seed i'm working through with all of my being, i.  think it needs to be shared.
bombette and the key gonna be switched
did that redeem go through /squint
it's normal race but it's so bad
When we redeem a playthrough, how do we communicate which game we want and how do we know when you play?
oh okay :'D never done it before so that's my b
honestly I rolled it today so I think the id itself is still good?
Okay, thanks. Im assuming if its a game you cant do. We would get refunded and try a different game? I could also state a back up in the redeem.
I am 23k away from redeeming it
has anyone ever done the speedrun one
i'm waiting on my timer to reset to continue after I messed it up but.  it's so bad, I had to share it
Im saving for the speedrun one got delayed. Paperario and I wanted to see the seed from last night LUL
The game I have in mind, you may not play because you would have to buy it so I will provide a back up when I redeem.
10/60k mean just one you already know?
I wanna make him do luigis mansion KEKW
Im saving for pokepark 2 all friends
I got a jp 1.0 cart of oot a while back but havent touched since I moved
that poor shy tried so hard to run away
Are casual playthroughs on the list or can I just pick whatever and you either accept or decline the redeem?
I played the 3ds one once I couldn't get into it
Lol thats fair. Ill remember to provide a back up so you arent locked into a request.
it took me a while to find a screwdriver to switch the backs so it would be compatible
@hahaphd loves when people hit the bee tree
its the only jp cart I have. so I just switched the back w a very lightly used nascar 99 cart from growing up
my swap the back of my pape cart, if there is anything else I wanna play imported ill just put it on my everdrive.
lol we barely played it growing up. if we did it was just driving backwards and stuff. far superior sports game is nhl 99
I think I swapped with mickey speedway usa
Bow had Amy Rose's Piko Piko Hammer LUL
That's a lot of dungeons you can beat
so eldstar has a 5, does that mean yoshis island takes you to fortress or did I have that backwards?
oh gods.  well.  hopefully my storage cubes didn't absorb the smell of smoke as well as the vinyl i'm trying to get out of them ;;;;
So wait, if this isnt Tubbas Castle, how do you get to the Windmill during the escape?
i've never been so disappointed to step outside and smell smoke in my life
hour into my current seed, kinda hate it already, started with garbage child, had to beat a 4 scaled ch 5 at lvl 2, and its looking like im gunna get ultra hammer as my way to get super boots
which of the 3 settings is this seed?
and 7 is closed to force ultra boots?
what u think of the seed so far? I think it a little too open too soon
welp.  I guess I gotta just keep airing them out and hope they air out enough to stop smelling by next wednesday
Gear shuffle opens things too soon if its the right placement for boots or hammer
with blocks being visisble, logically watt is only needed for general guy?
Required for General Guy, Yoshis, and sometimes Whale
Well, there's the second to last dungeon
Hopefully Flower Fields is on Pleasant Path and not Shiver Mountain
I do have to say, Dungeon Rando looks a lot more manageable than I thought it would be.
bot may need to rethink its approach with women in the context of button mashing
I sure hope the bot doesn't get us demonitized one of these days. XD
Demonetization doesn't happen on Twitch and Phantom's not monetized on YT yet so...
the bot will find a way
so rich. casually throwing away ultras and ignoring jammin jellies
The answer is simple. Bombettw ultra boots locked on mountain Kappa
Can I just say I'm glad Amazee Daisys don't appear with random enemies in the randomizer. XD
They should in extreme async LUL
gods I got so excited to restart the hell seed only to realize I still got another hour before my timer catches up from the accidental reset
So if you life shroom do you keep the charge?
You need some eye rolling emotes LUL
3+Spiny Flip would have also worked at that point
4+Spiny Flip would have killed 2 charges ago as well
yellow yoshi doesnt take healthy juice right
yellow yoshi is many things but a health nut is apparently not one of them
god fucking damn it this seed is another stupid ultra hammer - super boots, this game sucks
bombette and palace key is all you need right? well plus tubba ket
3 items from go mode and one of them is Bombette, how did we get here?
Then again, Parakarry was my second-to-last item for go mode this morning
maybe kooper will give you bombette as a thanks for returning his shell
I'd be down but it'd be a big change
I agree with that one, laki jumps are literally the easiest trick
Did anyone ever bring up the idea of glitch logic races?
As a separate thing from the Sunday weeklies
and one of five who could do it XD
I'd be down but my list of glitches is a bit shorter
It could also be interesting at some point to have a "no glitches in logic but everything legal" race
Imagine being 4 minutes in a race seed, starting with Watt and seeing 8FP power shock Kappa
Laki + Bombette = free Ultra Boots with glitches assuming vanilla gear
i'd be so fascinated to watch the "no glitches in logic but everything legal" race ngl
If someone's willing to do double Clippy for first boots lol
I just realized that I cant even get super boots rn, I have laki and odd key, but no bombette and still no weight
I have ultra hammer and im betting this 25 star piece storeroom key is locking one of those two
Oh neat, it's Ginger Bread Guy again!
It could be Super Blooper, but if it is, it's weird that you've gotten this far without her
... kind of weird that "shrunk for 2 turns" doesn't mean "enemy is still shrunk for the attack after next"
but the AI treats it that way so no baby summon? ... odd
Well, at least Bombette wasn't sphere 0 blooper. XD
Seems likely that that may be the case, not sure what the logic is or should be there
was it the room after the stairs to the boss? bc if so that would also be 4th ruins key logically
I thought logic did consider homeward shroom though
well, alternatively I just suck at writing logic
I've watched a few seeds with no bombette and things in boo mansion basement
which might be the case, looking at the ruins code
so you would technically need bombette to get out
yeah, seems like ruins key 4 is in logic w/o bombette, I'll change that for next release
no bombette this late. holy smokes
So that Ruins check should require either Hammer + Bombette or 4th Key
Bombette go mode is wild even with incorrect metagaming
I think that's the best snowmans gift I've ever seen. wtf. lol
it would have been better w bombette
are you free later this evening? I have a few problems that I would appreciate you getting rid of
how many life shrooms have u found this seed
or I can borrow parakarry, just lmk
clubbas are supposed to be the sleepy ones
Reminds me of the time Fright Jar dinked on 3 Shy Guys
She's going to be on the Kooper block, isn't she?
Weirdge this feels like no ace
time to go beat ch7... volcano
that would of been nice a couple mins ago
is the post office holding our friend hostage
Are we gonna have another "Fuck the Post Office" moment?
"Do you think someone left these as a present for you, Mario?" Who ever the mystery snowman gift person is he deserves a sub!
And it won't the be the last
you should have known better than to try to put a bob-omb in the mail, mario!
........ having one this close to fire also feels like a bad idea
Last location Bombette for go mode... wow
No funny Tubba chase this seed Sadge
what, may I ask, is a funny tubba chase?
@keo314 Tubba's Castle is somewhere else, you leave, end up somewhere random, and have to walk to windmill from the other side
ok, I want to see that
so does it move the entire toy box or
@Starry_Arie yeah, you can hop in at toad town and end up at crystal palace
I'm watching this ufc fight. and this one guy has connected with over 35 leg kicks. insane. sorry. just ranting. lol.
you saw the recipe book though
I'm watching this pape fight. and this one guy has connected with over 35 power bounces. insane. sorry. just ranting. lol.
omg jcog in that rando race a few weeks ago?!
blooper one hit. TWICE. just. wtf.
bombette was in tubbas behind 2 keys, I know theres a third tubba key she locks as well
mystical key should be in the item pool
eyyyyy time to get my time on that seed so I can know how ashamed of my abilities i'm gonna need to be
I mean, so is prologue and the deep sewers
just remove the whole sequence EZ
Imagine full entrance rando and you leave the room, wander around a while, then wander back into one of the chase rooms where Tubba Blubba is waiting for you. XD
is crystal palace in toad town garden lmfaooo
I'd say it's quite the contrary
bow is looking awfully ghostly this seed
White and Blue are both good
goombario are terrible. Cooper has some not great ones
I'll go get dinner during the epilogue
I'll ask someone else to microwave me leftovers
I don't miss the days when the microwave made the wifi cut out...
woa, kammy so bad she got off-screened
on the bright side, now I can bring the laptop out to the yard and have a beer and watch streams?
dayGG that last cap though was insane LUL
can't wait to see the next one!
definitely missed too much of the fun
I did try a ad blocker did not work
the one I have works on youtube and only sometimes on twitch lol
@blacktiger51 it does on my desktop, just not my laptop for some reason
youtube adds are fine u can skip 90% of adds
but Canadian, so I think I also get fewer ads
I was contemplating getting turbo, but I figured youd get more cash from a sub
youtube ads are really annoying when you use it to listen to music lol
and then you have to keep tabbing back in to skip them and stuff
@keo314 my 1 streaming I watch like to play 9 adds in a row and im in canada
I get the same ads and it's 1-3
Streamer, please look at the WiiU Gamepad.
This isnt Star Fox Zero KEKW
Does progressive scaling mean you are logically going in the correct order? Or if you choose to enter a chapter you make it the next level?
Aw too good to be true Sadge
Oh ok, just like an open world game
someone in the dev discord calls progressive "Breath of the Marios" and I hate it
so you don't need the seeds to open flower fields? is there anything else obsolete?
Shoutouts to both Raven and Jesse for making top 64 winners at lvl up
I'll just carry the laptop around so I don't miss stuff
iirc the problem with progressive was that if you got a seed with a boss rush ending, all the bosses would be really hard?
has that been fixed at all?
sadly, it has not been fixed
The bot is getting self aware
The flipside of immediate dungeons: this
where's hammer throw when you need it
yes @PhantomGamesBot I am making dinner
the hell did I turn into. how sub 6 ultra hammer
inb4 ice power sushie in the next 2 blocks
Probably some way of beating LP somewhere there
how many star pieces so far?
uhh, yeah, maybe? sushie or ice power or infinite snowman dolls? maybe?
all 3 fp plus already available and they're 1 bp lmfaooo
oh right, that is a badge
Fire Shield/Parakarry are harder alternatives bc they don't exploit weaknesses but can work
I have used Shell Shot against LP phase 2 in a rando but it's not ideal
do you need watt to see the hidden blocks? is that potentially why she's so early?
Having a Water/Ice move is always preferable
so no benefit to watt being start?
vs bombette that opens up a ton
Had to step away. 13 minute Prologue ?
He looks like Oscar the grouch
@Icebound777 last time you electrified a tree, did it shake it?
it burst into flames. but that should suffice to take care of GK
i'm heading out, gl hf on the rest o/
Whoops, getting called for Emergency comms. GL psykitPsycho7 all
yea, but who says you get bombette this seed? :P
joke's on you it's the same seed?
not actually, but that's the kind of thing I'd do to myself
Wait 2 Ruins Keys, surely not vanilla Ruins, right?
uhhh... I don't want to play this game anymore.
I knew that tree was old, but who knew he was /that/ old
I say we hold judgment until we talk to Parakarry
technically vanilla with the largest possible stretch
does the faq for the randomizer have info about what entrances get changed?
that would be what I would want to know, kind of thing
the bot is getting more coherent, too
are these the same settings? I had to leave for a while
40 minutes in, 2 partners, an ultra hammer
Yoo Phantom! Good luck on the seed, hope it's being nice tonight phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
EzekielSD : Alright so... arbitrary code execution, you can jump into the blue house? And y'all got Clippy? EzekielHD : Yeah. EzekielSD : The future is crunk! EzekielHD : Anything else you wanna know? EzekielSD : Is Final Bowser too much? Am I ready? EzekielHD : I can't tell you everything. But if you want to make history, you got to charge your own jumps. EzekielSD : We going to the volcano! EzekielSD + EzekielHD : We going to the volcano! EzekielSD : We going to the volcano!
could you make another layout on the tracker for shuffled dungeon entrances that puts all the items that lock entrances together rather than with their normal chapter
that was hard to watch str9ngSadge
there were lots of nuts on the beach though!!
pro tip: if you don't go back to flower fields, you don't have to play flower fields
are there any jr fights (besided ch 8) that you HAVE to do?
I feel like I learn something new about this game every stream phanto274Hype
how many star pieces do you need?
30 nice girls(star pieces) for a nice girl(Bow)
1bp fp plus feels like cheating
Attack FX B will tooootally help you beat LP
haven't played ttyd yet. I'm old. I don't like change.
I mean, you could always store items
warehouse key gets you what, 6 checks
my fav part of shuffled gear is finding random crap in the giant chests
those fp plus badges are niiiice too
the fact that you found all 3 as well
I had a seed with the 1bp fp plusses and I found all 3 in 20 minutes
I think I was using an 8fp mega quake because I just could
this just opens up ralph checks, yes?
are the pipes mapped the same way?
I guess none are to a dungeon.
so it's the area, not the castle door that's the "entrance" ?
I just rolled a seed and it gave me 18188101 LUL
if only that 0 was an 8
are you going to clippy up the table or drop?
I'm here for the fun. Not the practicality
don't call it cheating and just do it, duh
As long as there are no witnesses
new logic idea: the more painful the check, the more likely it is a key item
I don't mean to that degree. Just the yoshis and the pit *should* be a key item
and the stupid merl-whatever long-ass story
the only check I want to permanently remove is rosie
she's not hard, I just never want her to have a nice thing a day in her life
the problem with removal is where do you draw the line before you're not even playing the game?
this already gets rid of playing peach so I'm not sure what more anyone should ask for
You don't have to remove them, but you can have them be forced vanilla/out of logic
A lot of randomizers do that
I turn 2 checks off in oot rando I don't see anything wrong with it
if there aren't mildly painful checks, are the good check even good anymore?
did taking the train back break the rock on the tracks? I think I missed that end of the ride
a lot of back and forth this go...
well that was a small mercy from this seed
got a two turn hallway bowser after.  so much horribleness
does the dojo gate any items?
What's your usual time on a seed this style?
if you had a seed where you got tonchoose which chapter was 7 scaled, which do you choose
but. but then you have to fight "bowser ???"
Actually, 7-scaled 3 basically only means the heart has a lot of HP
eyyyyy finished the seed and yknow what, i'll just be proud of myself if i'm only two hours behind where you end up being with it
You shouldn't fight anything else and you shouldn't get hit
crap. where was the jade raven?
But sometimes you need to fight the pit and can't
what, pray tell, do you plan on doing with that iced potato?
thanks. I swear I'm trying to pay attention
if it's crystal palace, where is the bucket?
goodness, 2 hours and only 1 star spirit?
i'm hoping my rng is good tonight
just means you need to make another seed and play it!
15hrs, and my new computer will be assembled. lol
gotta say, big fan of the sprite options for SMZ3 on the super metroid side lol
^ that's laughing so I don't cry
shhhhhh. stop calling it cheating and do it! ;)
it's not cheating, it's just a more time-optimal route
Uh-oh, why do we still not have Bombette again?
hate to pop in and leave so quickly, but I gotta run. good luck with the rest of the seed!
volcano vase requires saving the yoshis, anything else?
this is what I think of your mushroom -throws on ground in front of him-
in vanilla does heart run off at 5 hp?
I like Mrs boo she bitch slaps ppl with her fan lol
at my Walmart for a grocery pickup and there are no spaces available to park for it.
THAT's a better way tp phrase it
because sushie gets you into the snowmen, right?
is there anything behind the last ruins key?
bombette's the only way to break the rock to the sun?
when is max ralph shop checks unlocked?
at least if it's 4th ruins key, you're there to do more checks
although I would expect this seed to give you the bucket from 4th ruins key.... because this seed
than bombette so you can do these checks?
the block in koopa village after the fuzzies?
you probably did it, I just wasn't with it
Did you get the two blocks at the end of the volcano?
Thats a very lovely placement LUL
how long is the log spoilered for?
oooof how're you liking the setting variations?
yoshi cookie, blue key, crystal berry, palace key
I nee dro go into a store, but I'm invested on where bucket is.
I can dm you @grover53 if you aren't back when the info is divulged
I hate saturdays my mom plays this game and has a Karaoke night and Im trying to sleep
Anyway what did I miss besides the entire game
I can post in discord if that's easier
Meant to ask where I can find the race rules, I plan to do my first rando soon and everyone recommended that rule set
So would you say a seed is bad when Bombette had 7FP for power bomb, 8FP for mega bomb, parakarry 8FP for air raid and 3 for shell shot, 8FP power shock Watt with required moles?
Thats the race Seed Gill rolled in a nutshell with forced double dip of everything LUL
Even volcano block for Tubba key LUL
Who needs the star rod With that kind of power Kappa
Gotta wonder why duplighost runs back he probably coulda fooled Mario for a significant amount of time
We better see a Jr Troopa return next PM, Nintendo acknowledged the super show we can no longer rule out things as impossible
But thats contradictory Goon. They are saying we cant rule out the return of the fans favorite elements from PM64 while they said they wont do it LUL
I mean ya theres a debate on whether or not theyll return to RPG roots, even Nintendo seems unsure of that, but Juniors a character and could have worked in Color Splash or somethin
ah, was wondering if you'd come across it
Bot can make typos, a step closer to sentience
bot is mimicking our typos, actually
Do people really misspell toad that often
ok. made it back. was the location found?
twitch has a global viewer base. lots of ESL
Why didnt Mario just throw bowser off this time, this game has so much blunders on Marios behalf
lots of misspelled words which is totally fine imo
If I expected perfection from AI Id have gone insane
and the grammar mistakes from native english speakers are pretty common too
you rock, or gg as the kids say these days
youtube will never know where the bucket was
subscribing on youtube is free! go do itttt!
not if I write a comment whenever that get uploaded
me tooooo. I keep checking the clock
how long until you need to run ads? asking for a friend
you did all the "turn ins" but locations... would have to be a location
someone said something about ultra boots for sun tower once. Is that incorrect?
If it is a logic bug, kinda good to find it
maybe it was a 1 off check u forgot about
ohhhhh. so really not an option
did you hit the tree by merlon's house?
I wasn't here for all of the seed so idk
why didn't you savescum the blooper instead of having to super blooper later?
was mumbly sounding for a moment
u think the other 2 kbf keys was snowman gift?
one was bombette locked in tubba
lol Everyone is going to see it at the beginning of the run. LUL
let's be honest when isn't twitch broken
ok, bot just isn't allowed to announce things, thanks twitch
aka The Race of the Tournament
just checking to see if twitch support has said anything about /announce recently
PHANTOMMMM ur cutest veiwer is back me
i'm good phantom.  got my dragonite plush in today + he's up in my lap to watch the runs lol
rowf and merlow get to be in the thing. very exciting
Oh? This shall either be really good or really bad lmao
Well, we're off to a good start
mission failed successfully -- this seed
Yo, what is this start? LUL
Quizmo looks snazzy in the red
good last stand and power quake tho
Better than 15 turn Blooper fight. Kappa
briefly thought blooper was modded to flowey laugh, that was an experience
2 more submissions left to do...my voice is shot today now lol
yesterday I did 2 submissions and got a PB in both of them
apparently the logic took it as "if super hammer holds no value, why don't we just give it to him"
Appropriate finding a bucket in the desert.
monkaHmm 12 minutes in the desert already
how else is mario gonna dig his way into the dry dry ruins without a bucket
build a sand castle! you know, with all the water nearby to wet the sand.
I mean as far as irl goes. LUL
That's a lot of sand castles
it's fine, we'll build our own dry dry ruins
Oh you know. Bombette is just chilling in the desert
I mean you've got laki so that's something
Looks like Ch. 6 is in your near future. LUL
yeah, might be moles instead :P
fun settings? in literally my randomizer? inconceivable
Whacka just wants someone to talk to. :(
functionally robbing a man of $50
I wonder if we might've been more likely for an ultra boots start to turn on panels too
wish the panel seed I had yesterday gave me ultra hammer
oo that mega is really good
oh this a lugia and ho-oh seed?
yay finally caught a seed live 
We got quite the start too
I missed the start had to leave  but can catch the rest at least
Is this dungeon entrance? That's been so good by far
Earliest 6 I've seen in a while
Looks like a jersey shore lak
F, I will guarantee a 1//
If only we had Ultra Boots early Kappa
anyway I've got some stuff to do so I'm going to head out, good luck with the rest of the seed!
Sushie's underground and Goombario is held hostage in the shop
Not getting him means you endorse Goomba trafficking.
mister206Gombidious mister206Do mister206IT pick me up
Phantom, how does it feel to be cancelled? Kappa
How much was he? 100 coins? Kappa
@mariomantaw phantom endorsing Goomba trafficking leaving Goombario in the shop Kappa
...he says with Ultra Hammer in inventory...
damn I was looking to do a fun rando
I was watching someone else earlier this morning and said there needs to be a setting that the most recent partner found is the only one you can use in battle so if you get bombette to start then you get watt you only can use watt in battles and if you get goombario last gotta use him v bowser
Was that. A vanilla key too?
the one rigby axl and I did last night was train wreck
A tubba key is there in vanilla.
@BSmith906 That... sounds like a nightmare. LUL
Hahah but like if you know watt is in a shop you gotta wait till last minute to buy her hHa
fgs + no chapter 7 blocks?
This fortress didn't get the memo apparently. Kappa
randomized to put us through hell
Stop reading the spoiler logs Kappa
Can't wait to see 2 Tubba Keys be vanilla too YEP
I didn't know you could hit that tree! PogChamp
Now I know what that looks like
are star pieces anything this seed?
I didn't know the blast hit from so far away.
Ch. 6 is calling your name again. LUL
Random enemies is an interesting idea.
Beating Ch. 5 first. A common staple in rando seeds.
Remember, you have to go back to Koopa village for Goombario.
are you doing more than 1 seed today?
So laki can go on lava but not water?
He should be able to though.
But then that would make Sushie useless in the overworld. LUL
good luck with gdq tomorrow too
I'll sub when my prime runs out with previous streamer 
spotted you upload to YouTube too, how delayed are the videos from when they're on twitch?
We're wearing the same color beanie
If you don't have any boots, can you not jump at all, even in the overworld?
Mario can only jump if he has boots, so all Bowser would need to do is take Mario's boots. ezpz
ice does beat snow in coldness
This guy is a gangster casually insulting ch4 LP
Technically it goes both ways in this game
Gen 1 Pokemon had Poison and Bug weak against each other. Da faq?
do we talk about Levitate Gengar?
Meanwhile, the viallage is still in shambles.
You save the kids but not goombario? phanto274Shrug
Leaving the yoshis and Goombario to rot not nice.
Fertile soil in a tree? That doesn't make any sense. LUL
Ultra Boots go mode for 7? Kinda hype
if the yoshis get lost this easily, do they really DESERVE to be saved?
Honestly even better if Ultra Boots is go mode LUL
after a certain point, natural selection's just gotta take over
Yoshi's are evil and should be hated... except beeg Yoshi
Have you checked past the spikes yet?
Is dojo built into this seed
Where did you find Red berry?
the way he always should have
Waluigi can walk on water but can mario?
its probably the glass that the 1 company put 3 million dollars behind it and said you break it you can keep it
Kinda cool you can still see the pow block
seen like this seed has been nice to you Phantom
I love when I get the odd key in the Shiver City store
Woo 1/3 of the way to custom seed!
do you think they reveal Pokmon Sleep this year?
waking up at 6 was peak
As far as pokemon goes, I only care if they release a better Legends Arceus.
Should be one big map. Really lean into the exploration
he just wants to beat up Youngster Joey's super duper special awesome Rattata.
oh bot you were so close
Aight time to lurk, I gotta do some homework
I feel the worst part of most RPGs is fighting, especially level grinding. Paper Mario had made it fun with the action commands and I liked the Arceus battle mechanics. Too bad the fights are too easy. So many RPGs can be mowed down just by grinding levels. Paper Mario is better than that.
so don't play arceus got it
Youre supposed to just buy the Pokmon games, not question why.
auto correct somehow gave me std
I mean that's one way to describe some pokemon
Which STD did auto correct give you?
I've been around Pallos for too long
Youll find out from flame guy
welp I guess we're going after even more children now
Not a big deal with 1FP Power Shock
2hrs late. dammit. also, hello. (:
but I missed my fav character...
and atm his name escapes me.
let's be honest, that's his real name
Just occurred to me, would it ever be fast to use Bombette for that switch instead of hammering it?
Are we skipping Pulse Stone or have you not found it?
still need weight and bean for go mode?
phantom decided to save his child-saving spoons for the yoshis instead
Looking forward to potentially catching the whole thing in YouTube
Gtg prep for my race with Gil, gl finding Bean
fast but had to save the yoshis NotLikeThis
put them back in the jungle plupBully
do you have any other checks other than Goomba king?
has there been a goombario sighting?
we let him down the way the yoshis let us down
did you turn in kooper shell?
did u check the Deadge guy
I only just arrived so I can't really give any ideas lol. Antiguy?
simply re trace your steps from the very beginning
Wait I checked out for 15 min what happened w bean
I was begging for it to be in that first block again
we love a 1 scaled 5
I missed the end of the last race. What was the finishing time?
Man back to back seeds stuck for sale
Wait, how did that DNF, you seemed to be doing extremely well when I left.
Where did it turn out to be?
these are interesting settings. I haven't seen this before.
Oh, was it the room with the two blocks with the thin path?
I dont know what to say to the zip line thing. Frustrating regardless.
Or irregardless depending on if you hate the English language.
That grammar mistake doesnt need to be fixed.
damn I was tired, fell asleep right when you went live LUL
ah yes, ch5, my favorite of the starting rando chapters
oh good i'm not the only one getting stuck on cacti occasionally
they jump directly into our way
that's one way to get rid of the snowman doll
Can you turn potato into fries? Or tots?
did u just say a force double dip  monkaW
you did say you wanted a force tripe dip
Wait I thought you didn't believe regular jump charge?
Yes but at what moral cost
Yeah but there is always the shop update
You can go say hi to Luigi for good luck?
I've been playing rando so much, I sometimes forget mario even has a house
This mario coloring always reminds me of Mickey Mouse gotta be the red pants and yellow buttons
The you gotta be kidding meface
Hands down have the best facial expressions playing this game haha
Makes my day my wife thinks Im crazy over here laughing at my phone
She thinks twitch is dumb as she sits scrolling on tiktok
I have made the best discovery
sunshine boy + goth girl run
there's an Mario enemy that's officially called...
no cap it's in Bowser's Inside Story
i'm still delighted that there's a gushen enemy
I just had to look at it lmao
Sounds like when I see a letter from the irs
Seeing a required bubble berry seed
yeah I had a feeling that where star stone was gonna be
I cant believe u did lp skip Kappa
nah dolly in there and dolly is gonna be laki
Hey Phantom! Good luck with the seed phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Did the seed accidentally leave him out?
well he was an awful king anywa
tbh I think he was just a guy. I don't remember seeing any lore
He was the king of ice duh
The Penguins are his serfs. That's why the highest ranking official is only a mayor
Which of Tayce T's recipes actually looks the tastiest?
I always thought the potato salad looked fancy
Dang it man I fell asleep early last night and missed gdq phanto274Cry how was it?
same ;;;; I was so sad to have gone to bed before it started
pretty sure they needed the late timeslot to have Jaye on commentary.
Gotcha, if I didnt have to wake up early this morning I wouldve been there
More levels of stupid when it comes to all sanity?? sakukiWoah
I would've been there if I wasn't east coast + up early. ah well, i'll watch the vod
you need to make your splits wider for all the settings LUL
we gonna see 600 hours of playtime today?
havent seen glitch logic in a hot minute
That's a lot of settings  good luck
is it just me or does phantom kinda look like Keanu Reeves
you left him where he belonged
Jcogs goombario seed was wack LUL
I have one particular screen cap from the race I thought was funny
got stuck on hold for 20 minutes just to have a 1 minute conversation.  good times with government
Not bad, toiling away working from home
And it's weirdly 80 degrees in February where I am
more youtube subs than twitch followers phanto274D
Mid east coast. so a warm day isn't unexpected but not this
almost 70 in new jersey, it's usually 15-25
@shebbyxoxo any where between 60 to negative 30 where I am
don't worry, lower east coast is struggling just as much
high of 80F here in VA
send that weather here phantom, i'm not ready for summer yet
I like the shooting star sumbit redesign
they are building a new sub division right behind mine, annoying but what can you do
tis the season for hoas to come sniffing around
you have no idea how jealous of you I am right now
I have an HOA but never got my bill for this year KEKW
I'm so happy I don't have one
At least in VA, if you don't pay your HOA fees they can actually try and foreclose on your house
my mortgage is pretty low honestly
we don't get billed for them here but they will fine you if you don't have your home "in compliance with subdivision standards"
and put a lien on your house if you don't pay them
gotta mow your grass + get new pinestraw ~or else~
I went from a house to a townhouse, so no lawn anymore, but they keep arguing with us about our gutters because we got gutter guards ~without permission~
I built mine for 250K for 2700 square feet, and now its going for 390K
what did he have, I was unbuckling the kid
he had bombette, a fortress key, and super jump charge
I feel like starting you with goombario was rude of the game
did you get the coin block hiding in gusty ulch building?
and the gutter guards gets even funnier because they keep arguing with us that the gutters are "clogged".  which they are.... with the gutter guards.  it's.  amazing.
are coin trees included in this logic, or is it just coin bushes
What's the little toad symbol on far right for? What settings does that one do?
I think you may have missed the coin tree by king goomba room flip panel
sorry to be late, is this progressive or randomized scaling
you could say the seed is going to be explosive
how many explosions does it take to get a star piece?  only mario knows
does bombette not work on those trees?
take all the money out of the wallet before you give it back to the old turtle
that seemed excessive.  whacka was bad but not THAT bad
Have never seen that done before
so whats new about all sanity rando
You got too much to redo it again
that shy guy wants to rematch
u gotta buy the coin for luck
i'll believe for the both of us
THE FIRST TIME I DO MODWORK
can you eat the berries if needed.
At least you have chapter 2
can the traps in the overworld kill you or do you just stay at 1 hp?
can you get a little more control over where they go?  since like
it'd be fine if they're rolling through go mode or backtracking compared to like.  when you find goombario drowning
I wouldn't mind it too much if you could try to snooze or run them early in quieter moments (like the backtracking or p dead areas like the forest)
I believe in you, Phantom. Sub 3 HYPE
I like the timer!  that'd definitely be nice just to know when they're coming
is that like 3rd item ultra boots lol
Wait, I just noticed the bush in the sanity lineup. LUL
what's the final toad there represent for sanity?
I didn't know you could do that.
I didn't know you could do that!
I also did not know that
That would've been good information to know though.
I saw GDQ, did you enjoy the event?
that race was crazy close until you went to ch1 and cog went to ch3
yeah, I think you had it if you did. your boss fights were way cleaner
You improve with every mistake. Accounting 101
What I miss? Where were the other boots?
bow's mansion basement library box star piece
it stopped working out of spite
The commentators were disappointed with you ignoring Goombario in Flower fields.
oh we abandoned the child again?
They also complemented the cut scene skips.
How dare you litter. Pick up your trash. Kappa
Phantom found him in a tree and ignored him. The commentators did not approve.
as they shouldn't, that's child endangerment.  we should do it to the yoshis too.
@pethanct01 He left Goombario in a tree. Heartless. :(
Ignoring goombario at a gdq 
it's what goombario would have wanted
Not a player for the people.
what in the great fuck have they done this time
It was funny when it happened becuase they were disappointed. Didnt see chats reaction. JCog picked him up at least
This looks like a great seed.
Time to comb the entire desert for trees. LUL
yeah they are mostly top half
can't wait for round 2 with no sparklies
phanto274Pacepal Oh yeah, we're on pace with the super hammer find
now we just need goombario and we'll have all the BEST finds
please shoot me in the face
I see this one seems to be going much better based on the boots
is bushes only new setting? I see new icons
actually mega rush, for real POGGIES
Phantom I found a Lan Hikari themed AI chatbot
what Battle Network centic question do I ask
Why dont you have a seat other there @phantomgamesbot
Lan was really excited to learn about the sneed's feed and seed meme
"That's a great question. The program advance I really like is Double Team! It's basically a double-punch combo, and if it hits, you can really put a hurting on your opponent. It takes a long time to pull off though, but it's so worth it for the damage it deals." -Lan Hikari, character ai
"I'll trade you coins for a coin." Kappa
Understandable. The koot coins being separate is a bit, uh, unintuitive
You can reroll the same prompts btw
"I have a few. My favorite program advance is the Gater! It's been very helpful in battles. You can hit the enemy with it and have them be stunned for a turn, which can really help with strategy in a battle. It's a powerful ability for sure!"
You like the Gater too phantom?
Gotta give that cake to my guy
"Paper Mario jumps and makes an angry face, clearly, he is upset (Out of character : I love paper Mario)"
after asking paper mario if he liked the slow go badge
If it was a metal fan it wouldn't work
When all else fails, hit everything. Kappa
a lot to unpack there LMFAO
now we don't have time to unpack ALL of that
Room before, bush at bottom, IIRC?
mario gets the ultra stone (not clickbait)!
he didn't like you talking smack about him
Why does she have the package? LUL
two houses down is better than dropping it in the desert
I don't know. Knowing Parakarry, I'm surprised he didn't drop it in the middle of the ocean.
you know, that's a fair point, parakarry would
although can we say the rest of the mushroom kingdom mail system is better when they lost all of their mail to shy guys
parakarry over here fearing being fired for losing mail when in truth, it's a miracle if you get ANY mail in the mushroom kingdom
And now, you're even more powerful
Time to make some egg missiles
Technically, the Toy Train was in the Toy Box
buried too deep in the toybox?
Kooper stars in: "Trapped in the Toy Box"
Who doesnt love a shy guy over this mister206Gombidious ?
Hes done it again. Gourmet Guy is corrupted by mister206Gombidious
was the hammer in the right of blue station a trap?
That race sure was something last night
did I miss us finding the best partner while I stepped away to start dinner
For the first 2 hours I was up you guys were doing the exact same pathing LUL
I take it you Swam through the mountain already
I can Imagine 6 being loaded like last night LUL
7 FP is not that bad. Its better than 8FP Kappa
What do you mean by coins
This is the lime seed apparently
This is the Yellow Toad seed
How goes the seed? Do you still have all your sanity?
mail isn't a thing that gets DELIVERED in the mushroom kingdom
you just write all your thoughts down, put it in an envelope, and then give it to parakarry so that he can dispose of it
mail is just a venting channel for the mushroom kingdom
Has my dood been spotted yet?
@YamiKuroya That is now my head canon
listen, it's only possible explanation for why parakarry hasn't been fired yet.  because he was never meant to deliver the mail in the first place.
Maid in the Mushroom Kingdom's version of a societal screaming chamber.
are you still looking for the book for Koopa koot?
and now friendships will be lost and marriages will end, all because mario is finally delivering that mail
he may be stopping bowser but he's also ruining relationships forever
@YamiKuroya But it's for the greater good because people are essentially living a lie.
none of the fishing buddies will ever talk to each other again
The truth shall set you free they say
kolerado found out his wife was cheating on him
fishmael got a strongly worded letter from fuzzipede
What if you beat up buzzard for exp?
and merlin's next family gathering was.  awkward.
Buzzar does scale with the chapter
Buzzar scales like a normal boss, not just XP
why would you ever willingly fight Buzzard?
Buzzar has 65 HP at 7-scaled
okay now I kind of wanna see that fight
Im shocked. This looks like cheating
imagine if they scaled the exp to match
lol no I mean.  make him a level up just.  flat-out to start
Okay Ill redeem buzzard included in seed haha
Looks like 7-scaled Buzzar has the second-most HP of any bosses that scale, behind CK and tied with Tubba's Heart
His scaled attack isn't on the sheet so idk
I really wanna see it now ngl
In vanilla he has 10 more HP than Tutankoopa and they kept that consistent with each chapter scale
I want to see how many weights he lifted up in his talons
I was gonna say yes then I remembered the gamba
You, uh, got a Dizzy Dial perchance?
Probably shouldnt have this muted. Looked like you just got whooped, but thats probably not really what happened.
Makes more sense. Fighting that buzzard is unique
....... what if we put extra boots / hammers for full gear shuffle on some of the optional bosses like buzzar + super blooper
yeah that was exactly the thought
that's still an extra hammer + boots
whooooa wait, you can play as Luigi in this game???
man that has me wishing we would've gotten paper luigi
yeah did you not know it's a new game it's called paper Luigi
what skills do you get as Luigi?
I wanted to play his marvelous compass adventure
I just realized that ch7 really is the chapter of beating up children
we get to make up for the sins of ch5 when we saved the yoshi kids
almost 2 hour in and no star spirits rip
I like to imagine that every trapped letter is every letter we deliver that ruined a relationship immediately upon opening
this is a cheating seed, we can just cheat, it's fine /jk
have you gone to the dojo
I assume you didn't just use the stock extreme settings, right?
You can turn in one of those at least
personally i'd rather see ads before the action starts than in the middle of it (and potentially miss something) but maybe that's just me
I think the idea is that if a new person comes in and they get blasted by a preroll, they'll leave, but if they're already used to your content and wanna come back, they'll stick around through the ads
I'll never forget when Partners got ads for like 2 months then they revoked it
At least I got $20 more in my pocket from 2 months less of paying for turbo
You could do PB x2 on Shy Squad if it was cheaper...
continue to ruin relationships, you mean
Did you do all the panels?
did you get the kooper item on pleasant path?
I think you might be able to deliver the letter to Igor still?
that was the biggest screw you it could've given
I presume you've done as much of Koot as you can?
where was that with general guy lol
All the Bloopers have high Power Bounce caps
what's even still left to do?
You can maybe turn your Ultra Shroom into a Life Shroom
I mean that's another solution lol
I assume you've bought out Rip?
the kooper item was a life shroom
or at least i'm 905 sure it was
the first seed was so fast that I also might be confusing them
I thought you would've had him last time with just one more turn
by this point it feels like koot or rolf HAVE to have something since otherwise we'd be stuck
that tape was never meant to see the light of day, but parakarry failed in his mission to drop it into the ocean
Dare I say a "fruitless" seed
Bout to get a stimulus package in PhanTokens
Most of it is mine. I put 8600 tokens in. LUL
Goompa had it this entire time!
goompa didn't like that parakarry didn't drop the tape into the ocean
He wanted to ensure nobody else saw the tape
yeah that trap bow checks out
Or we could just make progressive the standard :)
Like that she laughed at you after that.
joke's on goompa, he didn't count on mario to deliver the mail
Mario made sure that the tape stayed in distribution. LUL
I just got back, but gg on finishing a chapter 4
mario said no, he wants that weird tape out in public
You might still have needed it for the Ruins Key?
mario voice "the world must know what they did"
you know they look tasty too
we're not at that arc yet
mario has to beat him up for him to go to rehab
woahhh bush sanity!  is that new!?
The commentators were eating it up whenever your eyerolled after getting a crappy item or a valuable item at a weird moment.
how dare you skip flarrakarry, parakarry's twin brother who actually delivers the mail
he's the post office's best employee
you doing a second run after this?
I believe in the 30 minutes
I believe one seed is al we need today. This one has enough chaos for two seeds.
technically we have had two seeds today since we had the dnf one
Chaos seeds are good in their own way. Streamers need villains and conflict.
hasn't parakarry delivering mail done enough damage?
he ruined three marriages and released the tape by doing that
as a viewer these are more fun than the randomizer where the keep track of thing has where everything indicated
I watched The First Pokmon Movie on VHD
I have and I know from experience I'm probably the youngest here
me! I was just wondering today if there is a way to transfer my high school all-state choir cassette to mp3
I remember having an old vhs player i'd just watch aladdin on over and over as a kid
also still have VHS player. and my roommates and I had a Beta player in college
@grover53 you have to convert it to cd first
I'll see if my library has it
He is talking about a cassette which is an audio exclusive.
He should be able to so something like that. I know he can do it, just not sure hiw.
If it has a headphone jack, you just need a cable
I can absolutely do that. thanks for the suggestions
you're one jar of dirt from go mode
Fertile Soil in the Red Jar YEP
y'know what, I want it now, gimmie the jar of dirt
Not what I meant. I mistakenly thought that card was a gaming pass. My mistake.
I can actually probably work on that while I watch the stream now that I think of it
Miracle dirt on last Koot favor. Lets go.
filed my taxes today, and due to several unseen things, we are getting a much bigger refund than ever before.
lol yestreday the commentators were mentioning how you left goombario xD
having 4 kids gives an $8000 tax credit.
so do u know if kent c be fightable in the future after u pay him to get money back for whatever reason or if will ever drop an item in the future
they are worth it, most of the time.
I think you can fight Kent after you pay him but I don't think you get anything from it
Are there some new snaities over there?
I know but Im wondering if there are new ones
for the 4th clear. got it
oh weird, I think my screen crashed lol
Maybe I'll attempt to learn Clippy one of these days
doesn't sound hard at all, it's just teh right frame lol
There are 3 new coins in Deep Jungle
One in Block Puzzle room and one in a vine tree
As in you hit a tree that has a vine
Ok Im back hows the seed been yall
Wait did I miss Sushie in volcano?
ah twitch doing this to me again
I've always wondered why they sparkled. this is such a good help
booooo it wasn't in the jar of dirt
and we had to save yoshis
Yoshi kids deserve to die on the jungle after having mister206Gombidious the one weekly seed LUL
that's two too many yoshis that were saved
Red and green kid will repopulate the island everything is fine
First you abandon Goombario in a tree, and now this? NotLikeThis
Oh hey it's been three hours
Goombario was never abandoned. He constantly manipulates everything from the shadows like a true Sith LUL
sub 4 hours! That means a second run right? XD
at least we got to show the world whatever was on that tape goompa and koot wanted parakarry to drop into the ocean
Koot has Goomba pron on his tape LUL
I like that you can choose different coin settings
No Goombario this seed? What a shocker!
Gotta commend you for the jukes last night on avoiding mister206Gombidious from the tree next to Lilly
JCog welcomed mister206Gombidious into his heart
If anything else gets added, the bush may need to be swapped for a tree
just replace it with "EVERYTHING POSSIBLE" 5Head
I agree with overlaying for Koot coins, I would have just done a coin. I will be adding the toggle but nothing beyond that atm
ah shit made it just in time
The 1 BP FP Plus and affordable flower savers
Any of the ones that exist elsewhere?
Land on the corner of the books
@jokehow just use the "Feeling Fine" badge icon lol
@Ohrocks The cocnut is always real. Kappa
I didn't see any. The no repel gels seed
Wow just made it for final bowser lol
I find it Kreygasm when Bowser heals dont you?
(but also thank goodness, we can leave this universe where the world learned of what was on that tape)
its the stupid final level isn't it
champions road was so fun especially after I did it 5 times
my sisters was bagging me to beat it for her I couldn't beat it
I got pass it like 2 times
I don't get hit from anything just fall to my death
oh yay I didn't miss the start of the seed
how's your day been so far phantom?
rigby would never submit something bad :)
See? Bombette and Para immediately. It's so good
reminds me, I should get my weekly cursed race seed to practice on
cursed seed rolled.  not sure if I wanna play it tonight or not.  I did notice last run I did, when I had your stream in the background, I was actually doing better movement
I think it was the audio cues I could copy ;;;;; so tyvm
it'll be fine, probably -- rigby
Probably a good call going here before 1 then
I got an hour before dinner so.  let's see what cursed seed I have rolled this time for practice
listen I think I just have whatever gil has when he touches seeds
what are the setting to be tested
I've been enjoying paperario settings lol
I'm almost done with the gen 2 regional variants for my pokemon fire red hack
My next regional variant is an ice type slugma
I don't play pokemon hacks but I'm curious to see yours
Axl I'll be streaming it once I'm done
The 234 on the Rigby seed would've been too poetic
I made a new friend today
I notice during my race with paperario last night
i'm two items from a chapter clear in ten minutes.  if I find them both quickly, I will never recover from this
what was frying pan? my phone said low battery what timing lmao
did rigby give you a race seed?
Going the long way when you already have Parakarry out...
Granted you need good movement, which I don't possess so I'll respectfully fly my way there
rigby were you still down to do a race tonight?
If you are down, I am
After the conclusion if this seed I'll be free
So in 2 hours because I only give other people the best seeds
no way friend rigby would put you through hell
I mean, you have already seen Frying Pan and Mystery Note...
Logical ch4 clear may not be far
I wouldn't have so many rigbelievers if I did such heinous acts such as give terrible seeds
yay 11 hp shy guys are the best Kappa
What other parameters did Rigby choose for this run. It looks like race settings
trip # how many to the desert?
So what have we done so far?
surely theres a third in the ruins
Jaye, I just picked up kirby
gonna take a break for dinner but i've been sweating at how good this has been going
have you played the og RtDL before Axl
yes, I have it. Got it from a toysrus sale back in the day. Was around the time the midnight purple OG 3DS released
Surely there's a 3rd key here :)
ahhh okay, so you know about the game already then PrideLaugh
well I havent played it in almost 10 years lol
ahhh I see. Well it definitely feels like I'm playing it all over again and it's a nice feeling PrideUwu
I do remember loving it way more than Galaxy 2
but its also not here because it should be the 4th technically
TRU had a sale, buy 1 game get 2nd 40% off. Kirby was amazing and Galaxy 2 was boring lmao
I loved the Galaxy games when they first came out, but now I just have a hard time playing them
I was gunna say your key is behind warehouse and beyond too
and I forgot to say it PrideLaugh
oh, what's behind Merlow's? Progression and/or specific badges?
oh the actual shop isn't bad at all then
Haha suck that junior ya missed
Wait an hour + and no chapters?
I think there will be 2 key items in the storeroom
I'm calling ruins key in storeroom
oh on your screen it's coming out right, but on mine, it shows twitch's global emote lol
Would you look at that, 2 key items just not the ones we hoped for
woah what is this... no chapters done yet?
I thought phantom liked desert so I gave him this gem
At least this isn't yesterday's sNeed where it was actual hell.
Nope I just got out of the shower
I need gigachad energy in my life
Ooo that reminds me Im baking brownies
This is what you get when you feed Anti Guy the lemon candy... just fight him like a normal player
listen it's not anti guy's fault he got really demotivated after mario beat him up
What kind of brownies we talking about?
your first defeat at the hands of mario can be crushingly life-changing
I like mine a little gooey, but Im gonna make them a little longer for the others of the house
Regular fudge or milk chocolate are my go tos
ever had go mode with no chapters completed?
Dolly and koopers shell will probably have important items lmao
On the surface, 1 item per chapter expect 4, but also no upgrades and missing 2 partners... huh
oh wow just noticed the no upgrades
I don't know twitch, can I re-gift my gift-sub to someone who deserves it? :D
^ me dancing to toy box music
I swear re-gifting is a thing but idk how to do it
I also feel like I've only seen it immediately after the initial gift though
okay.  back to lurking as I see how this seed curses me
Just wait for the 1 FP, 1 BP Mega Quake
Oh no mister206Gombidious had taken you in which means this seed is cursed LUL
people noticing you can smooch in kirby return to dreamland. Me: thats a 25 year old mechanic going back to super star in 1996 phanto274Love
I wonder if it was actually programmed that goombario makes everything cursed
I want to give a random viewer a sub, but I can't? whyy twitch
You're braver than I for even trying
Its violette ha ha get it? Bombette= violette
what is the goal of this run? just beat it any%?
There is no General Guy in Any% for this game
you ever thought about playing paper mario following the official players guide?
I shoudl do that for emerald LUL
oh so any% is not like OOT any% when its like 10mins :D
I had that guide as a kid and ngl it was.  interesting
is the og paper mario on the n64?
Sushi is gonna be in this chapter I can feel it. Poor sushi becoming sushi in the desert
3 passes through Mt. Rugged... probably even worse that the 3 passes of Forever Forest my last league race made me do
ima crash now :D good luck on the rando phantom!!
well.  the seed just.  opened.  this really is gonna ruin me for other seeds.
it's not the bot's job to make sense
Its the bots job to just be here Kappa
maybe moon just so happens to be here
oh no there's the curse.  first expected chapter clear is 7 difficulty
the seed knew it was.  exactly what I wanted.
I love seeing the goombas crying lol
An early 7-scaled chapter is fine, as long as it's 1-3
At least for your 5th trip, you'll have the shortcut :)
yo sorry i'm back quick, @Axl_SR gave me my giftsub. please thank him :))
Oh look, another seed that has Ch. 4 beaten first
It least it's not as bad as the all sanity seed, right? phanto274Cry
That's a lot of Snowman Dolls
Ahhh yes I come back and you got my bff
wow the two ends of the spectrum here on this seed.  expected first spirit was a ch7 scaled general guy.  I dipped a lil further and get a ch1 scaled lp
there's no way this seed doesn't pb tho
1 item from each chapter now
imagine if somehow this game completes in backward chapter level order
well probably the best thing to find there\
red key required for blue key is all I ever wanted
Go mode is probably between here and 5
@OhHeyItJaye haha I remember that from the commentary, it was adorbs
Congrats on 6 days worth of pape rando content
Jungle still has a lot of checks if Sushie's the last item
Kolorado could even be holding TWO chapters hostage
gl gl, may not stick around. It's nap time.
how has the seed been today? reasonable or a fresh hell?
back and forth or completely mia key items?
ah, so no excuse for the bs
was rigby in the lab when he was making this torture?
can there be a check with Kent?
he is only useful in all bosses iirc. Otherwise he's a large roadblock that should get flipped and left to flail
haha I like the "flipped and left to flail"
tbh, what's the difference between starting with 100 coins + kent exists and starting with 50 and he's gone
probably the difficulty to make him gone
coding, I assume is the difference
so if kent was removed would you say we should go back to 50 coins?
ah, so it's for looks. psssshhhh. stupid
I guess I do need a nap. I'm starting to get incoherent.
Best of luck to you. May the seed start getting better
why not just have the game coded where he is automatically "paid"
Go softlock yourself? Is that a new insult for gamers.
You can do that on the way to ch2 if you want
@rigby234 good job commentating on the GDQ run.
No one would want to live in toad town sewage
what's his name is down there isn't he? the guy you spend money on
you do know where slimes live right
The people in Toad Town only know how Taste Ts tastes going in, the dark koopas know what it tastes like afterward.
There's gotta be a reason why Gloombas and Dark Koopas live down there.
@pethanct01 I was about to say. WutFace
so who won the gdq race?
me and my 0-4 record will stop him!
ill get him in the rematch
garbo and jcog still got a 3:03, brb crying in the club
I still think you had the cleaner fights though
at the end of the day the real determination of skill is racetimegg points
I did not expect to watch it all the way through. I still didnt, but I got through most of it until I had to go to bed. Good job all around. Hope this gets the community some good attention.
youve probably got the best fights out of anyone tbh
I might look at more badges for longer but I generally change pretty fast
I thought that too but you get used to everything at the top quickly
It took me way too long to realize R and Z were shortcuts there
I'd rather be playing windwaker than smash LOL
Also the run lowkey became way more fun to me after I got a pb without pg skip LUL
Maybe I should build points for a casual wind waker run.
@RavenFP when the run at mwsf happening?
They just did the game lineup tn
But it was in the middle of announcements so it may be on my birthday LOL
keep me updated I will like to catch it
He'll visit whenever he has money to when I'm up there lol
So we can def make him do it
Splash had the correct response to my mwsf tweet
He put the W door picture
SF twitter just tweeted "Man you guys really like cammy"
Also "Rigby Rando Seed" sounds like a childrens book title
I would if I had funds to leave the country
I mean fuck it im down to give glitch logic a shot
Seeing Ch. 5 not be the first chapter beaten is a breath of fresh air. Everything else is kinda... meh
wow the timing of that prerecorded message was perfect
then we wont get to lava phirana color palette :(
is it sad that I just spent like 2k on a computer, just to play runescape for the most part, and I already feel burnt out lmfao
prerecorded blind folded run all muscle memory no click bait in da hood gone wild
colors be a nice bid war idea
There could also be WeLoveGoombario vs WeHateGoombario
it be way to many bids, probably just marios for each player maybe
plus he might jump scared you if u trying not to get him
Always trying to find a way to cut Goombario
bid to pick up or ditch goombario
Assuming the seed will be vetted, Goombario's placement could be considered as part of that if you want to do that type of incentive
I guess gear or no gear could be something?
Jumpless cuts your movement which is kinda important for GDQ
If Hammerless was an incentive, there would need to be 2 seeds rolled though (again assuming vetting happens)
Yoshi Island music is my jam. catJAM
Im against no shoes. No shoes, no service.  Its a fact.
Imagine if the Yoshis didn't wear shoes.
still have dolly and koopa shell lol
always wondered, does the game force you to go out to the next room that's why you always have to go back?
it's been forever since I've played
Doesn't the cloud take a good while to go back up?
Come on waluigi find the moon
Instantly throws it away in front of Goombaria. What a power play.
hehe, I always found that funny that he shivers when she kisses him xD
how long did this seed take you rigby? assuming you played it
I did the kooper shell hand in on the way to ch 1
so I go mode the bean
and I did one less trip through mt rugged since I did moles before going to lyrics hand in
so thats another couple min saved
Oh that Duplighost part is new
technically, if we went to forest immediatly instead of desert, we couldve done one less mt rugged trip....but imagine lol
that wouldve been such an aggressive play for the first 30 seconds of a seed
rigby, paperario said 905, he dmd me instead of you LUL
this is worst then a gil seed
They say it will never happen to me then look what happens. Lunar stone on shell. phanto274GG
Do it. You know you wanna.
I get to enjoy the Yoshis.
umm. I've never seen the ? block thing before.
Dumpster Fire is too long but most likely to be accurate
Oh what timing! You're starting a new seed!
I would be open to open Prologue settings
A honey srup though, that will win you the game
You didn't even give his ghost the time of day
Oh in these settings it doesn't have to be a cooked item?
"I sell you a coin for a coin"
You got mine.  no one ever gets mine...
How did the last seed go?
I call the "The Super Sushie" strat
At least the Fuzzies stole something more useful than Goombario this time
The upper east side of coins
Time for my favorite segment. Shopping with Phantom
You could just do full gear rando with no boots or hammer to start.  Simple 4Head
Oh, no wait, ignore me.  I am a terrible person.
you asked if you can beat electro blooper... you can if you get lucky enough :P
Dont need luck when you have the power of math.
but you can beat bowser rn with luck
oh you can just get rid of items now
im working and cant hear atm
is rigby attempting to torture you?
But is it short term or long term gains?
so what are the settings youre trying?
I love buying a coin for a coin
How is that? I missed what you did to break the game.
I knew about bombette breaking yellow blocks, didnt know ultra boots boke stone blocks
oh boy, just broke enough points to ive you a seed
Who is your favorite partner to start with?
what partner breaks the game most @shebbyxoxo
para with shellshot 1, or watt with power shock 1
access to 4 is my reason
Watt for me, so I don't have to remember where all the hidden blocks exactly are
I chane my answer tio that
@shebbyxoxo there is a qol setting so you can always see the blocks
not on race settings, which she does a lot
yeah but I do a lot of race seeds that's turned off for them
wow they sell burdens there now?
I will not stand for Goomba prejudice
Oh for sure, it seems like an easy just to make
can do things out of logic in race setting?
I rid a rando with basically max stuff the other day, had soil on red jar turn in
omg I can't english - can you do things out of logic in race settings / in a race
Someone has to play the contrarian
races allow a completely arbitrary list of minor tricks
I always forget bow is in logic for ch3
ya I get why it is but like... its not in my head lol
As long as the spike room stays out of logic without her or laki
spike room without bow is legit hard
so I give it one try then pull her out
ive still never practiced spike room, I attempt it once, then do it the slow way if I dont get it
wait, remind me what you mean by ch7 is locked?
are you trying gear rando for the discussion I saw mutterings of adding it back in for races?
wait why did that not work? The question mark?
I think people on average are much better than we were when it was added originally
did not relize you started saving them... have not seen a rando in a bit
it would encourage more hammer bowsers potentially, which I like
would it give you enough items to reasonably fight 3 bloopers?
forgot, is there a multi-bonk (hammer) badge?
I saw JCog using Multibounce a lot during your race. Is that just his preference? (I don't normally watch his runs)
It's alternate AOE on Mario if Quake badges are unusable
right, I don't remember what quake badge was
Yellow Berry? Or saving it for later?
my favorite ice cream is vanilla
Was it bc you forgot Yellow Berry until a second ago?
ouu pretty colour palette on that amazee dayzee
the game wants you to have happy heart
At least it's good XP COPIUM
oh you can give Gourmet Guy a Shroom Cake?
We'll have to see what Kooper's Shell is
yo I finally caught you live!! how are you phantom
And now you won't have the shortcut either...
Skips a bit. She didnt  blow up the wall
3 rooms, no? Jails + Staircase + trap block?
Come on Ralph has a kid.. he needs money
He lives in a box though.
Missed it, did you get jade raven?
When you put it like that. I want you to skip it even less.
Im very curious to see what the lackilester fight leads towards
Well, thats a relief for you.
Hey Phantom! How's the seed going? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
The seed is going well for us.
Shop in shiver city. Phantom is ashamed
I got him in a chest the other day, I was so sad lmao
Still improving which is awesome! Im getting around 4.5 hours pretty consistently
Need to practice the glitches more still phanto274Facepalm
Now you can fight super blooper.
oh shit is that Phantom five thousand eight hundred live on twitch with mario but paper????
I guess that 5800 shows how many other people named themselves Phantom
@Cooler_Zane whoever said that should be banned ngl
yeah fr, fuck that guy Zane
so we testing seeds? For what exactly
ooooh thats a nice color scheme for him
sir WHERE is your FACE get outta here with that
he died because of my sick burn
3/4 keys tho for chap 1
What were you doing the two hours before if you are now just starting to do things
Okay then put on slow go
so are those 5 new icons still just race stuff randomized
cigarette and coffee is a meal have that
yo when is icebound adding DK mode to this
thought you had a coin for that
Phantom got confused last night over them. Thought he saw 4 Goombarios and puked.
Now he will be motivated to finish this faster since hell not only be hungry, but also need to hit the bathroom
Thats an interesting spot for cake mix
Like finding four mushrooms in Gusty Gulch.
Hey sir you missed slow go
dont ban me for that its the truth
that shouldnty work with his text but it does xD
@cooler_zane Well thats a sentence I didnt need to read
yes you did, you needed to know
sorry been lurking, but how did the rest of Rigby's seed go?
that'll be where bean is you watch
ewww a chapter 7 difficulty FF. gross
I wouldn't either with a difficulty like that
unless I really needed to level up
I guess he could delete his account and make Phantom5801
has General Guy's Star Point Life Blood gushes from his unmoving form, Mario relishes in the victory; his cold Peace Sign a reminder of the hypocrisy of the world
Also phantom when I get up there do you wanna split a copy of sf6 on ps5 so I can play cammy for no particular reason
Cammy is lookin fire in that game right now
They traded the ass for a better view at the abs and it was their best decision
so did you check tubbas castle at all with the 2 keys?
oh sweet bean is def there then
The fate of Phantoms stomach rests on the bean being here.
But yea for sf6 actually I'm starting chun because I always do, if I don't like her I play Cammy, if I don't like the game I play Dhalsim and make other people not like the game
that sounds like a weird Pokedex description of Spinda
damn he got .65 mbps? Poor bot has dogshit internet
okay so which one of you mother fuckers didnt believe hard enough
That's why he only talks once every 20 minutes
Spinda is one of thise Pokemon I dislike because. Stunfisk too
@janitorbeav MODS RECEDE THAT MANS HAIRLINE
can't mess with these locks janito3Link
Hey you can finish chp 1 now
Yo Phantom. GGs and thanks for Wednesday Night
Lantern Ghosts is the most random placement of an enemy in this game. What the hell is he doing in toybox?
vanilla beans are expensive, you should just sell it
2nd seed in 2 days the bean has held out
Is it hidden in volcano again at koopers spot?
You left a paper in storage room maybe turn that in?
didn't think you were still going
I remember you talking about the two checks before
I think I know what u miss
pape random community confirmed a bunch of quitters
I have no audio btw. Sorry!
Have fun. Hope seed goes well.
so glitch logic means most things are an option once you have Laki, yes?
having traps is good for SGDQ. Adds some humor.
just leaving this on cause I'm boutta go to the fgc local
You gonna do the new anti guy fight skip?
oh, I'm in the car on my way to get SPM for 20 bucks
I should go back and play SPM...but that means I'd have to get my Wii U out again
cats, it's a better experience than ttyd lol
sup person I don't remember following, how are you?
I miss the irc days, leeching fansubs from XDCC transfers
fun fact: gourmet guy doesn't like jelly shroom
I will likely be at sgdq this year pog
I really hope you get it in pape needs more love
last night there was a birthday at my sisters place. That's why I didn't do the race
oh its a baby ch 7 lol
im peeking in and out, but good luck :0
I pulled my sister to the side, "I like your friends step on me boots" KEKW
Oh, how did I miss getting Laki?
I saw that, just didn't notice
I just followed and it's like HERE IS A FREE ROLL EMOTE as if the ponytail I need to finish for the cosplay isn't lingering behind me, taunting me lmao
what I hear is that you're brand-building
soon we'll have official phantom merch
2nd half feels like buff00n talking about rune factory
Always. Better when it's required and you didn't skip it the first time
Back again what did I miss?
Sweet thanks I got to see the first 10ish mins that was interesting then had to go
Is a hammerless, bootless all sanity speedrun classed as a long speed run? When claiming phantokens that is 
I think i'm also drinking that brand
Nice I love me some not sponsored coffee drink
i'm somewhat proud of my recent fusion runs
Yay awesome only 27k away then 
tho one of them was pure content, as I needed to open red doors and get wave beam to get plasma beam
and i've been following my own advice and actually uploading complete runs to yt
the runs from saturday went up yesterday and today
the thumbnail perfectly sums up my feelings about the seed
A Goombario only sprite run is a great submission idea Kappa
Ralph is being a bro right there LUL
Heya there flammable material in A block Kappa
Wanna become famous? Upgrade your stream on vk.cc/clSx1k
You need to do something LUL
just make the bot clip through the ground, ez
Casual stroll through the statue 
Ah crap. We could have assimilated that bot into the phantom games bot LUL
I never knew you could clip so much in this game 
I died so much to LP  I focused so much on health never used power plus or anything 
looks like I am a little late
I feel like I missed half the volcano :P
So you swam through the Mountain already and are prepared to do it again LUL
parakarry was trying to get a letter out of that tree and got stuck
What is book of Mario? 
@ili_t1nk_ili a legendary meme collection of translations
Ohhhh that could be super interesting
someone reported a rando bug, you can't bomb the fuzzy trees OMEGALUL
But you can bomb the switch on shiver mountain Kappa
Well gotta make phone calls will lurk again 
I probably should have gone back for. Oh hey Kooper LUL
Just do Ruins Stone Skip Kappa
Good thing you found Kooper, huh LUL
imagine Kooper being convenient along the way for those boots Kappa
Guess Kooper didn't matter that much after all
Desert had those Coveted air Jordans to open the seed Kappa
Would have been very convenient if it was real...
This is the most stacked desert I have ever seen
Can you do ruins with only 2 keys?
You can do a lot of things with Laki
Laki can show us his leprechaun magic oh wow the isnt green riding his cloud of gold LUL
but if you just stay to the right it never aggros, so why lure it
I think I saw someone encounter the beetle yesterday
Laki getting his Cupid colors on
I don't lure it but also don't run into it, idk
I guess I've just never had that issue
so whats all the settings? race + gear shuffle but with additional tricks allowed
traps should be in race seeds, fight me atheists
is it b/c they're unrelated to PM?
what if Danger mechanics didn't exist - would that change your opinion?
got ya - cool to hear
oh, little bot. You are trying so hard! keep at it!
Is it actually faster to hit those on the way back? It seems like the pattern makes more sense the other way
As in te green station block puzzle
great I just hit the mild lightheadedness part of "not having enough sleep"
I don't like that awesome, and almost unheard of
yeah I only got 4 hours. woke up, wasn't tired, watched the pokemon presents
I do like that. It's awesome
usually I get around 6ish lol
Finally got a new mattress yesterday. The old one I had for 16 years
It was a stupid decision. Will not wait so long this time
walmart brand cotton sheets work well too
question, do you use a top sheet?
I hate using a top sheet with a passion
so you have the fitted sheet, then the top sheet, and finally the comforter on top
There's nothing I like more than being tucked into a tight bed. As long as my toes can move
fitted sheets are a pain in the ass tho lol
I can't stand tight sheets I need to be able to move around lol
holy crap that sounds like a hot mess literally
crumple them up and stick it in the drawer lol
Old is figuring out how to fold them effectively
I can't imagine not using a top sheet. I don't want to have to wash my comforter every other week. Top sheet prevents that
my place is a 2 story yet it's often colder than the first floor
our house has 2 ac units, one for each story and my parents love to have the heat on at night
I think it's because we have all our computers and games down here
so that heats it up a bit
but I sleep with a fat dog who cant sleep unless shes under the covers right next to me
was the Quick Change in the shop a fake?
right now i'm using fleece blanket > comforter > fleece blanket > comforter as my layers. super cozy
it probably lasts like 20 minutes cause I wake up and my carefully placed layers are all over the place lmao
Our house is warm, our babies were born in winter and very small when they came home. We haven't gone back down, even though the youngest is 5
Right now I have a blanket and that's it. I tend to overheat with too many layers
do you have an industrial sized fan blowing at night mirby???
look it's actually cold here right now so i'm just gonna get cozy while I sleep
@MarioManTAW same, id rather be cold and layer up than hot and lose layers
I will do this because once summer hits it's gonna be 115 again
my heater is set to 72
I wish omg the house stays around 72-73
My heat is set to 62
I try to keep our place at 68
I'm at 74 (not by my choice lol)
my hotel room stays a 69 lmao
I remember growing up and hearing "72 is room temperature" and then when I moved out it was suddenly 78 being room temperature and I was like "since when"
Its 68-72 in my house  year round
my heat is always set to 69 sometimes more if it get too cold
The 62 is very fine, with my pc on the office stays warm and we spend our time in the office or bedroom (where we have blankets)
I think my AC is like 76
especially the AC. heater on all day during winter is fine, but they gouge pricing during summer
My disabled sister stays in the coldest room (because it's on the main floor) and she doesn't temperature regulate well
it's so cold here right now i'm literally wrapped in one of the comforters at my desk lol
I also don't have a nice sweater I could wear
I try to keep my hoodie and sweats on all year round, but summer kinda messes that up
like it's either a thin jacket or MAXIMUM WINTER PROTECTION THICK COAT OF WATERPROOFING. those are my two jackets I own
Is it faster to wait than to just reload the room?
I need a classic pullover. should probably get one of those next time I snag something from like the yetee or something
Because you can sushie through shiver mountain?
bombette got stuck there for a second
The bot can't even say woo. Lol. And awh man.
Bean first would be nice but 6 checks aren't the worst to do if you need to
thats crazy to think ive been subbed for 6 months. feels like last month is when I started watching your youtube vods
How's the seed going? I've only missed all of it... ):
Goomba king is always good to avoid
if you do happen to go back, you have dolly check
it's kinda messed up how the boos treated tubba, if you think about it
theres no real good side in ch3
homework question, what is a roadblock to reaching an international agreement to control greenhouse gas emissions?
I walked into the mailroom and there were immediately like 6 dozen eggs, I was shocked
idiots are a roadblock to that lmao
@cpunkc one party would refuse to do something before another as they fear they would lose money/standing doing something first which leads to a circle of people refusing to make the first move
industrial idiots or money hungry companies could work
@cpunkc ooooooh okay that makes sense! thank you!
im a teacher, so im conflicted on helping you but here we are
I kinda wanna do a seed right now
imagine if they were your student
I get why I need this class, but at the same time idk what it has to do with what I want for my future job and degrees
howdy phantom!  how's the seed been so far?
They could be my student, but it's very unlikely
I've mentioned pape in class before and nobody was like !!!!
@AudioBlood I mean its a college class so unless you are my online professor I think were gucci
yo we are about to hit a milestone hour amount for total playtime
@AudioBlood we gucci then, thank you teach
everything working as intended, who would ever suggest otherwise
spiny is a mix of turtle and beetle
so if you like smash half of its body then I think youre just killing a bug
I mean, considering this and many other n64 games are held together by duct tape and a dream
and yet most of them feel more put together than a lot of modern triple a games >.>'
do any speedruns do that trick? no major sequence breaks?
all bosses? but then you skip the Kooper Duplighosts????? Kappa
I do remember you talking about it, but haven't caught a run of it yet, only any% and all cards
good thing you got all characters already
poor All Bosses, it finally separates itself from all cards and then is disliked
did sound drop for anyone else or is it just me?
weird, I even reloaded and it didn't come back
I know sometimes my windows audio likes to mute for no reason
it apparently decided to start playing out of my headphones lol
twitch, windows, is there that much of a difference?
we can still find something to blame Twitch for I'm sure
gonna press x to doubt on that one, windows engineer
I mean the cord is getting frayed so it could be actually
but I think it's just that they decided to turn on once they were done charging
don't you bring in logic and good decisions like that
oh god phantom im arguing politics with people on the internet
windows voice "i'm gonna just pretend I didn't hear that"
windows is a great os with no flaws whatsoever
I closed the tab and opened a game
he's just sleeping.  in a farm somewhere upstate.  that mario had to send him to so he could play with all the other bosses.  who are also definitely just sleeping.
I had a long day monadoDead
Its just the after which sucks
was gone for a bit what is he trying to do
As in, don't have it in logic
I do too, love it so much that i've been practicing rooms for glitchless in fact
Did you say you had/had seen Artifact?
I don't suppose you saved Yoshis yet either?
Weird thing about glitch logic, sometimes it's fun and fast but you often orphan a lot more checks on the first pass through an area and thus introduce more bad checks
you're not removing bad checks, you're just removing checks you don't want to do
because removing "bad" checks just introduces new "bad" checks
I wouldnt hate there to be an option to remove some of the really slow checks
I mean, with majora's mask I always remove the archery lanes
i'd love to be able to remove checks I just don't want to do period lol
make like a kaizo player and throw the yoshis in a pit
I will die on the hill of never letting rosie have a single nice thing a day in her life
the check's not hard, she's just a karen and I don't want to enable her
At some point it feels like jsut fishing for a seed where you make the perfect choices to get a 2:25 and want that to be more likely by removing more checks
just decouple yellow yoshi and volcano vase from saving the kids
and that dumbass yellow yoshi tbh lowkey
welp that 1 1/2 page essay became 3 pages noice
I say if you have to save the yoshis you just have to save 1 of them and the others are just saved
you only had to save green
that would be so much better
so make them like the plant seeds?
Is there a thread for that in the Discord? I think it's been brought up but it was a long time ago
its even more than that because realistically if the checks didnt suck you wouldve done them sooner and not been stuck going around doing other stuff, so yoshis having something realistically cost like 30 minutes
I haven't played anywhere near enough rando but yoshi's just seems like the worst check by a longshot
I think my mid case scenario for fusion would be 1:10:00
they really should atleast make it so you dont have to save the yoshi you have to give a letter to
so what you're saying is we should be able to abandon the yoshis to natural selection, just as we have goombario
it wouldnt even be that bad if green yoshi didnt require watt, the odds you come here without watt are so high
If the argument is that this is the least fun/slowest check to do, and therefore yo wanna remove it, doesn't that make another check the least fun? What's the cutof
seed could also be deep jungle
bit of a slippery slope there audio
ah, I was away for that bit nvm
like nobody is arguing getting rid of ALL "least fun/slowest checks" it's just getting rid of this one
oh is goomba king not in race settings anymore
Yes, make it easier to save the Yoshis
I like that fake bombette on the rock
Do you think it would be a good idea to propose open prologue for races for that reason?
I still think rowf should have his vanilla behaviour of requiring a chapter clear before anything is sold
honestly i'd rather have progressive scaling for races than no yoshis but.  that's just me being a newbie who is bad at combat l-lol
the idea of the yoshis being items in the pool would be pretty sick actually
You know what Im going to risk getting banned but I wanna find a seed that has full gear shuffle and have starting boots behind goomba king and ultra boots at late Yoshi kids
that sounds like a curse @BSmith906
Each Yoshi one item is a pretty cool idea.
GDQ bidwar for a Save vs Kill the Yoshis seed
well, atleast we found bean before seed
..... phantom I see this and raise you.  yellow + red yoshi can stay set in the jungle since finding them gives you their checks.  the others are all items.
Why are the Bowser Keys even in the item pool?
right now, they arent, its always shown there though
was there something we couldnt get on MT rugged when we visited
Did you check all the Ultra Boots blocks? I can't remember
yeah, did you have ultra boots before crystal palace?
I also don't recall if you got the one on Shiver Mountain
could always do a test seed by removing yoshis and seeing how that works, if you can
Oooo what type of seed are you doing?
Fuck it. Just roll an all sanity. 
Fuck it. Just roll an all sanity. 
No, don't remove the Yoshis. phanto274Cry
could do it for the sgdq
worst part is that yoshis were still required even if you had found that blue seed
or making it worthwhile, like putting the children into the soup
I mean adding them to the item pool
How do you like that chair phantom? I've thought about getting a secret lab.
I also have one, mine is pink
i'd say yoshis would be better to tie yellow yoshi just to saving that kid, let red stay as he is, then make the rest checks + add them into the pool
doesn't a secret lab chair cost a shit ton
In exchange for Yoshis, you can perma remove Goombario. Kappa
We're off to a hot start
as someone with a bad chair, a good chair is SO GOOD
how about goombario starting at ultra rank
I just had a terrible realization
if you used a time machine to move something through time, would the time machine be a 4D Printer
randomized upgrade blocks like this should definitely be in race settings as well
open prologue does make that one super block a terrible check I guess
def not as bad as GK though
I think it got removed bc it was irrelevant
Sushi watt early = Yoshi kids?!? Kappa
@Mirby_Studios no it would just create a paradox because you would have no reason to send something if you already have it
oh right, I do remember seeing that being a thing and then ignoring it
Would probably get re-added quickly if open prologue was in races
Whenever I hear the word irrelevant, it reminds me of that guy idubbbz went after that said it alot or something
is hating the check a reason?
I was so happy for the second seed tonight until I realized that my new mew plush really is the pokepark mew
he's gonna force me to miss the end of the seed just cuz he came with a scent disk in him that I didn't ask for + need to have surgically removed ;;;;;
rando devs gotta be the fun uncle and throw the kids in the pool
honestly, that's the take I think people SHOULD have
if it's not fun, you should have the ability to not do it
vanilla didnt have HW shroom or always speedy spin, does that mean we have to get rid of those too? absolutely the fuck not
they atleast should get rid of the need for watt
it's like removing the twink cutscene but a check
we'll see how I feel after this, I may ask my boss to call it early and make up the 2.5 hours on wednesday lol
the lack of sleep is buggin' me still
still think it should be a return pipe but w/e
apparently HW shroom is a reference to something else, but like, why
I always liked the idea of a mushroom that helps you travel. LUL
Easier for the devs to add an eating animation than a pipe spawning animation
Mario the bodybuilder downing a raw egg
@MarioManTAW just leave you in the menu and have it play a pipe sound while it fades out
a pipe spawning sound already exists
I can already hear the pipe sound fx.
honestly I didnt even realize that there was an actual eating animation associated with using the HW shroom, I thought it was just sound then fade out
bot advocating for murder over here
157 more followers till ttyd. Let's go.
Well, someone figured out how to skip the animation anyway lol
So people often just... skip it anyway
we did see volcano vase, so maybe thats slightly telling that something might be here, but fuck them kids
without hammer I assume you just get clippy off a spiketop
Well, it's not like you have anything left to fight in this chapter, right?
sometimes I forget how easy it is to just clip through stuff with laki
is it possible for it to generate with an item locked behind itself if its never required anywhere else
I believe that you have to be able to pick up every item
It would be cool if logic allowed unobtainable items/key items, but that currently can never happen
I think that might be the first time ive ever actually seen those activate
It could be a trick in logic if that was a concern
I'm working on the Yoshis post atm
These ideas you are talking about are too extreme. The globalist elites of Paper Mario will hear them and then, well, you know
Hey Phantom! Stream was good, had a bad final Bowser but other then that not too bad. Oh noo, bad seed for you?
so after redoing my set up recently, it is now hitting me how ugly MM looks in 480i compared to 480p KEKW
I knew it was a big jump but I never noticed until turning on my wii and opening obs
just exerting his paper existence on it
Koopa village music is a bop
Well, we did just find 7 scale so the worst it can be is 5
Also, notice I didn't play the fuzzy game. Know why?
Because I suck at this game. Lpl
wait, this wasn't a goombario start... did he force you to pick him up?
I know it's more complicated than equal 1-4 but IDK how it actually works
what code? You said it's flipping coins. Didn't know there was a CoinFlippingUnit in a 64
oh god so its 50/50 if it goes left or right each time, yeah fuck that math im not touchin that
I'd hate to have to debug the registers on that
Are we cheating through the seeds tonight?
Technically you can get the item on top with Clippy if you want
Allowed cheating hmmm. Do I buy this?
how many of the items are skippable like the fortress keys?
Oh wait, I already subbed so I guess ai bought it.
We could even go back for Chill Out if you wanted to do Clippy
@venturific everything but the 5 ch 6 items basically
I think you can technically skip first Tubba Key with First/Bump Attack but that's a really weird case
Damnit I missed where goombario was! I was eating
yeah, I do that literally all the time
the amount of times ive grabbed items that are traps that I know are traps
I had a seed with random magic seed requirement that rolled 0 and I grabbed 2 seeds from blocks that way
ive had 3 trap ultra stones before, like why lol
Such is the problem with glitch logic
Yeah, more so an issue in, say, volcano
I think Goombario will take wins where he can get them
What is Ace? Does it have a hole through it?
Feels like a punch through the chest
"execute code"? Is that what the kids are calling it these days? phanto274Thonk
Us old timers call us t cheating
speedrun dot com: search for "Goombario 3way%"
goombario 3way?! ive arrived just in time
Pebble: appears once, same value as a Dusty Hammer vs Coconut, 3x value, also wanted by multiple NPCs
just watching this ACE stuff... i'm lost but that was really amazing to see o-o
now that is a glitch lol
makes you wonder who discovered it
nerds with too much time on their hands
Well this is a fancy glitch 
that bucket gets you toad house checks thought right?
am confused your bot gained sentience then went crazy I think
@venturific Sounds like a normal human to me
@pethanct01 but its a robot right?
Is that the upgrade that scam offered earlier 
The seed has no logic, why should the bot?
there's only so many ways to code something period, never mind efficiently
Peter Jackson clearly plagiarized JRR Tolkien
Can't you just clip into storeroom anyway 
Wait what's this area of the game? I didn't know this was here
it's a bad chapter anyways. call it chapter POO
You can tell from the smirking fart clouds.
oh I know I just had ot make a joke
Chapter 6 is a lot of fun once you understand whats going on.
If the laktu is electrified, the spinys it summons are too
Wonder if thats the case for any status effect like poison
I would assume that it would apply to any non-stunning stat
this game would be a lot darker if mario had poison
Mario should try and find a koffing then.
I wouldn't be surprised if it applied to things like invisibility
so it would work with shrink? lol
Why couldn't invisibility have been a Mario-exclusive status Sadge
but like, poison the cake for gourmet guy jcogEyes
Ricin cake, then have Brock deliver it to Gourmet Guy. Blame it on Bowser
@RvPA That's peach. So peach is the only one who can inflict poison
Gotta go now. Have fun with the race.
I've got a funny seed for you, should be better content than the last one. Still race settings. Just need another 2K channel points before the seed expires
Those are some nice badges, wow
Have you done all the checks in 7 up to needing Bombette?
mmm maddy came home and made steak
Logic spheres assume you get everything in one sphere before doing anything else
okay I figured out why my wii looked extra ugly with 480i
I am, I managed to fix it
although maybe using a gv for wii would better, idk
but I was outputting composite from my wii and sending s video to my capture
since my n64/gc use s video lol
Reverse Mt. Rugged 2 hours in, weird seed
games like MM will just forever look decently ugly compared to sprite based stuff like pape and I have to accept that KEKW
Any particular reason you delayed Gulch so long?
Ultra Boots first was VERY required, huh
3 items for go mode and one of them is the Train, huh
IT'S THE KING OF ALL FARTS!!!
I didn't think dizzy stomp chest was a weather condition #TheMoreYouKnow
oh so you mean if I live near a volcano, that's a definite maybe, gotcha
I did my first-ever pape rando yesterday! chapter 3 was the first chapter I could clear??
I also got 1fp spook which helped a LOT
the last thing I wanted to share was that both boo minigames were deep focus
traps in this game feel so much worse than in zootr
How did this tragedy mister206Gombidious happen?
wow those badges are really good lol
GDQ donation incentive to pick up goombario if you see him
Seems trophy29Goombario out juked you LUL
Incentive: pick up and use mister206Gombidious
donation incentive to buy lil oinks
could put a helpful badge on the yoshis + do it as a dono incentive, depending on how painful they are
as long as you hit the validation block outside Peach's Castle
there's no plando for paper mario yet, unfortunately
but we have seen seeds close to plando level evil LUL
honestly I really want plando to exist so I can make really weird seeds
technically we can roll the seed until we get a good setup in spoiler logs.  which I think they might do anyway just to get no-yoshis
I would make a required Goombario blue key seed LUL
yeah I have no interest in making evil/kaizo-esque plandos
Do you have any idea who you'd ask to do the vetting?
I want to treat plando as a medium for ART
was honestly expecting that hp plus to be fake
slightly more child endangerment than usual for a seed.  i'm down.
Go crack his egg ass sunny side up phanto274Shrug
paper mario is, financially, a game about attacking children
And detailing how children go from trophy29Goombario to mister206Gombidious Caravel Kappa
jr was not the most effective or intimidating antagonist ive ever seen in a video game
yeah but the egg > bowser jr
Jr was there to rival Mario for the apprenticeship of mister206Gombidious
I just feel sorry for him lol
jr troopa is just a random playground bully who taught himself magic and traveled around the world just to try and beat up mario
it really is and we should reward him for that
And that is why Jr answers to mister206Gombidious
I wonder, that may not have always been there in rando either...
I'm assuming you've already checked blooper chest
he's not a child but he'll do
channel jr troopa by beating up a nerd
@buff00n we beat up the egg an extra time
did you get everything on mt rugged?
could it be in the ultra hammer / boots chests?
have you been to star valley?
oh no, what did you forget? star stone check?
Have you sailed through shiver mountain again? Kappa
Was it those two palace checks to go back in for?
nothing to see here, just normal fish behavior
we love normal fish behavior here
this is one of my favorite glitches
"I could just go in there and softlock and die forever" --phantom, 2023
I don't think I've ever seen this, what is happening
Sailing the great sea with Sushie is the best LUL
did you do every check in crystal palace?
I know sometimes people skip a couple until after they've beaten it
I think I remember us doing the bombette chest in palace
@bsmith906 meanwhile Shebby has her mind blown by the cheats LUL
I'm assuming you already fought antiguy
I love that it keeps the swimming sound
anti guy knew what he wanted
I only caught the tail end of it but this seed seemed like a pain
Probably could have even been a lot faster with different decision making
You can always check where Star Haven/Peach's Castle are
MY LIL' BASTARD OF A CAT JUST FARTED ON MY LAP
peach's castle? you can't even access that right?
then, how are you supposed to get the damn thing?
@buff00n Can we add this to the bot
Hmm yeah okay phanto274Thonk that makes sence lol
Some Snowman will be sitting there, cold for all eternity
you'll never believe where ultra stone is
yeah I figured this one was safe to share
I don't think you'll be picking up the scarf and then going all the way back to shiver city
I wish there was a way to guarantee that you could always get ultra stone before going to chapter 8
it's useful, especially as someone who isn't super good at the game
do you think you can sub 3:30 this seed?
just check the spoiler log for ultra boots Kappa
I guess an idea would be if it was possible to not shuffle peach's castle items into the pool? or have them only be able to be consumables? something like that?
same with the star haven shop
yeah no that sounds like it sucks
idk it feels like it would solve some problems if the chapter 8 items were always consumables
Now that you're certainly not going back for it, want to know where Last Stand was?
yoooo magical seed, better grab it
all of the other optimal rip cheato checks were garbage
He had Boots and P-Up D-Down
Might not matter but it could depend on FP
I didn't know u could delayed adds
is there a good guide anywhere on final bowser? last night I died to him twice before managing to win
This is a good time to plug your YT :)
mostly I just need to know about how his healing works
Did you not have the Bowser strats for rando video?
alright, I'll keep that in mind!
what if u have 50 hp Kappa
If you have 50, you'll win but it'll take forever unless you're max level
Hes wittewaly playing papew mawio wight now
Is this like survivor? Working together but I'm the end, there can before only one?
The FX badges are the immunity tokens
Extreme settings all sanity co op submission would be fun to play err I mean watch. Kappa
Have you seen that you can check FP for ghost partners?
I wonder if I could get into gdq with fusion rando
So this is why they call it beach combing LUL
This isn't co-op on 1 file is it? Cuz that should be a thing
Nice. Multiworld would be great to watch btw.
multiworld would be much cooler if it didn't require emulator use
muiltworld pape rando will be cool
So eating a whacks bump is like doing shrooms then good to know Kappa
Is this still glitch logic or no?
Funny how Laki just lets you beat 2 whole chapters with glitches
Planning on clearing Tubba's Castle while you're here?
You dont have to destroy the house over this.
Who is a better mathematician/battletactician than Phantom
Tubba's Castle out of logic also an option
Give 2 options so you can split up :)
You were Surprised by red key in the dark because you see blue key too much LUL
oh! I have a JP cart of this game coming in soon PrideUwu
I just need to get a universal adapter and I'm good to go!
omg two of my fav people co-oping
I would watch that so fast
Might need to up the difficulty in the settings if this is too fast Kappa
Koopa koot and required goombario for the win
for finishing the run will you both need to finish or just 1 with the slower person fishing checks for the team?
Required 7 LP is the worst
Required 7 LP is worst if you actually do it ;)
ohhhh so that's what the gray magikoopa does? I didn't know lol
ghost bombette with the mighty  body dash
@ohheyitjaye you arent supposed to see it LUL
Yeah getting the ultra boots is the walk of shame this seed LUL
yeah get ultra boots from star stone check, then go to the sewers and get the star stone with those ultra boots
Every eyeroll Phantom gives, an angel gets their wings. Old saying
you'll find the second fortress key in there and then have to go back to ch.1 to the bombable wall to get palace key
Or we could get seed here
and have weight be at Tubbas
Ultra Hammer gets you... 2 checks? Ultra Boots and Dizzy Stomp?
wait, I thought you needed to get 2 keys to get to the bombable wall that leads outside to the right
I mean it's in the ruins :)
Makes sense to do the cloud machine first. Get that depression out of the sky
oh wait, I'm so dumb. You have ch.1 done already lmao
kinda waiting for the multiworld of this game to come out (if it's even possible)
also I still want the SMB3 sprite on this, especially since it exists in Dark Star already, but one can dream
The moment of truth does water stone have boos portrait or something else?
by which I mean 2 teams of 2
The walk of shame was required KEKW
now how does that make sense? LMAO
oh wait, you laki'ed into ruins I'm guessing?
I was thinking I should try that! not with vanilla LOL
And its possible to use ultra boots to break stone blocks
interesting. I need to try full gear again
it's been a while. Maybe I'll try it again soon PrideLaugh
lmao you saying that reminded me of a video I watched
I'll post it in the discord
Thanks for the unnecessary imagery, Phantom
I am going to go and shit on Huff now
Great now it looks like I said it LUL
At least he didnt give you Goombario after losing IQ points to him Kappa
Stopwatches are all the rage. From young to old
getting those Stop watches as a reminder to slow down
Strimmer y u no open that chest in boo mansion
I have a chocolate craving now after that walkthrough the mansion
Insult to injury with that goomba
Imagine palace key being vanilla. That would be the ultimate insult in this seed LUL
Conflict is great for television. Go vanilla.
And how many spheres was that palace key? LUL
Thats a good question. Locked behind Sushi and all the ch7 back tracking
would you rather play a seed with no life shrooms or no repel gel?
papyrus plumber items are not in the usual place version
It's just as good as elf boy screeching whistle of hours items are all over the place version
maybe there will be a good badge here...
perfect power bounce but you cant get it till the boss gauntlet
and we have not found mister206Gombidious I take it
No wonder why this is an amazing seed then
All I want out of Pape ROM hacks at this point is a Koopa Bros fight instead of Junior here
Now you need to post your Co Op PB
Looks like I made it back for the ending
Planning on doing another seed after this?
He is unpredictable and unstable right now in his new form Kappa
You know you have a great final boss when it still gives you a challenge even after the setup
@mariomantaw if its what I think it is then oh no LUL
Yeah, this was one I played offline
Good to know that I wasnt bad as a kid and that final bowser is unpredictable LUL
If I were to give you a seed from one of my races, it would be the one with Gil
That seed btw (not the one I sent) - mandatory triple dip forest and terrible badges
Don't worry. Thank you for the content.
I've thought about making you a seed, but I'm like 17k away from VIP.
I think I missed that one but heard about it
Makes sense since you guys should be saving each other time.
I dont think that trip was that bad. It could have sent you to Tubba
Just need a little more to get Book of Mario.
Have you considered other games to speedrun like SM64 or OoT?
I forgot to sub so now it should say 845 Kappa
you could always throw koot and panels into the mix
Mandatory Goombario but he's behind the vase check
Required Goombario on Fuzzy check for Watt. I remember that Kappa
Take some of the invisible blocks and remove their hitboxes unless you have Goombario
Goombario sanity making all sprites Goombario Kappa
this another co op or new seed
well I guess both is likely due to 2 voices on stream
so how does this work exactly. havent seen a co op before
just sharing info? not shared items or anything? I see
Co-op but you can only receive information from your partner if you have Goombario to Tattle IRL
lol would be a real reason to get goombario. speak of the devil
Your pockets are safe from Darth Goombidious this seed mister206Gombidious
All the berries in one area is just a meme LUL
How often do lemons/anti-guy come into play?
does m 4 have a YT?
Looks like 7 or 6 scaled
do you try to see who completes first?
gonna head out for now. wont be here tomorrow probs if stream cuz its anniversary time w my partner. gl on the seed and have a wonderful day
Imagine getting the tasty tonic from the pokies in the ruins after each fight
are you guys in different areas?
if you don't PB from cooping that'd be sad lol
That hammer throw could be worth against blooper Kappa
3 HP means almost nothing, could be 3-6 iirc
you don't need powerbounce just power up goombario kappa
Kooper and Bombette in here? Toy box have never been this loaded LUL
What happened to you Lantern ghost?
Why did you pee your sheets? monkaS
Yellow colored lantern ghost is nightmare fuel LUL
This cut scene is so great. Get to skip Karen Penguin.
how'd the first seed go? 
why is it so small LOL
Green Laki either means he is sick riding a cloud of his own crap or a leprechaun riding his cloud of gold Kappa
In this chapter, you really see how nuts Colorado is?
Can you ban Phantom from his own channel?
you need goombario on a wanted poster as an emote
Not a man of the people.
Parakarry just has an unhealthy relationship with mail so much so that he has to give it to them in order to achieve inner peace
Happy Heart + Last Stand phanto274Hype
Just cook up Jr into an omelette and eat him Kappa
@Trevbonk Hold on. You might be onto something. Kappa
Rats. Did I miss all the fun again?
Don't we all. H 2 OH yeah!
I'm going to get some dinner and enjoy this movie then! Also hello mx4
just did the weirdest race seed. super late weight, but red key was behind 25 star pieces, and 3 chapters were locked behind an ultra boots block in 7
block had portrait, boo shop had seed, petunia had 4th bros key
AND to make it worse, I lost because I missed 2 blocks
Sounds like a gil seed that Phantom would have done
oh and goombario was hard required, because he was the 10 star piece reward
wanna run a seed phantom? I got 35k points sitting here
I was thinking like an actual co op
weird, I thought blue key got you access to everything that red key did
I was really confused thinking they made it multi-player and online at that
Shit in Tubbas heart. More terrible imagery
Save him, save the Goomba boi
someone will purchase him eventually v0oidSmug
@WitheredRxse He's good for the soul.
How did the first survivor run go?
Were you voted off the island?
Koopa village knows how to party
I was gonna ask if I could get some I wish to feel colors and see smells. Anything sounds better than now
@WitheredRxse Seeing smells is a pretty good ability
Is there a badge that puts mario in danger or does the game auto do it after so many levels and Mario's hp still only being 5
@WitheredRxse No, but there's a guy you can talk to.
danger is just defined as 5 hp or less, making max 5 means permanent danger
Its amazing how bombette refers to herself and I quote "a menace"
Flip a coin for who has to do yoshis
or... whoever is done first gets to choose?
Yes go get goombario from the kids
oooo I like mx_four's huff palette! why are the colour palettes different between the two of you despite it being the same seed?
I like rando because the caps and bowsers hp barely matter. im just gonna power bounce through whatever bullshit he tries
yo dawg, I heard you like 3 caps
You might say, it's a game done quick
That was fun to watch, thanks you two!
eating a bowl of cereal real quick, just a few more minutes
Is it from the dog island
Doing good, finished practice and about to go home and find something to make for dinner.
That game has a surprisingly good ost
At least you have boots and hammer
they're just giving you 40 life shrooms
"we're sorry, he's here for life"
Goombario only for the 1st hour
If you could you would replace Goombario with a coconut. phanto274Cry
Kolorado left all his things in Pleasant Path
I see I've joined in to an appropriate start KEKW
we've already had goombario longer than I thought we ever would
the vicious irony where I nearly put 143
then I realized i'd have seen the first tree and didn't
I can't believe how much phantom likes goombario
new record for how loved goombario is
he's following at a respectful distance, don't be mean
How you enjoying the start of this seed so far?
it's Goombario. It's in my contract to belittle Goombario.
awww I was hoping he'd make it to 20
Nope? With a 1 BP DP?
this is making me wanna play a seed tonight >:(
your ad countdown looks clean in your layout
So did Marioman do this seed and now wants you to, or were special settings requested?
how could you do this to me
this is the best day of his LIFE
thanks for the gift sub axl :P
oh axl, are you able to go to SGDQ this year?
I thought this would be a good one to send
This is the best day of my life
we can wish for nothing more than the best day of goombario's life
I can't in good faith type that out y'all
I can't flat out LIE in this chat
I wasn't sure if he was going to get upgraded but I'm happy for the boy WeLoveGoombario
I cant, the funds that would go towards that are being spent on resolding my yard. The joys of being a home owner.
I need to do this tho, after 2 years being here my yard was 99% weeds
Goombario seed and blue key seed? Amazing
Laki on Merlow 15, let's goooo
goombario continuing to have the best day of his life
he escaped mario's pocket dungeon an extra time
what settings are you and m4 using btw
I like shuffling the upgrade blocks
Welp, burnt all my psychic power on PapeRaces
imagine chapter 6 access at 17 minutes
The bee ran into me when I was still in the bubble
alright, lurking cuz back to work
sounds like the tumblr cake recipe
the wack part is, GamesBot said that IMMEDIATELY after I took a sip of black tea
Younshould have goombario out for the train ride so it can look like he's in jail
he's already in the jail of mario's pocket, the train is just letting him out into the yard
*black chai, with cinnamon no less
One day you'll have it for the perfect youtube thumbnail
i'm not sure whether or not to be concerned by the number of life shrooms we've found
Nah, just means Moles have Watt
oh so we're only abandoning SOME children this run
I see you have goombario 
Are you having fun yet? I am :)
wait how'd you just skip that water room lmao
you've watched me do that room like 10 times
and you didn't even tell me lol
I learned that trick last run and it was so NICE
I didn't even know it was a thing wtf
Only a speedrunner would say yes to jumping in the volcano
I agree cats emotes are top tier
because its repeatable, isn't the normal sleep item there guaranteed not progression?
is there a story behind the name phantom?
oh, ive been makin that assumption
glad it hasnt boned me lmao
I saw someone suggest making the 5 yoshi kids an item you can find anywhere. Never wanted to slap someone so hard OMEGALUL
making the yoshis items, is also a crime
I switched to progressive for practicing and i'm.  desperately hoping it first-attempt beats my last pb
don't get me wrong, the seed did kind of deserve it, it was good.  but I did not play it well enough for it to be an hour improvement on pb
I messed up my desert checks to miss my third ruins key, two of my first three bosses were ch7 + ch6 scaled, and I got into SO MANY fights I didn't want to
i'm not sure whether the hour improvement was just the seed being good in and of itself or whether it was my other seeds being so BAD
@iceblue Yeah, I dont think Phantom has liked a seed in a while.
to be fair, we do keep giving him bad seeds
Theres always something awful. Like last nights backtracking
I don't know if this is a /bad/ seed per se but it definitely is a funny one
Oh no what is this evil of a seed mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
The ultimate sacrifice against electro blooper LUL
we are not teaching this bot good things
waiting on it to tweet that lol
I came back at the wrong time ;;;;; nice things for rosie is always a sad day
I dont think it could be cheaper than 1
I take it this was a Goombidious start?
the whole seed is a terrible monstrosity blue
last time this worked so gonna try again
wdym this is a great seed :)
mmmm love a goombario seed! GL! heading home from work
This is painful to watch with mister206Gombidious
Being forced to use Goombario is plain awful in itself
That has me cracking up LUL
How much better would Goombario be if the rando fixed Multibonk's cap rate?
Sometimes PB starts at 3 after defense but 3 before defense is rough
phantom if you go to GDQ, that means me you and m4 can all race in person
I wouldn't care if it's added. I mean we can use Parakarry. I know it's easier, but still
At least you hurt Colorado in the process of not cheating
i'm purposely trying to learn more LOL
Koloraeo just glued his broken shell back together is all
IMO some Laki corner clips should be considered but a lot of them arguably skip too much
At least it's not Super Blooper
You could try to put Sleep Stomp back on
This wasn't supposed to be a "suffer against hard fights" seed so much as a "haha Goombario start" seed
I see we have best partner
Let's try to push for a progressive race Sunday, I tried last time but was told it was too short notice
thanks for nmot signing up 2 weeks ago
I don't know when the appropriate time to suggest the change is though
we should get you to join the Axl/rigby/paperario races then lol
HMMM I seem to remember parakarry being here in the league practice seeds way back
oof, we really like that LUL
I am totally down for both of those as well but am not in as much of a position to make things change
Have glitch logic/glitches legal races even really been brought up since glitch logic actually became a thing?
@mariomantaw Youre right, this seed is funny.
Tag teaming seeds is good to watch
If some subset of people want to do an everything legal race, I'd be down to join
Probably would lose but who cares
I hate that kind of shit. Kind of left you in the cold over it. Whats to be afraid of with saying what you want or talking about good ideas.
To be fair, IDK how many of the other people who aren't Pape speedrunners care to learn the glitches but I've had fun with it
Again, I'd be down as long as it's a time I could do
Should just have multiple options for different player levels. Obviously, Phantom is a very high level, why cant he be challenged in a constructive way that allows viewers to see tricks and glitches.
oh you submitting pape mario rando
cant believe you are cheating on pokepark like that
you know that aint happening lmao
I could at the very least make a Glitched goal on racetime to try and encourage that. I'd definitely be down to do some all-glitches-allowed races.
It would be surprising if neither got in since this game is popular
I just worry about intimidating new people mostly lol
but really we should just switch up what rules we use imo
hopefully they do less quantity and more quality this time around
so many secondary categories for the sake of numbers
maybe we could do like, a monthly poll to decide the settings for that month?
try and keep things from getting stale
would you wanna do a race?
tbh I havent in a WHILE
Whatever happened to the idea of "odd" settings every other week
my pb is 4 months old monadoShy
I would too if I played this game as much as I watch
it does work really well in WW
I do kinda worry about incentivizing really tedious stuff like npc pushes
I mean obviously with glitchless logic you'd never have to
I mean I'd do early seed NiceSoftlock
it'd be worth it to me mostly just to not orphan that check
ngl, I'm definitely tired of vanilla gear, even if the starts can be bad sometimes NiceSoftlock
maybe we should just keep the current settings/rules for the league? I think they may be more appropriate for consistency there
I'll just say, if I want to do a "for fun" seed, it will definitely be FGS
will there be a 4th ruins trip PAUSERS
It would be interesting if season 0 was everything-legal since it'll already be broken up by skill
honestly vanilla gear is so boring
Part of the reason it's a hard sell for the weeklies is it just separates the pros from the noobs even more
how does OoTR handle stuff like this? I feel like that's a closer match to pape than WW in terms of how much glitches change things
I basically only watch rando if it's ZFG, and even then not usually zfgOgRGB
In oot weeklies, the list of rules regarding glitches is ... a read
Smadge is what you are looking for here
average boos mansion ultra boots seed
The OoTR "Standard" rules have sections
phantom help me, im watching some hot garbage rn monadoBonk  bowser fury jumpless any%
no other mod wants to verify this
"Basic Techniques", "Allowed Glitchless Techniques", "Allowed Glitch Techniques", "Banned Routing Sequence Breaks", "Banned Glitches/Techniques"
phantom just call me blue lol
when are you gonna get desperate for youtube content and start making tier lists
thats the phantom5800 I wana see
I almost had to call the cops
I was both worried and enjoying it LUL
I missed MORE goombario time while I was eating dinner????? D:
tbf I almost had to do that in a seed recently, but luckily I got bailed out by finding another partner at the last second LUL
no, this seed needs to be saved forever for goombario to have a good ending for once
"I'm upgrading Goombario because I love him"
Nice. His Goomba prejudices are receding
I have to see that amazing clip LUL
We could just have Chat GPT edit on Kappa
Am I allowed to say youre racist to Goombas or is that a little too far?
but phantom, we know where the footage is...... on goompa's tape
Well she actually has a soul unlike this guy mister206Gombidious
I dunno, I always did like the yoshi better
Wait, they made Hustle Drink a partner move? LUL
vivian's a great character, but I always felt like she was pretty sub-par in terms of fights
Yoshi is also top tier, probably. Also like the red hat ghost
fiery jinx is useful but not the best
though I also personally think the 64 partners are generally better than ttyd lol
her outta-sight equivalent is worthless lol
I mean not really, but almost
Vivian is awesome, but as a battle character, she's kinda meh
they should've given us stanley instead
Piplup doesn't evolve. What do you mean? Kappa
bot, how is an easier slide a "but" here smh
goombario was in that ground pound spot
speaking of pokemon though ngl phantom I keep meaning to ask what dragonite plush that is behind you
like the game just shit him out
hey chat should I buy the 500 dollar life size altaria plush
oh kk.  lol I was just so curious if you knew
I could either buy the plush or travel to like 2 smash tournaments and the ladder sounds more fun unfortunately
they have a 58in wailord plush now for like $420
I looked at that waillord and said I liked actually having my bed be MINE lol
THE WAILLORD WOULD BE BIGGER THAN I AM.  NO.
I mean, traveling is great and all
that will never leave your side
my friend did joke though about how we could finally do the plush version of the skitty + waillord meme
since sitting cutie skitty is out too
If all your progression were to be locked behind either Boo's Portrait or Bow, which would you rather see first?
I struggled with Huff playing this seed, glad you didn't seem to
I did Palace first and did a very slow fight with normal Jump Charge
Who doesnt like pumping up on the BP juice Kappa
But those 2 Star Points Kappa
At least we know Russ T isnt losing IQ points because of Goombario this time LUL
no, if we had green mario too, that would have made sense
Crystal palace is indeed a palace of dreams
Maybe one of them could chain into dolly? LUL
Failing Power Shock on CK OMEGALULiguess
Game really says, go beat some bosses and then you can play the game again
And its reasonable to assume toy box has the rest
I am always a toy box believer LUL
The diamond stone appeared to ease your doubts Kappa
If there is one thing I learned from watching seeds is that Toybox always has something even if its not the item you want LUL
As you were saying about doubting toy box? Kappa
I can definitely see the key being at Tubbas
Never doubt the toy box folks. Its always loaded
I didn't have too much of a problem with Laki bc Life Shrooms and got to skip moles bc I knew they would be harder than Laki
You had Power Rush, right? If you let Laki give you Danger instead of immediately putting him to sleep
@mariomantaw you rolled an interesting seed. Maybe you can get more to do it Kappa
We'll see, it's a good content seed for sure :)
Not sure who I could give it to though
Less than it used to but maybe not by much
Maybe the longest cutscene in this chapter?
I seen joe try it and he got softlock
Its a rando, not really there for a vanilla playthrough
I dont like any cutscene removal. its just removing base game content
There's also always the option to not shorten cutscenes
If you care that much about keeping them, let the racers keep their QOL
My suggestion, don't know how hard it would be on paper, would be to have a remove cutscene option on the rando generator page and have an option to keep all at original length
just have a option for no cut scenes or cut scenes
why not all 3 make everyone happy
Have 3, no scene, shortened, or vanilla
I don't want to talk to any of the star spirits after saving them
we just nod respectfully and I go on with my day
I wonder if there's a way for them to code in an option for "no cutscenes after getting all of the required items"
Have an in-game selector before each one for if you wanna skip them Kappa
is the emote you eye rolling?!?
lmfao don't worry about that KEKW
You do have it but not equipped
down with ekans, up with more agumon emotes
I don't even have any, still want more
also, chat, I was trolling and all cutscenes should be removed. they don't make the rando more enjoyable in any way
and sitting through them while in go mode is literally painful
especially the like 3 star haven cutscenes every single time
and I jst wanna be done at that point
I dont need to see a stupid bathtb
at least yo can ski flying tub now
I don't wanna see them make the rainbow bridge, just give it to me
yeah, devs have made it way better already
oh yeah no v glad to not fight kammy anymore
How do they even shorten them
they just speed up the playback of the cutscene afaik
immediate cards after beating bosses would be pretty cool
Speed up? I wish it was that easy
the cards are annoying, but I also think the cards are ok to keep that's pretty iconic
i'd rather see no dialogue after than no card spawning personally
bow has to talk because she asks you a question
if you're not in physical pain after a run, it isn't valid
I love pressing A a billion times fighting Kammy YEP
skolar and I will nod respectfully at each other and never speak of ch3 again
What would I have to do to get one made?
we can make the default run state be saving stanley
Cutscene before Stanley has no real reason to exist, Stanley cutscene can be severely shortened
How hard would that be to implement everywhere else?
No, the one between the gate and Stanley
IMO the literal first cutscene beyond Gusty Gulch should be Tubba seeing you in that corridor
The first cutscene in thw whole run should be the credits
icebound is right and should be saying it
tbf, people going "remove ALL cutscenes" don't keep in mind how jarring that would be
there's a surprising amount of politics in general surrounding the rando
Like, Koopa Bros die, and the screen from the battle fading out into Mario standing outside KBF? ...
card cutscenes make sense to keep in general. it's the core thing of the game
the quick saves after bosses I kinda like
Just learn to program and make it how you want Kappa
I'd want Merle to be in his house, I walk up to him, press A, Mario holds up the item, I peace out
icebound out here teasing us all with what we could have
Merle has to stop you in your tracks 3 times on the way to his house and once more on the way out
I bet he thinks orange juice is better than apple
There's some cutscenes we can't really remove either. Like, arriving at Mt. Rugged via train: How would that be removed without looking really weird
do we have to keep jumping moustafa or can we yeet him too-
I know he wants his parkour but please, I just want to get my item and leave
Gulch is somewhat annoying but Merle stops you 4 times on the same screen...
he's asking if he can cheat
I was trying to spell rawk hawk
time to play the game as miyamoto intended
Looks like MarioMan and I were connected, somehow
The poll will give us the next emote
Rowf is another great example. Could just have him show his stock in reverse order instead of random
My seed, btw, if you check the spheres, Goombario start, no partners in sphere 0
Only immediate progression was Odd Key and sphere 1 was literally just Bombette
can I give you a z1r seed?
Imagine being that one person who doesn't love goombario
why use 30k points or rando, when I can spend 60k to make you do glundo or something
drop the deets in my dms
Or save up to 200K for a whole new game
oh I forgot I could make you do that
yeahhhh no RE that's what I thought
I've already done VIP and 3 rando seeds...
Is there a list you have to pick from?
Back to back goombario seeds?!? 
apparently RE4 remake comes out this month so that's pretty cool
Starting with Darth Goombidious 2 times now mister206Gombidious
which game should I make him run guys
Aww, there's no Baten Kaitos 100% on there
@Icebound777 lmfao it's only 345 hours long
im absolutely saving 200k for quest 64
oh yeah phantom said he'd learn q64 with me
lets do frame manips for 40 hours
quest 64 was the worst game I enjoyed as a kid
and once we get, pull a 1 in 4 teddy
jokes on you phantom, we're learning it tomorrow
I still see those ranger sequels and feel both doubt and awe
That trick only works with Goombario
okay, gonna step away. gl with the rest of this
he gave you back the coins with interest
Kent really could have just turned around and walked 2 feet if he wanted 50 coins so badly rather than stealing them from Mario
Hes to tall to hit the blocks
What's up with the cheater pov lol
I was going to say you haven't yet but you don't have a Storeroom Key
Phantom is guilty of admitting that he loved Goombario right before he upgraded him Kappa
I don't know if it's optimal but I like going here in my first pass of Toad Town
I usually only prioritize going there if I see a lot of early star pieces
Half the time, I end up not needing any Star Pieces anyway and just never have to think about it for the rest of the run
You can find Star Pieces under the hidden panels. Follow me for more tips.
I also don't delay the sphere 0 check over there which sometimes is helpful
im ususally just trying to get into 2, 4, or 6 ASAP for the check densities
Any chance you do ClippyBoots to skip the Weight entirely?
Did you decide not to get weight?
Did you happen to come across a Fright Jar? I don't recall
just got back and omg @Glennjaamin LUL
my gamecube is fixed now cats4eWiggle
I sent it off and watched the guy fix it. He did that same mod and had his disk drive to swap with my busted one.
His is the one on top
I mean, he has the one that goes inside.
is the ttyd hard to setup, all I see is guides for wind waker.
I mean there is an FX badge
I dont have wind waker so ttyd would be convient
Would streaming off a WiiU be better than an emulator?
I dont think I want to drive a disney course
wiiU IS an emulator tho LUL
Mario Kart DLC getting too real world for my taste
Wii U is legal for high-level vanilla speedruns, most other things probably don't matter
I didn't say it was popular, just that it was legal Kappa
finally an excuse to buy a wii u :tf:
I asked twitch for a 6 month sub refund...Though normally Subscription purchases aren't refundable, as a gesture of goodwill and a one time exception I've gone ahead and terminated the Subscription and pushed through a refund of the associated cost. Thanks for the "goodwill" twitch. Kappa
You mean how awkward the controller is to use with the N64 mods
thee wii u just drops kappa
Thy Wii U would drop thee inputs
If I were to speedrun this game, I have no interest in spending more money so would run emulator until I got good and then play Wii U
Bc that's what I own the game on already
i'm gonna buy all of em and make them 11.99 that'll show em
Yep I recently bought a copy for $20, but the US one was $120
Then again, now that I think of it, not sure how I would get the JP version...
Just run EN I guess LUL
english pape, cart only is like around 120 bucks, that aint cheap lol
I have my childhood english cart
honestly if I played on english id just use my everdrive
Why would any human ever play a game in English when they can play in Japanese and advance the text faster.
Is the item on the far left past the rock not a check?
9 dam from ch 3 swcALED
hard to time parakarry sometimes. idk why
what kind of seed is this?
On a recent run I just knocked them over with Watt and Mega Quaked to 1HKO them super cleanly and it was really satisfying
we got golden to play pape lol
race settings is no cheating lol
I always hope Blooper has nothing so I can reset and fight him later instead of the stronger ones
nil, didn't know about the ground pound check by the super block
wow u can rlly just do whatever in this game if u cheat
Is it cheating or advanced techniques?
What's the meaning of the numbers/letters on your tracker items/spirits?
I feel like it's a good spot to learn it with the static enemy
I think the first one I tried learning was off that one beetle in the ruins and I struggled so hard
Man, that lava piranha fight was intense
beat chapter -> check beginning of chapter SeemsGood
Why not Spook? Much higher FP?
I karate chop my controller but it makes me 
But we should crush them WITH metal
I was sad that you didn't 
I wonder where their resistance roots in
I always think Spin Attack is Quick Change at first
sacred artifact for locating reclusive creature.  being sold at the shop
yeah it was a rade javen
why did you not wait to nap until after the snowmen?
Def was curious why you chose 7 over 2
or gels? I've seen those in stores
Can always pray to the png gods that you'll find some rn
guessing he counts as a flying enemy
you'd think a mega quake would jostle the tree nut loose
Was the hammer bush just a cooked item?
Wait why didn't you have to fight junior?
that was so smooth with the spin buying
what's with the pinned message lol?
No idea how to drop items I don't want
Just saying, you might want to not ignore all the Fortress Keys in case you need to go back for Refund
I forget where exactly the key doors are, I guess there isn't one between there?
didn't know you could skip the ultra block to get to it
probably nothing he says as Koopers shell falls Kappa
Oh, before when you first passed boo's portrait you said you should've gotten it before having ultra hammer
parakarry + bush, don't let us down
Basically everything you can skip, you already have...
If Yoshi Chief has a key item lol
As a kid I always thought those were teeth instead of arm/tentacles
All white Gourmet Guy reminds me of Gordon Ramses
He truly is a lantern ghost with his orange color
thought u wanted fp last time
Goombario should get a new ability in rando to tattle out a single key item from the spoiler log
Had you really not been that way before?
that's a cool idea abt bario
im sure it's not original it would be like a day 3 idea back when they were actually making this thing
since the hearthstone shroom got added u know
"If you really don't want to see ads, here's a link to various methods of blocking ad playback in twitch streams:"
The National Flower Fields Bidet got skipped
I would be disappointed if they removed Stanley getting eaten Kappa
I love that going in a door makes them all like "Where'd he go?"
baby phantom needs the beauty sleep
or the 7 AM war room meeting on Zoom
I think it was the first shop actually that just had too much to buy
Phantom needs to leave the stream desk in an hour to reach the taco bell before it closes
A modern day flash parody of this game would have tubba blubba shit out the ghosts
this seed really be turning this game into TTYD?
Scientifically formulated worst paper mario title possible
better than getting spirit 2 right now?
I just figured if you must beat this chapt, might as well
You're welcome for the 10 cents Phantom
Laki was in a hidden block
starting to wonder if Watt will just never be found
Watt is most likely the last thing before Laki
which hidden block was laki in, scramble?
who else whats a  Luigi challenge modifier for the badges to make them all cost 1 BP added to this kappa
trying to think of where Watt must be since he's "necessary" for ch4 boss access.
in logic is watt for sure behind bombette/melody in logic?
Like why is she behind bombette ig
We just got the Mystery Note which is "necessary" for Watt ig
Always used to think I couldn't jump on this dude
Row for sure doesn't have it now that we got a new spirit?
Late for the show, but ready to go
Sushi feels so useless in battle outside ch5 boss
I like to snowwhirled mash so I like sushi kazamsCatglubhappy
can we have the blocks be green in the future if they have a key item in them kappa
I'm accepting getting banned from submitting seeds phanto274Cry
Honestly, this is why the yoshi kids just need to be left in the jungle Kappa
Honestly this should give people even MORE incentive to find the Yoshis. More Yoshis = More Checks Kappa
I lost faith in the Yoshis after they had mister206Gombidious one time
you must've had more checks if you didn't find the calculator. Can't think of what it could've been
It's ok for me, I don't want to make you suffer with other seed
Calc is in Castle hidden block
Thank you for trying my rando seed
I came in during a part I hardly hear lol
the only cat I've added is Pog
nintendo said they will ship more copies, its not a limited release
im loving it with the gamecube controller
I'm just removing this one because of who made it
Mario changed clothes on that ride
toy box should also be open
I dont know if ive ever used phanto274Love
Oh god I saw the title of the stream double damage?! Lol
coins must be  the in thing this season
Well this is turning out well
@bmaick I mean, thatd explain how she cooks so fast
You can sell those mistakes at the bowser castle shop for 20 coins each tho!!
As they say, you leaen from your mistakes
look at him, just throwing money on the ground
You can check sushie without issue
loving the hammer c ancels lmao
The jr trigger is behind LP now
this is literally choosing the most uncommon setting combination possible huh
That's been in the rando since publci release lol
twink has all the star power lol
Lil man is already powered up so why are we saving the spirits then XD
or did I imagine its existence
to be fair that was a bug
yea but at least it's POSSIBLE for it to not be parakarry first now LUL
well I see hammer is good
just all sanity minus trading toad?
I assume full gear shffl and no traps?
lol I did not expect to see my n o answer turned into yes
Well, thats what I get for watching this on the phone
did kamen do the randomized star spirit costs one
what a min bowser castle key?
If they buffed Kooper and Goombario and who ever else may need it, would it affect the other characters negatively
Is that what the game does if you start with Star Power?
Also didn't know you could start with Star Power
Snowman doll is enough for these Koopas btw
It was at the top of your inventory...
I think traps also do 4?
He was hiding it from tje wife
Does 2x XP increases the max level cap?
I found out that athena crystal shoot loops ToD if you start with reflect
Idk how tf you hit a raw ex reflect in the corner but it's cool I can do 1006 raw lol
Here goes the emote you just removed...
Idk when I got a gift sub for him
the hell you have so many coins for
do enemies drop more coins since double xp?
@RavenFP yo can I dm you something I found on twitter
He has a testament hat now
If my dms are open go for it idr if I have it set for phantoms server or not
how did he know blue goomba was dead
Let's be real, the XP was worth your time
Just realized, double pain Master... monkaS
TIL what Kooper's Ultra Rank move is OMEGALUL
Some diversity is nice in my opinion
Do the star pieces imply that you can assemble a star?
I was going to say, better prepare for Rip Cheato tax
did you find a bunch of early things to sell or what happened the first 30 minutes
more confused why yes is yes instead of being n o
How art thou doing this fine Thursday
Working on putting all those on the tracker now
Man, I love Super Mario RPG 2
I didnt even notice peachs castle keys on the tracker until now
Could you have the little sprites in your layout like hide behind the bushes? Like toad and rowf could be peeking behind the bush
Hope you're doing well Phantom orange188AYAYA
I do like the sheer amount of settings changed from 'normal' all sanity. but it does make it hard to explain succintly
I forget its coded yeah thats complicated
like I think the seed string is shorter than it would to type it all out by far ironically
what is a book of mario?
How many explosive letters are you gonna deliver?
Thanks for getting that last coin. Would have made me crazy had you avoidedit.
Mail, money, a skull... don't know what you should have expected from a guy in the sewers...
I used to think gourmet guys belt was not a belt. Looked like an almost empty abyss with his spine showing.
wait... do my eyes deceive me... bowser castle keys?
Go grocery shopping and then make food.
That's the thing, there's already food here
But it has to be cooked
but the golen archs beacon you
Buy a pizza stone and make your own pizza. Make all the peeps jealous
Have this guy in the background.
well you dont eat the arches you eat the food inside
I worked in McDonalds throughout Highschool so I have an incredible distaste for it
Youd be better off with bagel bites
fast food is garbage but sometimes you want garbage. convenience is king
im getting sick of fast food too but thats only because im on the road a lot for work
its why I always have frozen taquitos
Not me eating frozen chicken nuggets every day of my life...
I have to go to costco like every two weeks. leftovers unfortunately dont last as long at my house
fire shell the light bulb kap
flame wheel hits everything I believe right
heneral guy hurts at 7 scale double damage
so what your saying every boss after this is gunna be a cake walk
yeah I hecked setting it says shuffled
so we have 3 vanilla so far? or do u have to go inside volcano to check
the bot wants u to get softlocked kewk
Are we ready to, uh, clear volcano? YEP
that shuffled option doesn't appear to be working
can bowsers castle entrance be shuffled
you watch ice palace in volcano, volcano in the snow
I know I'm late getting here. Is there anything not shuffled? Looks like all sanity
there it is  I was wrong
Can the location you homeward shroom to change?
oh come on why dont you wanna fight anti guy phanto274GG
So can that location change? Could it be Goomba village for instance?
I mean, you have Time Out...
anti guy is enjoying some sushi 
whats the worse that could happen phanto274Shrug phanto274Shrug
did that shit say L as in 100?!?!
can you tell ill never run romans in a seed xD
I mean in america the most practical uses of knowing roman numerals are reading the titles of star wars movies and the super bowl
also lots of exploding letters god dang
guess whos going up the mountain lol
That would be very funny LUL
Kooper actually useful for this fight PogChamp
imagine not being able to hit a flying enemy
I WAS RIGHT ABOUT THIS ONE
ya I gotta work it into my weekend
longtime friend is in town bc of course it's gdq submission week when I see him lmao
we're gonna see a play tomorrow and go to a smash tournament sat
Just came back. Were at that point in the seed?
Heres a cutscene we never thought of
He got the pulse stone bot. I remember be cause he rolled his eyes
@mariomantaw Read that as Ron Jeremy
no more Twink storm much sadge
Have you seen Damage Dodge at all?
think you have one and a trap so far
Damage dodge kinda really good in double pain
2 traps and a Jelly Ultra YEP
headin out for now, excited to watch the rest later. have a good one :)
You have 4 Fortress keys and refuse to use them...
ya dude fuck them keys xD
I missed 3hrs. ):  gl on the rest of the run!
Damn. That's crazy. 3hrs no sushie. That's crazy.
Pls someone delete the no emote, it does no good
Whats the point of randomization if that happens
I'm laughing because generally moles never have anything.
Random-my dog is snoring in my face.
Do you still need a Bowser Key?
Mega Jump, Electro Dash would have killed in 2 turns
@trevbonk He wanted to be fancy
Oh, ig that's too slow LUL
I heard you talking about no fish and I was like 
Slow down, its not a race.
I like how no is yes and yes is no with your emotes LUL
phanto274Cry phanto274Lurk phanto274Thonk phanto274D phanto274Facepalm phanto274Shrug phanto274GG phanto274GG
hell yes kooper getting some play
it's official the kooper meta is here
this doesn't look like normal phantom gameplay r u okay?
Fights like this emphasize that even Kooper is more useful than mister206Gombidious
So crystal can both get dizzy and have fire shell hit everything?
Is General guy the only boss immune to status moves?
did you make that lemon/lime candy? or find it?
ahh, sorry should have been more specific lol
Does yellow bubulb not have anything
Bean for go mode. Let's go.
sorry, I just got here, I'm really confused lol
oh, never noticed that the game gives you the spirit abilities
I was about to say "actually using jade raven" but then I looked at the tracker lol
Just put in a pull request for those coinsanity changes on the tracker. Untested but what could go wrong
Yeah, I split it up based on what you had and copied for Koot
The main thing I would want to double check is that the new checks appear/disappear correctly based on settings
The Go Mode Bean strikes again
I think I changed all the relevant code but it's been a while since I've touched it so I may have forgotten a step
imagine finally seeing the bean but it's a trap :(
Wanted to get that off my plate before starting any other projects so I wouldn't forget
Hey! What are the keys right to palace key?
You'd live the heart's attack if you have Defend Plus on
You'd even get Peril from it
7-scale is base 13, 4-scale is base 12
So you lived regardless unless you had D-down
Hey Phantom! How's the double pain going? Also hope you're good phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Bless
Early level ups let's goo phanto274Hype
the color swapping is pretty cool
Would have been funny if it was the Prison KEy
You chose to fight the anti guys? Just why? LUL
I can't help feeling like roman numerals are inefficient
These settings are from hell like mister206Gombidious
I regrettably admit, I had no idea that was a thing until I saw glundo
But these fights still exist in memory
so we can just pull up the Vod and see them again Kappa
those were some good fp costs...
Bye Kooper and hello darkness my old friend. Wat has come to brighten things up again
And I am guessing Twink is not skipped
yep so when you see a lower numeral infront of a higher one its subtraction
as a kid, I always thought those star spirits were spitting on mario lol
its confusing is what it is lol
Yep but you get the hang of it when you see it enough
but those smacks might make him heal Kappa
If only this was a 4:20:00
This stream was sponsored by PhantomGamesBot make sure to subscribe to its YouTube for the Book of Mario Kappa
the amount of gl the cowardly twitch caps me at
I would post more if I could
You like my Knuckles post yesterday?
This message is a minute delayed because Mobile. I'd be down.
I'm doing a gdq hotfix run of TP any% in 2 days
Oh both times I was in direct contact with the organizer so they were telling me in real time if I was doing it or not
It's weird that I'm doing TP any% and I'm new to the game, but I have completed over 100 runs and I have the best sob in the history of TP any% so I actually am surprisingly qualified to show off the game. Plus I have the wr holder doing commentary.
Feels weird showcasing a game that's not wwhd. Like I'm cheating on my wife
I've never done commentary for TP. Half the stuff I do I'm not really sure how it works.
I just press buttons and hope it works.
There's a lot of TP routing where it's a complicated reroute that saves all of 2 seconds
Alright I gotta go. Gl on the rest. We'll be in touch.
remind me to get genuinely educated on this run so I can do okay commentary
also lmk when I can leave and you'll expect to be ready
I need to pick up drinks at KT anyway
Hey Phantom! Good luck in the race today phanto274BLANKIES phanto274GL
No excuse. I had family in town yesterday and I still played Halo with my high school friends
The Ezells near me is closing
Oh yeah I mean BC. If you ever go visit them you gotta eat at Osteria Savio Volpe. Hands down the best meal I ever had in my life
did something open as a background process?
oh yeah it's not actually open
I have to reboot every time that happens cause windows borks memory management or something
it's not just bizhawk, sometimes at a certain point windows just sets everything to a background process
cause it just refuses to open them properly
everything new I open that is
I rapidly swapped this window between my two screens like 20 times with that shortcut lmfao
Or they did the live split update finally, and hat's what happened
so is the group trying to do different kinda races? or is this just an one off?
can't wait for the "everything is goombario" seed
YEAH BUT I WAS THINKING IT
I'm glad they're doing that then. I know with it still being technically in beta and this really growing, it's the best time to test a lot of stuff out
oh, I really like that bridge being open ngl
Is it just me or is the sound desynced?
OK. I'm on mobile so that's different for me
nah, it's good. And I did a lot of sound testing recently so I know this is def good LOL
mobile twitch is the goombario of twitch
Trying to build a dust vac cart in the garage
the weird thing was, I was testing my stuff and the sound was ahead, but oddly enough, everything was perfect on mobile
so that tends to make sense somehow LOL
I tested on my alt recently and everything was luckily good. it was a simple fix, but OBS is just caca sometimes
Do you actually have cookbook yet?
I'm just in time to see you grab an item and hit the switch at the same time.
Ultra Boots 30 mins in. This is true.
You already do 8 damage!? KomodoHype
speaking of adds I'm not getting any
Thanks twitch/.. Im going to Facebook gaming
there I have my armchair back
with my roll cosplay done I don't have to store the ponytail on it since it was in progress lol
I'm in Aus I got ads when not subscribed 
Always the same couple ads every time tho
I use web browser on phone to avoid ads if not subbed
Rip Cheeto always makes me think of Mole from the Atlantis Disney movie
He's got the head lamp and everything!
Hold on you might be onto something.
I didn't see where was laki?
Whoa why didnt the prison guards battle you?
Its not a good look Nintendo.
Makes sense you weren't technically causing a jail break
Yo, (almost) every check in ch3 in one pass?
I've been watching your vods on youtube for months now, finally caught a stream
Maybe its related to the N64 update to NSO
Since more people are getting into PM64 again
Are star piece panels and Koot randomized as well rn?
What if bombette is on bookshelf or in that box in library Kappa
wait I wasn't here. What about the N64 update?
I created 500 YouTube accounts Kappa
honestly, I may play keeping the Gommba King bridge open for a while
Just, it's so damn nice, and especially with where you start, it just makes sense
Yeah this is FGS and Prologue open, right?
like if they decide to open the prologue bridge and then keep ch.7 bridge closed, I'm okay with that tbh
it's less checks in general in the beginning
The uh.. blocks are hidden so you can't jump on them, is what that means, right
not only that, but especially with vanilla, there may be more seeds where we may not need to check 7 as much
it would definitely be less of a chance
What a tragedy of a seed with mister206Gombidious
it also means the weight would never be there either, so that's something we wouldn't have to worry about, especially with what's in the lake
Aw, wish I knew there was a weekly going on haha
I can barely remember what day it is
that's a great run on sentences bot
basically Oprah was like, "you get a goombario, you get a goombario, EVERYONE gets goombario!"
I joked about there being an all-goombario seed as the race started and goombario was default
did you hear about my latest accomplishment
Thanks Mea, you're also an interesting strat, but by interesting, I might you're a wrinkly mushroom
mx_four: Iceblue: you're a wrinkly mushroom
I'm sensing some hostility in chat today. 
MeaCulpa_DW: mx_four: Iceblue: you're a wrinkly mushroom
You don't have permissions to ban MeaCulpa_DW.
Welp, time to go to a place I can
you have no power here :laughingTheoden:
i'd be banned from ice's if he heard what I said last night
well you know what they say
Mirby, are you a Goombario apologist?
60% of the time, it works every time
Why do you hammer at exits?
no I said ice was murkrow's BIGGEST fan
20 hp strat start a fight in chat
it's his favorite mon to PUNCH IN THE FACE
ooooo one of my fav items
I am so glad to see a legendary key
The fanfare just makes everything better LUL
Not me who just ate an entire pot of velveeta mac
fortress will have a game crash
as Trevbonk would say, "it's the power of Dark Goombario" or something like that
my question is, how do you know when a sphere ends and starts?
what determines like the actual sphere something is in though?
yeah, I kinda figured that LMAO
I know for me, I would get confused like, oh I got this item, so uhhhh, guess this sphere ends?
it's not something I would really use, just an interesting like, uhh, data point(?), that I would like to understand more
@ohheyitjaye sphere 0 is everything you can reach with your starting items. The sphere after that is what you can access after picking up all sphere 0 items.
your starting items are counted separted from sphere 0 on the spolier log but honestly that doesnt matter
oh yeah, I shoulda mentioned. I understand sphere 0, but that's the extent of my knowledge
Spheres don't really match how items are actually collected but can influence what areas are more likely to be valuable mid-game
using it for that is actually helpful
What I wonder is why its useful to think about spheres during a race
Or how it can help rather
it was like that one time I had a seed, no stars were open but like I needed one of every item and a partner, and sure enough, 6 stars opened in ch.4 alone, and rip cheato had the final item from what I needed in ch.4
it was dumb. I didn't finish
*from what I didn't get in ch.4
The dark power manipulates the seed even more mister206Gombidious
Shut up Parakarry, stop trying to do your job
Parakarry has an unhealthy fetish with delivering mail Kappa
The first seed I did on stream had all high bp rolls, high fp on partners, and plenty of back and forth item checks
didnt know jade raven opens 6 Kappa
pulse stone heard you didn't want to see it
They say that the pulse stone is the dark beating heart of mister206Gombidious
Sometimes a little breather is nice though
now the question is, does jade raven lead to frying pan? lol
Well, jade raven doesn't unlock frying pan, but they were togheter
you could say the ruins... pan'd out KEKW
what'd twitch do? i'll beat em up
I wonder how you delete your own comments
i'm sorry, I got an ad. what happened?
how did you do the bar skip there?
Or should I saw panning out?
frying pan is gunna give soil. I'm calling it
at least you can beat chp 3 now I guess
well, that's uhh, gooey soil LOL
at night do you sleep with a snowman doll?
if I look really close in the background of your webcam, i'm pretty sure I see digimon/pokemon plushes
How do you know if anti guy is in logic or not?
does antiguy even say anything about a lemon candy?
basically, if you can obtain/obtained frying pan, cake, lemon and cookbook, he's in logic
Twitch has been shitting the bed a lot lately
wouldn't let me raid people for like 2 days in a row
@iAmKrisXx May he doesn't like it, that's how you beat it
iirc, I feel like it's like a SMRPG/Old School JRPG kinda tactic
You and I play RPGs very differently then
book of mario will change that lol
is it the full gear shuffle race seed curse?
I think youll finish pretty quick though at least
Barrel Volcano is pretty cool though
We should do a race where its standard but with mixed dungeons
Is there any alternate settings than standard race youd like for a race?
I want to say they did something similar for Koopa Bros?
Sorry, you said its not about settings, its about what?
Im guessing they disallow piranha plant skip
why isn't pulse stone allowed but different laki skips?
What was that last one? Flarakarry or something
Probably allowed to skip the vulture right
puzzle skip is oob too LUL
I don't think there are any logic-breaking allowed OOB
Id like to see an occasional anything goes race
Im so glad Peek-a-boo on is the accepted default.
I absolutely do it for me lol
I do it for me too
Holt crap, Im so glad that growing plant scene is skippable. The pain scene.
Why do I never see Huff use that nice *ever*
I feel neither casual nor truly competitive at this pt.
Are you doing another seed after this?
On the bright side everyone else has to deal with it too
The bot is trying to give you money. Lmao.
The bot is so chaotic lmao
we love a blue key yoshiGasm
Yes, this is the dream. I came just in time.
Not doing yoshis paid off. W00t
Yeah I just got back from work for the lovely Blue Key Check
yo we trained the bot to give phantom bits
This time looks promising. Dont know anything that is going on?
Cheer100 Other tacoguy is best Crystal King again. GL not watching.
He will simply just not heal, I believe
Kick him right in the ice
Gonna get all sorts of pepper breaths in the chat heading your way
What is an Augomon and would the riots be similar to the riots in Belgium over the soccer world cup?
I'm currently 3450 bits from it.
Komari doesnt have it but is a fan LUL
Thats a lot of bits LUL
Bowser is just Jr. Trapped in a bowsers body and shell. Hes easy to crack Kappa
The emote in question is phanto274Facepalm
Because there's a question mark next to it with no space
Why isnt phanto274Goombario showing up? Kappa
Don't know why, but that is my fav emote.
But I like your attitude. "what's going wrong NOW?"
I saw someone gifting so I wanted to join
You saw right through it LUL
I don't really use Twitch very often, I assume bit emotes are just gotten just after gifting that amount of bits
I am free of Adge for a month phanto274Hype
Are you going to just make it a regular emote?
Ekans was my first Let's Go shiny. I love himb
Do you know if anyone has finished the race yet?
I wish I had that amount of confidence
I can't remember, do you have life shrooms?
You know I would say to just call me Krys, but I feel like that could get confusing
nuuuuuuuuuuuuu  im sorrry phantom I missed it
We also need to give special thanks to Goombario for making this seed possible Kappa
papaerario's was ahead for a bit, but stumbled on ultra boots check letting you catch up
So close to sub 3 gg
that explains it, goombario's mere presence made you feel like you could've done better. such as by not having goombario
Lord Goombario and Mighty Blue Key phanto274Hype
Goombario is a negative and evil presence LUL
"if only I didn't have goombario I wouldn't be lagging"
What is jamming every one else
Because I have no idea. Lol.
I feel like he would be really good at Hollow Knight rando
I couldnt find 4th fortress key for a long time, only thing I could skip was yoshis
Just pray he doesn't miss a scan on the ship
yeah love a good blue key seed
damn I missed stream tonight didnt
Woo, I made it to stream just in time
chat also made me use happy flower for memes so I probably lost 45- a minute from that
@paperarioms not chat, mister206Gombidious forced you to do it
on yeah thanks for the gombario start btw
I expect a run to finish LUL
Is this like an any% run?
ive only played a little bit of this on my OG 3ds
Oh nevermind. I see it now.
Yeah I've not played much of this either. It seems fun though
I never seen a glitchless run of this before
Minish cap rando is a monster to do if you have no clue
how long is the run glitchless?
ngl, Minish Cap rando sounds like pain
Let me guess you were flippers or cape locked from droplets in the seed right?
MC rando is less pain that OoTR lol
MCR is just trolly and memey LUL
havent seen / played this game in a while, great to see it again madcap4Luv
@Trevbonk hear me out trev - did you hear about the combo rando of OoT and MM? PrideLaugh
yea I renember pope did one, played a few myself
@jonxhas I have seen it and its a dream come true LUL
the Picori Blade hella looks like the Master Sword
I think my best time on a ootr was just under two hours
its great, but also obviously given 2 games which have a TON goin on, its whacky if you have no clue about just one of them :D
if I had 8 free hours more often i'd play it more for sure
ive done one mmr and it took 12hrs lol
but I assume thats like the nature of things when you got 2 randos mesh into one another
there's this new setting that mixes dungeons with other dungeons and bosses too lol
Picori Blade is just Legally Distinct Master Sword
I use to be part of a async race group for ootr so I got pretty good at it
This was one of my favorite childhood games and I've never seen a speedrun of it before
my fastest mmr was 3:30 and it was a god seed lol
Needs to get Hat back from theiving monke
@janitorbeav I didnt know monke now locks hats the same way it locks dungeons in ALTTPR or songs in MMR PrideLaugh
Why is the hat getting bullied?
not to mention what sorts of other stuff get locked by monkeys in Zelda games
dang that birds just sitting on your head like that huh?
so I found my old commands on streamlabs and yea ootr pb is 2:45:02
I like how half the sound effects sound like they're just using the sound processor from GBC
I love that the little icon rolls when he rolls
Like Capcom just took their library from Oracle games
as far as glitchless goes yea not bad
I will say, the OOT3D Rando is soooo good
and the glitches in it are so fun
Alright gotta go. I'll probably be able to catch the end of the run. GLHF
I remember playing this game and loving it one of my favorites
I'm mostly used to Pape speedruns and how some categories just completely break the game lol
ezlo tries to be funny at times though at least :D
Yeah I feel like casually liking a character is super different from how much you like them when you speedrun games
I feel like if you speedrun every game, you'll end up just liking whichever one is the quietest lol
I love how fast sword spamming is in 2D Zelda games lmao
I mashed the fuck outta B every time I had to fight anything
Jesse was watching me play and everytime I started swinging he told me to calm down
yeah it's one of the upgrades from one of the sword teachers
I kinda forgot about the peril beams PrideLaugh
never went for those cus "full health feels better" HahaSweat
I know nothing about this game, I played it for like 30 minutes on 3ds
it was like that for a lot of the handhelds
thats cause capcom made it lol
Oooh, that is nice. I dislike games that you get an item or ability and it just never gets used after its own area
links awakening, seasons and ages espeically
I love the art and asthetics of minish, I love going all small lol
I forgot the Dominion Rod even existed outside of Hyrule Warriors tbh
the only timew you kind use all yuour items in TP  is hyrule castle
there's a cross item rando for ages/seasons now 
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo is so close to being in 60 chats
@RvPA does that mean ages items can be in seasons?
I still adore the way this game made "big v small" matter this much for the most common of enemies in a zelda game in theory :D
@blacktiger51 yep! like you can use items from the other game. not sure if it's a ages/seasons/both that you play in though
There's an OoT/MM rando thing, right?
I just looked at my 7tv emotes and saw the mickey smile emote
I don't like it but I'm gonna leave it
The "save ch7 for the very last moment" was... underwhelming to me
so one thing I've learned is that if I don't have Watt when beating ch5, then yoshi kids arent in logic
I've honestly not been bitten in the ass by that yet
I love pape rando, but idunno if I could race it. I fight things too often and like to try to do every check lol
@krystasaff I am more of a friendly race or just enjoyer of rando rly *nods*
I get very in my own head about races and i'm trying to get better about that lol
thats what I loved about ootr racing
Okay im finally back! How did the race go? Also yay Zelda!! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Mash
I would probably do like, HK rando races, but I'm just better at that game in general lol
that being said, I do like learning the fun shenanigans which is allowed for race rules PrideLaugh
I learned so many pape skips/tricks from watching your vods on youtube lmao
All I got from watching his vods were anger because he kept leaving WeLoveGoombario
Watching you do stuff definitely makes me want to learn more, but eh.. emulation sucks and everdrive expensive
we love the return of the sky cabbages even if they now look like proper boulders madcap4Bongo
unrestricted rules race sounds like a fun watch
I definitely struggle with the glitches but am actively trying to get better
do you still have the green stuff/
that sucks thats like dying to Dark link in water temple  such a journey back to that room
I'm sure you can make it up somewhere phanto274BLANKIES
swiping your sword waiting for the bomb to explode has the same energy as hammer spam waiting for the Super Boots boos to spawn from the chest
chomps also were in LTTP p4ntzThink
chomp returned in hyrule warriors lol
I remember that, it's the 3rd gauntlet weapon, right?
only in like 1 spot very late into it yee :D
Oh man, I should re play Hyrule Warriors
and they are a paaain if you dont have high health / armor or if you are crazy enough to shuffle damage values around
What is your favorite zelda game?  (Not sure if I've asked before)
I wish TP's run looked fun to me
It's really brutal but the start is also so slow
TP is what got me into zelda
fav 2d/top-down Zelda: between Minish Cap or ALttP
Are you going to play the new one?
beat the Divine Beasts, then lost interest
ya an open world is really fun to explore once but it is less enjoyable the 2nd time around
Yeah it'll probably be a fun first casual playthrough
im not that invested so ill play it when gamefly sells it
how'd y'all feel about weapons breaking? I hated that shit
I love zelda but ever time I look at botw I just cant play it
loved this game, seemed really short though
I want another Mario and Luigi game, but rip Alphadream
I'm surprised the gltitchless run is so fast, always felt longer playing through it casually
the sword noises make me laugh
Ah that makes sense, I've never seen a speedrun of this but make sense a Zelda game does save warps
Ive never seen this game before, let alone a speedrun
purple link always gettin the short end of the stick, bein the last and most overlooked
so this has even more buttons then N64 zeldas, glorious
N64 zeldas have a, b, c up I think depending on which text where - still no clue how c up of all things goes progressing text
thats a funky story flag double hit :D
never knew about the sign, always went dippin links feet in mud PepeHands
Why would you keep your key in a pot
wanna say though, this zelda to me feels like one of the most active in story telling during just normal gameplay - its not as much "this is the bad guy, go defeat him please" but "look this is bad guy he does stuff every five seconds"
In this universe, that's just *asking* to have some kid clad in green come in and steal your keys
You say that like it stops him
in LTTP you had to use a hammer for that if you didnt want to throw them around :D
He just wanted to say hi :<
you see that hell that was varia in sector 5?
ah, yeah that wasn't too bad. that one just went up on yt today
@WEEGEE666 damn I would of watch if I knew u was doing a rando last night
The WW Darknuts look REALLY good in 2D
so you know how varia suit protects against harsh temperatures in metroid, right?
sector 5 is sub-zero temperatures, so without varia I take damage and periodically get moved with the damage
and varia was in sec 5
I haven't played fusion in so long, which area is Sector 5?
sector 5 is the ice cold one
I think I ended the seed with an hour 26 or something
and weirdly, in Dread, the Gravity suit is the one that lets you go to the icy areas, smh
the pain seed goes up on yt tomorrow
I didn't even know there was a Fusion randomizer
I might have to check that out, I've only done MP1 and Super
it's a pretty good one, @krystasaff
the fact you can just roll through these or use iframes is hilarious
@WEEGEE666 is there a decent tracker for it?
there's no map tracker for it, as far as I know
i'm just glad I know it really well
now that said, it does come with map images
Yeah I think I would have to do a couple of 100% vanilla runs before messing with it lol
I'm not sure I ever completed Fusion 100% in the first place tbh
I 100%'d Dread the day it came out lol
come to think save warps (and I know the answer will be shown) - does this game also always set you to have 3 hearts on a save load like some of the other zelda games do?
i've 100% every single one of them at least once
Metroid is probably my single favorite game series tbh
your good! PrideLove will see it once it happens then
it's definitely up there for me too @krystasaff
have you played Dread? I 100% that one
Dread was such a fun experience
I feel they really perfected the melee parry in that game over the Samus Returns one
I loved the whole feel of that game especially boss fights
Yeah, everything was really well designed. It was worth the 20 year wait :^)
How do you tell which pillar it is?
Ah right, I probably just dug everything out lol
well your helth was full too so :D
but yea might be that this game just saved the last set of health you had
unless game over since that goes and fills back to 3
He become smol and nobody even bats an eye
I mean they see you being as smol as a fly or mouse PrideLaugh
Those little blue things are how I see my last few brain cells trying to form a single thought
"return to the mushroom" p4ntzThink ?
"the mushroom strikes back" ? PrideLaugh
the art in this game is good for gba
a good chunk of gba games look amazing still
its just a precise counter, what can ya say
Clipping? That doesnt sound like a glitch
its the definition of leanin over the counter rly :D
link's just like "here lemme shorten both of our paths!"
ngl, I loved this dungeon purely for how the setup in this one is just waaay different to "normal dungeon get big key late" :D
also sadge, save warping doesnt auto to 3 hearts filled
though the main one I assume is "get the thing which gives link fiya"
I died in the phazon mines and lost like 30 minutes of progress
Oh jeez, I feel for you Axl
definitely sounds cool to do p4ntzThink
how are those not the second and third levers
I love this game but man the bosses were like
hey at least this isnt a spike chu PrideLaugh
hold lantern near block of ice, ice instantly fucks off. science.
its like the opposite of a lot of Zeldas the world is beautiful and theres a lot to do in it but the bosses were not very creative unless im forgetting something cool later
Jesse can confirm how much I fucking hated that fight
I feel like this game would benefit from having oil management for the lantern
is this on the gamecube gba thing
look he's so hungry, he ate an entire water element! PrideLaugh
According to some people Switch is the best emulator to date for GBA
gamecube gba thingy and og cart so cool
n64 emulation on wiiu/switch vs gba emu on those systems is night and day
if I remember right this is where the puzzles get more creative/annoying
Theres gonna be a murder LUL
cant renember shit about where what goes though :D
just renember "go in a circle, it'll work somehow" PrideLaugh
ive never played this game, but this area seems awful for a casual run
@krystasaff finally found SM64's camera man yea :D
when did Laji learn a Haruken?
dear god, I think these day's i'd find it hard to continue a game with a zone like this
free timesave for next run NODDERS
Now you can grind even more for the cards for that heart piece
I taught my students my favorite tongue twister and they think im a wizard or something for it
@krystasaff I renember goin hundo on this with full statue colelction - it was a vibe PrideLaugh
Imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie
I watched a video on that grind recently @Jonxhas  It looks so bad
it truly isnt tooo bad once you know how to play the system
the kinstones take longer if you just get unlucky PrideLaugh
I imagine it makes any sort of 100% speedrun of this game actual hell
also for true hundo you'd need to do kinstones very early for them light arrows
What did they call them, flying cabbages?
@krystasaff flyin cabbages or p hats depending yea
in N64 / WW I think p hat bc pineapple fits more? here flyin cabbage fits more, dunno :D
the ocarina of time ones are terrifying
@venturific at least in OoT you can completely ignore them :D
MM has 1 which you need to fight for hundo, and MMRando has a fancy thing called actorizer which basically is enemizer but with even more wild options
Wait these die immediately to fire phanto274Smile
one of the most actor dense areas on a seed I played became filled with those 
like 15+ just crammed into one another
and I had to get past them monkaSTEER
I didnt play this one in a good like 7 years or so HahaSweat
so yea dungeon go brr :D
sounds like how MM's dungeons become your plaything in rando too if you find the right things
mm dungeons with their item before you go in are hilarious
@AudioBlood truly are - cant wait for when the combo rando at some point has that option too PrideLaugh
I can't wait for the combo rando to be fully stable and released
I mean it is "stable" mostly
poor oot runners are gonna get rocked by mm
or do you mean with cycle resets?
oot rando is so much easier than mm
yeah, I mean fully ready to release with all options
cus cycle resets for dungeon states / recollecting chests is about the only thing which combo rando doesnt let you do
I know both games well enough to do full sanity runs and its gonna be glorious
I still would personally wish for the dungeon / chest state resets to work, but PrideShrug given that meshin 2 games with their own sets of whack coding into one is wild as is :D
and the fact it despite that works on certain ED versions is glorious
I thought you collected the skeleton
@krystasaff it to me is glorious how glitchless rules state that link isnt allowed to clip, but nothing is said about the game doin whatever that skelebum did PrideLaugh
though at the same time I assume getting a run stopped by random enemy shenanigans would be whack :D
was it the mini boss you skipped earlier?
one of them I think yea
umm is like that but with a "se" at first lmao
I thought for a second "waaait, MM fish boss?" PrideLaugh
PepeHands and LoZ links awakening cant happen no more, windfish is ded papeHands
you're at the end of a speedrun it seems
you want him to talk MORE!?
Seems like probably PB though :>
The bot is speaking in tongues
you dont need that strat at all lol
it saves like, what? 5 seconds, maybe 10
exactly, or rolls or text boxes etc
"did ya want some more" :D
though their shields in 2d are very strong 
gz on all the green stone things
"You see, I'm something of a collector"
those enemies will forever be Iron Knuckle to me
the hugs just werent ending 
I have clearly not seen the shenanigans of this game much PrideLaugh
I gots a question btw for fairies phantom p4ntzThink
im just realizing. is vaati a 12 minute fight?
been watching a lot of the paper mario rando stuff on youtube so I wanted to throw that your way
the room with the pots right before the sword pedestal hallways wouldnt be closer?
Hey me too Meatball, this is my first actual stream
yea thats fair :D just thinkin cus this one you'd have to go back and forth, the other keeps ya in the castle :D
in a room thats really easy to go to
yeah just take left stairs, then go right into the big chest and drop down
is really fast (comparing with these ones=
given how much still comes from just movement and fight tech overall, while it adds, some it cant be the worst yea :D
Got that for luck sea shell
Someone tell Vaati he's basically become just a gaming trivia fact
watch him back in tears of the kingdom though????
that was a nasty combo hooly
good thing phase 2 is a joke
I peeped the bracket and jesse is in wf after beating a shulk and is playing another shulk in wf lol
The one bracket that says "let's let mvd win"
That looks like a fun run
I had a good time :>
Consider it bits that I would've sent over all of the VoDs I've watched lmao
Had to finish two garbage quizzes. How did this go?
it has been a hell of a day
yeah don't be capcom and forget axl
Phantom and @Axl_SR    im gonna be trying a paper mario rando lel
We start off with a bang today
Could just be me, but the game audio feels loud compared to the mic audio
axl gets like nothing in DiVE lol
That potato salad took three days to make
oh thank god, no starter goombario this time
Was watching someone suffer through Brave Fencer Musashi, but I'll turn up for Pape
Is open Goomba Village worth it? This seed, no.
Reverse psychology works every time duh
remember the prologue? it's back! in emote form!
It just needed a small push
I heard Ruins Key, Crystal Berry and Weight
My Doc ain't scared of no fruit
has there been a Co-op race yet? ie, one team versus another?
why do you say bom-bet instead of bomb-ette?
buffoon, tell Gil you want a co-op leage KEKW
means each syllable starts with b so it flows easier
the goal is under 24 hours :P
maybe if it was rpg limit break
every time parakarry is found in a bush or a tree I like to think he was trying to grab a letter and got stuck
How does coop work? Do they play the seed at the same time and help each other find everything?
Now you can help each other avoid Goombario lol
My favorite part is when blooper said it's bloopin time and then blooped all over the place.
sounds like chapter 2 is stacked
digging this no backseating stream LUL
chill rando to eat lunch and clean room to phanto274Jam
idk, the key feels more weird than odd to me
I've always thought it was odd (pun intended) that it's called the odd key. it seems perfectly normal??
it's identical to at least two other keys
Trust me, if you actually held it, you'd know why
I'm hoping goombario's on like. raphael raven or something else you can't not get
Water stone was in the shop in chap 1
so are yall submitting this seed specifically, or just the idea to do co-op and the seed is random at the event
that wouldve been so much EXP
machine encounter's not gonna know what hit it with all these items
I was expecting words not an actual string XD
gl to both of you :)
I enjoyed yesterdays seed until I forgot 1 last check on blue key side which was the red key :)
I was not expecting to find all 3 items in blue key palace
Made it! How's the co op run going?
I did enjoy those settings too
Yeah that one needs to stay
Ding dong the witch (GK) is dead
so co-op, is it just you and 4 sharing info while running the same seed? it doesnt share item progress, right?
I just realized the portraits look almost like picross puzzles lol
love clipping into blue house even though you have odd key
Have we seen the Dark Lord?
y'all need a VOD check, I need a VODka
I know where u got ur tubba key from
I hear that Chapter 0 is a thing
this man just nuked crystal king and he says "a little bit"
you did 50, one fewer is 44, 2 fewer was only does 38 (which killed with watt I guess)
a small amount of overkill, as a treat
when I finish ch2 I literally chant "check the fucking tree" to mysel until I start going there
Filthy casual bowser strats, let's go!
ahhhhh shy guys screaming  in lower case
how were the settings on the weekly race yesterday? was surprised they were different
Watts alter ego, a fart cloud
always a sign of a good seed when you're thinking "hopefully there'll be something in star haven"
Time to do taxes. Taxes + Paper Mario Random in the background.
It's the only way to do taxes.
I did mine at like 3am late at night back at the start of february lol
I did my taxes last week
get them out of the way
I should be getting a refund so I had even less reason to wait.
my wife has been handling taxes. did you know that if you're a US citizen you have to pay US taxes even if you no longer live there?
god youre terrible at this room
@itsCaravel yes, its one o the main reasons we didnt leave the country
yeah I got a refund and it was decently sized so I splurged on a steamdeck
yeah we moved to Canada and now our taxes are a nightmare
my wife and I owe a bunch o money because tax cuts expired, and our part time jobs fucked us
you have to do taxes for both anyway
if youre a us citizen, you have to do us taxes every year
bc the American government sucks ass
it was hell doign taxes when moving states I shudder to think of international taxes
Hammer it to assert dominance over the key
I paid federal over 8k last year and saw 600 back...yay taxes...
@iAmKrisXx I mean, this *is* how taxes are suposed to work. you don't get a refund for funsies, you get one for overpaying
is it bad that one reason I don't want to actually marry maddy is because taxes would get more annoying lmao
but yeah if you're an American citizen the only way to stop having to pay US taxes is to give up your citizenship
so congrats on paying ~the correct amount?
we're good just being engaged perpetually anyways
we're basically married we don't need the government to say okay
you get a tax break when you get married
and its not more complicated at all
you just file your W-2s together
so unless you have a super comlpicated tax situation, you're just being silly
yeah then I ca'nt just knock them out on my own tho lol
it's also the fact that I could very well end up actually disabled with my health problems and that is also complicated since the government hates disabled people
you are in fact not allowed to have money if youre disabled for... some reason
@audioblood I'm just saying that it seems like a lot to go to federal based on how much I make.
when I got with maddy they were disabled but they got out of that. so it was due to complicating things iwth them originally but now it's because of me lol
@iAmKrisXx it should be about 22% of your income, less your ~13k tax exemption
you ever think about how the boos were not being digested or anything, they were just stuck chilling in his gut
give or take a couple % pending your income
Honestly, does anything get digested in this game?
water block boosts defense by 1
Like the whale and tubba have live organisms inside them..
TTYD has a shower that you can change peach's hairstyle in
yeah its not what you want
@Mirby_Studios I did this in my gless run for a marathon
just to show peole you coupld
Is there another seed after this>
and then it goes away when you leave the room
I thought there was a pin somewhere of how last stand calculations but I cant find it
Whats your least favorite chapter? Mine is ch7
in 64? chapter 6, not close
yeah, it's always 6 in pape
ttyd its 2 because punies can suck ittttt
even knowing the punie manips it still sucks
The amount of times I had to restart the punies fight in ttyd 
tip for punies fight: flurrie can stun the jabbies with her blow partner move on the overworld
also, on the 100 jabbie fight, do a lil circly before you start the fight, it helps your punies line up better for no reason
why didnt you spook huff? if it works, thats a real easy fight
you know 5 was 2, you took that time before phantom
not killing is the worst case scenario by a lot
he should if you don't hit him yeah
Just let close call bail you out against bowser Kappa
Being weak just goes to show your true skill against a true final boss Kappa
"he will die to sma.... ah fuck"
yeah, kill huff with smack just bops you
Phantom is lying to chat. He is just too scared to show chat Kappa
Would the devs lie like that?
Only a minor time loss not trusting @MarioManTAW
Nope but phantom would bail out on content for chat Kappa
I have to go to trivia. good luck with this very silly seed
A sub 2:45 means you got the god seed LUL
a sub 2:45 solo seed is the god seed, i'll give you that
sub 50 in fusion would be a god seed
are we on power jump + electro dash strats? or is power jum like 20 fp
yeah, but I still wanted to try and find wide beam, and I died to omega metroid
I wish that was in jcogs tutorial
"just select hammer and slap him until he dies"
did y'all ever find where goombario was
mister206Gombidious is inside us all as our inner darkness
Water block final bowser? Wow LUL
nice submission guys. I'm sure GDQ will take this KEKW
how are you hurting him when he flies? I didnt see spike shield
this chapter 8 is a nightmare
I like how they're such chumps that jr just oneshots them all
gonna get 2 close calls and no peril cuz of the missed command?
he thought this was brawl obviously
"I'm going to... squirt on him a few times"
woke up from my nap to the sound of ULTRA BOOTS echoing across my bedroom
boots in validation block is so rude
boots in validation block is actually great, huge fan
could've had goombario in validation block
ooh, I like that Kammy Kolour
how did you screw up that badly
keepin close call on for final monkaW
Yeah, I'm not sure yo win without it
189 hp is a lot of hp
why do you have THIS MANY shooting stars on deck???
Close Call b r o k e n
because this is how we beat the fight @buff00n
yeesh there won't be any stars LEFT after this battle
just throwing the entire night sky at bowser
he's gonna shield before he heals
"3 close calls in a row" CHAT, I TAUGHT HIM THAT ONE
did you just win off that tho
that's a new PB, that's the hilarious thing
well it's still better than the listed PB
Look, I gotta start working on those funny emotes
that was indeed a funny seed
like what even was that bowser
I wonder where power bounce was
This should be put on your YT
so would the submission be a co-op rando run to keep the time down?
preemptive juzGGB for mx_four as i'm about to BRB
janky GG for a janky boss fight
will mx_four best Bowser before the next automatic ad on phantom's stream
life and runners: they find a way
I mean of course the run wasn't killed
man, you guys survive brutal bowser fights, and I survive getting varia suit in the arctic sector
this is what plays while i'm looking at pokemon maps
Boris Island has some great music
Make sure to have that secret Goombario plushie in the background to show chat in the recording Kappa
if I had a goombario plushie I would throw my bullet bill plushie at it
yeah, when I do fusion rando, I start recording just before I do the seed, and stop after I see the end splash screen
I'd actually buy a Goombario plush
cause it's got ingame time and item percentage
Are these the same settings as the race seed from yesterday?
real talk I got a bullet bill plushie for christmas in 2021. I had it on my amazon wishlist. maddy's brother is the one who got it for me. I told him I only wanted it so I could throw a bullet bill plushie at maddy. he approved
This way, you don't end up with ch.8 ultra boots :^)
Er, the way the seed yesterday was
What a nightmare of a chapter 0 being required to talk to Goombario
I don't think that's a coconut tree
2 letters and 2 ruins keys in 2 minutes. hmm
I want a Green or Red Shell plush, but I just KNOW that I'd fling them at people
And probably 2 BP spike shield
if I know randos, this seed is going to be pain
if a seed is nice to you at the start, it's bait
I had a seed like this a few days ago LUL
This seed needs to rated M for mature Kappa
I am cackling at that beav
IS THAT REAL-IMITATION WHACKA BUMPS FOR SALE
didn't yuji naka get arrested for something like this?
meanwhile Rowlf is selling barf on a plate
wowie, I heard you liked ruin keys
You never know. Always hope for a blue key seed.
@weegee666 Naka was going for an S rank, had to redo the stage a few time
Yesterdays race seed was a dream come true because it was a Goombario start Blue key seed
I started watching right as he got the blue key. It was everything I was hoping it would be.
You just bought mister206Gombidious a pulsing heart of stone
these shopkeepers don't understand how to run shops
pulse stone, bombette triple ruins key, what an unclear start. could have to go anywhere
This is why they call it beachcombing Kappa
more key items than non LUL
And now nothing else is in 5 LUl
that's where all the items from abandoned seeds wash up
not like you can't get more of them...
I heard you Say yo sushie with the squirt! No need to go that hard Kappa
@Trevbonk I'm starting to think they are doing it on purpose.
if you look up the definition of "stacked" in the dictionary, you'll find this seed's Chapter 5.
hopefully that lid is sealed tight
Yoshi kids = goombario? Right @trevbonk ? Kappa
thats the second time I've seen that jerk hit
After a loaded beach 5 has nothing left imo
Hammer throw would be great Kappa
so thats 3 keys, pulse stone, and pyramid stone in sphere 0. wild
Lunar stone gonna be super late or something cursed lol
ice just saw the clip of your small amount of overkill lmao
only downside to taking pipe here is I hate reverse desert
PARRY STOP GETTING STUCK IN TREES
It have seen parakarry be in the tree so many times recently
Desert is another thing I need to work on. My routing there is atrocious
How does a fish survive in a desert
from rugged its easy, down to c, across to oasis, up to town, then up to runaway pay, pokey room, ruins, left-side checks
how does mario, a being made of paper, survive bowser breathing fire on him
Yeah.. I just get bamboozled with what checks I have to do. I do coinsanity a lot, so when I do it without, I get confused
How do we see a phantom ghost streaming on twitch? Or am I the only one who can see ghosts
Eventually I'll get around to streaming. I just play way too many different games lol
A mystery! It could be lunar stone or goombario or just a shroom
I swear I was joking when I said Lunar Stone late
is it still vanilla if you didn't hit it 100 times
if lunar stone is on mt ruged, it's a sphere 1 ruins clear right?
yeah it's hard to keep track
it would be 2, since he had to have super hammer to get Parakarry, right?
that's the only one im not sure on, the rest was sphere 0
Sorry. I was trying to not be obnoxious and ask Again
Yeah but the question would also be, were any of the other ch.2 clear things behind parakarry? I don't think you actually need parakarry to get through the ruins, do you?
I'm guessing race settings from yesterday but with glitches?
diamond stone was in ruins itself, that's the only non sphere-0 ruins item I remember
Santa giving you the ghost of Christmas it seems LUL
Oh I missed lunar stone, where was it
I love that there's no more cutscene there
Howd the co op go? You do that?
Ill have to go and watch it to see what was so funny lol
Should watch m4's side of it lol
How do I watch his side of it?
oh yeah it was a demonstration on things being useless :P
So you were saying its a good dem of?
It was scuffed to put it nicely
They had to pull some crazy shit to best bowser without power Bouce
if you rearrange the letters is "ads" you get "sad", which is what this ad makes me feel
wanting mario to jump? like he's some sort of jump man? that's on you
If it helps you, I don't see an issue with it
also your 90s of ads is always 30s so
Plus it makes people happy when-
I kid you not, literally make $1 a WEEK in ads
As much as I want to give bits for emotes, I feel like gift subs are more fun and help Phantom while also making someone happy
Can confirm I am adge feee as of yesterday
I also dont stream nearly as long as you do
Do you get less from ads with more subs? Given less peeps watch/get ads
Hello! How did the GDQ submission run finish?
@shebbyxoxo start with Jr. Onwards LUL
I like how you're maker mario in this seed :P
yeah the yellow with the red overalls looks great
heck it go for chapter 8 :P
oh go beat frosty tits xD
"it is more dead than buff00ns punctuality" lmfao
if only buff00n was still here
So if buff00n's punctuality is dead, how late are they, exactly?
Goombario could be a one time use life shroom
PhantomGamesBot, what have I done to deserve this
a one time use lifeshroom, but there's a 99.9% chance you just die instead
Do you have to eat his hat as well?
Still more useful for the 0.1% chance
I do recall a seed where you needed to use him. Jumpless start blooper check or something
I think you had Kooper, Bombette and him, he was the only one that could hit it lol
Star Spirits as an item one day, mixed into the item pool. Lava Piranha required seeds
Yeah I think it would be interesting
feel like i'd be too low level to ever beat bowser cuz I wouldn't do bosses
hey, probably like 2 cuz of dark koopas
What's considered the "end" or the goal for that rando btw? I don't know if I ever stayed til the end of one
Pray for 1bp Power bounce, last stand and s. jump charge
@krystasaff you don't want s jump charge for bowser
wave removes all charges, even if you block it
mega or power rush then I suppose
That cutscene skip also trips me out
Don't you do that every run? phanto274Thonk
Literally every run you plan on using Mega Rush
If you have the same Close Call luck as last time-
Forget Close Call, go but a lotto ticket
do the fright jars have the same effectiveness as a maxed spook?
oooh I actually dident know the max spook was garenteed
ive noticed that its sometimes harder to mash tho, is that based off what enemies are present?
so good luck spooking albino dinos
yeah I get ya, makes sense to me
if you'd like to see some fun spook mashes, watch some high level gless speedruns
I really hope someday we can have the FX badges play random sounds nininOmegaLUL
need afx c to be vanilla always
Yeah I would love if putting on meant you can hear KC fight music during Koopa Bros fight
the dark koopas still give me a hard time, just like when I was a kid
I think I might of blocked the dizzy attack like twice out of pure luck
wow that was alot of good stuff koragiPain
wait how do you trigger this fight? ive never ran into it in rando nininOmegaLUL
I must have just always had access to the pipe in my seeds
without full gear shuffle, it's really unlikely to ever run into it
I always go gear shuffle, but I was thinkin about trying standard race setting next
just to see what everyone's been up to with the races
is there possibility of pb still
hey man im still learning timing lol xD
Next time I get a sunday off, I might try to join a race
But I will do my best lol
I need to get an emulator set up on my desktop at home. I usually just play pape at work on my lappy
just wait until I upgrade my laptop to cut out some lag, the minute or two I lose is clearly the only thing holding me back Kappa
My poor laptop only gets used while I'm at work these days
yeah that was a fun race to watch
I think I have relatively good movement. I've watched like every one of your vods on YT lol
I'm bad at action command timing so I have to do extra fights to level up more usually
it's crazy how much the movement (mainly avoiding encounters) and executing fights saves time
The bot is out of pocket today
I recall a vod where it was spamming anime names or something recently
You gotta turn that back on people couldn't see why peeps saying throat goat tier 
@ili_t1nk_ili lol yeah I just look WILD haha
I saw someone make a thing for the jade raven one too I think, wonder if that'll get put back in
I could now recreate phanto274Bless in real life lmao
but it's also a pain to get in the costume so yeah lol
I think it's so cool when randos add stuff like that in. I know that HK randos with the QoL mod lets you do a lot of earlier patch skips that speedrunners use
Honestly I only play that game with rando nowadays, I forget that some of those skips aren't doable anymore lol
felt no need to completely brutalize CK this seed
enough overkill from last seed for this seed :P
I dont know he said "im bored" and is currently in meadow
you know pokepark is baby game for babies but my god it has some genuine bangers
not to put you on the spot, but what are you doing Friday night?
@Mirby_Studios imagine saying this and not knowing the lessons of death and divorce in the game
truly a PG-13 game in disguise
would you want to commentate my pape rando run for a marathon I'm participating in?
If I didn't ask now, I'd be asking on Friday KEKW
the zekrom battle theme in pokepark 2 is like... why does this go so hard
At least you don't have to check 6 now
I can't unsee those portraits as picross lmao
I gotta head home from work and get ready for ffxiv raiding BibleThump
wow this is a stacked store batatEyesZoom
hope the rest of the seed goes well
I don't think that's gonna go well for you krysta
HE RESET IN MEADOW OH NO
Yeah we're doing an hour of raiding and then a bit of sim stuff
figured you'd be aware but sometimes you make plans and just forget
and then the game is like MAINTENANCE IS STARTING SOON and you're like OH NO
Cheer500 good luck, with the rest, see you next time
paperario and I had the most trash seed ever, final check in tubba was mail bag with a tubba key in it. WHY COULDNT MARIO OPEN THE BAG!?! Cheer100
Have you looked in the sink for water? monadoKEK
so did tubba pay his water bill?
@Mirby_Studios nah, we know lol. I appreciate the concern though :>
@adamX0315 You know that *I* control the Galacks See kelpSmug
super boots in first shop to mansion panel for super hammer, to desert for kooper, to koopa bros tree for train, to toybox panel for ultra boots, to open ch7 for sushie, to parakarry in ch5, to blue station for jaden raven... that was awful
what do you guys think that open book on tubbas table is batatThonk
It's blank because he can't read
your right its probably a picture book of cute animals  GIGACHAD
switch pro controller chads have over 1000 mAH batteries
tubba why didn't you pay your water bill
bow probably charges him an INSANE amount for his utilities
Eating Boos is good for the environment YEP
according to the amazon page wii u pro controller only has 350 mAh battery....
is it just good drivers for low power mode?
yeah I used a wii u pro controller on my computer
playstation controllers if you think about if they're still charged or not they just die horribly
We really have raised a non numerical amount of $ for a null character on this channel too?
I recently bought a few 8bitdo pro 2 controllers, like them alot
I had to do a live run lmfao
and my live run was much, much worse lmfao
wityh 2 scaled huff n puff sweet
anyway nice sub3 you're about to get
idk how long stuff takes anymore :)
always nice to see a good seed
thats an ILLEGAL s jump charge
this is what pape runs look like in the alternate universe where we run a good game
we can never ignore that block again after today
hate it when that shit happens man
this was very close to like
I made it back home just now
Hope you have a good night, thanks for the stream phanto274Bless str9ngLove
Cheer10 oh missed the pb gg
I subbed to the YT channel on both of my other accounts earlier :3c
have a good night everyone phanto274Bless
Have a good night Phantom phanto274BLANKIES
he is showing the up and coming runners how to practice
Had some chicken pot pie for dinner yummo
I opened my copy os yoshis island and was surprised how large the board was
I was watching Ouro do octopath 2 today
I havent played otco1 despite owning it so by the time id play it id forget everything
any differences fron eng and jpn?
is the frame window tight for rng manip?
this is the weirdest battle network game ive seen
Dang, that plant just spit on Zelda
I think what ill do is start just using the gameboy player disc and if my interest is still there then Ill switch to GBi
id like to catch up on GBA games ive never played like Minish Cap, Sacred Stones, Golden Sun, ect.
Also running Colonel on console would be nice too
I have all the bn carts, even BCC LUL
alsoI neverr even played team protoman cause I played it on DS
so the pins are like brand new like 18 yearrs later
I've played Protoman, Colonel (bro's copy) and Double Team (friend's cart)
going back to DS is so hard, I really dont like it
love how this game "justifies" Link's hat, then Skyward Sword throws that out the window
when link shrinks down they should make his voice higher pitch LUL
I'm not a fan of how 5's music sounds on DS
sprite work is so clean on this game
when I bought BN3 Blue off eBay, I spent the following day playing BN3 for at least 12 hours straight
I don't think I could ever do that again
this thing's too cute to murder
I NEVER TOOK SHOWERS GROWING UP 
Does Diveman count as a short speedrun Kappa
... I thought you were referring to Diveman.EXE for some reason
yo, just in time for first boss
the crazy thing is quite a few people run it
Youre gonna need a bigger tissue
are top Minish Cap runners crazy enough to skip Heart Containers?
i'm honestly glad I finished that pain seed, cause now I can say i'm really good at fusion rando
I think the most annoying part of no varia sector 5 is that the damage causes knockback
The Swordmasters have a sick design
given where varia was, I think you'll feel the pain
I posted the video yesterday in the server
at least with this kind of run you don't have to worry about the gold enemies
trinkets were the worst to farm trying to 100% the game
I've subbed to the YouTube, weegee man
I'm convinced the bats are lifted right from Link's Awakening
call me crazy, but I wanna try doing all bosses speed runs in dark souls 3
I love that this area uses the lttp rain music
the main thing of ds3 is outside of running and fighting bosses, there's a lot of quit outs
best part about ds3 running, is there's a lot of fun aesthetic mods. like turning all the weapons into lightsabers, and turning pontiff sulyvhan into DIO complete with jojo music
what all is there to buy?
I should do a casual run through of the game, it's been forever
not like the cutscenes of pape
oh, you get a chance to try octopath traveler 2?
I have nothing but good things to say about it so far. the characters are amazing, the animations are smooth and cool, and the story is so damn good!
I loved the first game, but it's a HUGE step up
the characters have actual interactions, like in combat they cheer each other on when you break the enemy shields
and each chapter 1 is just that character, you don't get to just blitz the first boss with a full team anymore
some genuinely tear jerking moments in the stories too, and i've only got 4 characters so far
I still need to get the 1st game
I mean, I have been streaming it, but i'd imagine you don't want story spoilers
I just wish the 1st game was on PlayStation
i've got a buddy who's playing it along side me, and he's just slightly ahead of me in progress, so he gets to experience it with me
oh shoot, I gotta run to D&D, didn't realize how late it was. gl with the run!
can't wait for temple of droplets
I just wish it was better
Also ashame that Roc's Cape is only in the Four Swords games as it's the most fun item
it's just the fact that you can do the standard Roc jump or the big Double Jump
I've played this game all the way through 100% as shitty as it was but I like this game
I replayed this game and almost didn't know how to progress after temple of winds because of the game not telling you to warp at lake Hylia and talking to the minish after the warp
I spent two hours and gave up and wondered how I managed to do this blind
Just friendzoned the shit out of Alisa
scoop up the old lady in a bottle
@RavenFP finally got around to playing cold steel 3 eh
Honestly I don't know why they didn't code the dog to permanently stay on the side of the stairs instead of being in the way by default.
@blacktiger51 yea the new students slowed how much I wanted to play it a lot but then I got Ash and started fiending it lol
Also the pacing in this one is awkward but overall story is same level of good at least
okay so hear me out. Chet Rippo is the one that looks like a platypus, which is fitting because his name rhymes with hippo, and hippos and platypuses are both semi aquatic mammals. meanwhile Rip Cheato is the one that moreso fits the gamer stereotype, and Cheetos are a large part of the stereotypical gamer's diet. Cheer100
another thing I like about this game is the remixes of existing Zelda themes in this game
how did link push that cabinet?
Power Bracelets in this game are basically the around the same strength of Golden Gauntlets in this game except not really
Just had to hit Emma with the "Thanks pal" as a response to her confession
Alisa got the "You're a good friend"
Not my fault that they aren't Laura
None of them are knight women so that's their fault
as it's my least favorite dungeon, yes I can
I'm good with just an ice dungeon by itself
this a better dungeon then the water temple from oot that for sure
I'm a guy with simple needs
No way! am I seeing correctly phantom touching zelda.
woah the wind gave you a kinstone
I wanted to just say hi LMFAO
Is being small the entire gimmick of the game?
talking hat as well, and they say Zelda copy's Mario lo
I'm glad enemies have hit stun in this game
It's almost like the devs did not want to fight Darknuts
I play the rando and can confirm, cape breaks logic hard.
we better have something like in tears of the kingdom @Ohrocks
Trying not to have expectations high for TotK
I'm on the opposite end. I need to try speedrunning this sometime
sry im kinda too excited for TotK honestly
I spent too much time riding horses and collecting ingredients for soup.
thats the best part of the game @Tess1tura your pplaying it the correct way lol
There's also faeries right at the entrance to this dungeon before you go up from the city area that are my bffs
lol but instead of a box he hides in a barrel
Now's the time to read donations
Oh man. I forgot about this cutscene. I haven't seen it in a few years.
I looked away and got so confused, I thought you finished LOL
I do but it's a settings thing.
Yeah, rando skips cutscenes, the beginning festival, and (best of all) Ezlo dialogue
Also this part. The guys aren't as stoned in rando.
Speedrun tech to get caught on fire
The TAS actually does that in one of these rooms
Simply don't have your clone destroyed
You have to light several lanterns in the same room so TAS pulls out the item to light them and then sets Link on fire
The faster strat isn't too bad and it's quicker to reset
Does JP ver have harder Vaati too?
JP vaati is slightly easier than EU
EU spinny eyes take 2 slashes to kill in V1
How was derust the other day Myth? I saw you were streaming but wasn't able to drop in just then
I was recording a GDQ submission last night
it went well, fingers crossed it gets accepted
Digits cruciform on your behalf. What category?
I'm actually not super familiar with Glitchless ruleset. I assume no OG, no peahat clip, no lilyclip...
Make it a 100% run. Gotta get those shells to get the figurines KEKW
hundo iiiis kinda sick rn ngl 
I would do hundo - figs.
Can that be a category? tess1tLUL
If you want to hundo figs, just go to the grocery store
You mention in your bio you're a dev. What's your stack?
Oh hell yeah. On the metal stuff is a lot of fun.
Are you looking for new people for the team? I know someone had to step back recently.
the more the merrier, there's always something that needs working on
I couldn't believe when I actually timed out in this room. Normally when NPCs yell at you to hurry up you have plenty of time to go take a nap, get lunch, do some sidequests...
atm people aren't super keen on raw handling ASM so we're relying on decomp to let us handle things in C
I have so much trauma attached to the word "Netbeans"
I'm a weirdo who likes ASM but I also have severe, unmedicated ADHD so it's a very "your results may vary" as far as productivity goes.
GL on Vaati! Hope the cycles are better than the other day marioRNG
Is RNG manip allowed in glitchless?
I just got medicated a month ago and its really helped with rando productivity
There's a shortage of ADHD meds in the USA right now that's fucking over a lot of people
yeah RNG advancing is a normal game mechanic, we can't enforce any rules on restricting it
Vaati COULD not but why would he?
The hit boxes on these are insanely rude
Hell in a handbasket at mach speed
its to do with the calculation of the collision happeneing on different frames for main link than the clones
Imagine getting a guaranteed finish to a run when you get to the end
Vaati 3 is free until you miss a cycle and then the entire thing spirals out of control very quickly _sigh_
EXACTLY it's not hard it's just ANNOYING when THIS happens
If you put your real self in the middle you can get him even if he goes over the edge
Gg that was a boss fight
@Myth197 That is... so helpful, thanks Capcom
the trick is if you make your clones ASAP and stand in front of vaati, it will always blue orb
He turned into an old man
and you only need to hit it 2 times before making more clones
if you are worried do 3 hits
It is emotionally satisfying to smash his face, though.
so why is the talking hat a bird??
The real Minish Cap was the friends we made along the way (not Ezlo)
You play on actual hardware too? :D
He has a list of consoles he has available hardware for in the bio :>
yeah this was played on GBI
ive heard that pokemon crystal can have issues running on everdrive
Man, I would've probably started watching streams a lot sooner if they were going on at 3am for me
are there any other GB games that dont work?
Oh god my stomach, the ending of that made me laugh so hard
I found those exist last week
I grew up on bum school lunches, I can stomach Taco Ball tomatoes
I didn't order them though because I wanted a bowl for later eating, so maybe next time
Does this do all hidden items or just overworld and NPC checks?
Woah look, it's the hit female protagonist, Krys
A Pokemon Profressor just hands over the world's rarest PKMN to a child in exchange for said kid running an errand for him
Gators and Espeons? 1st route goes crazy
tier 3 if you pull a bike outta a tree
Pssst. You have Minish Cap as a title
Oh it literally just updated for me
It still said minish cap when they said something
Gen 2 will always have a special place in my heart
being bad at streaming reminds me of the time I raided someone and then went to get food. half an hour I get a ton of DMs that I forgot to stop stream and people could hear me munching on food and watching speedruns lol
@langepon there are worst things they could've heard you doing phanto274Smile
My friend streamed his XIV raid prog a few weeks ago and forgot to turn his stream off. Left it on ALL NIGHT with a macro set up, running from tree to tree, gathering stuff for like 6 hours
which is perhaps almost considered botting which is against ToS
Yea I'm gonna force you to play trails at some point or another phantom
Just hit the last chapter of 3 and goddamn
how many hours does CS take in total
Oh no I wouldn't let you stream it outside of a discord
Idk my hours are padded because adhd brain I do like 10 things at once while playing
But average like 60 a game depending on what you do
I sometimes play 3 games at the same time and still chat with people
I am back! My cat requested and required that I chase her around the house.
Ok back to lurking I just had to take a break after shit going down LOL
Also I def wanna play these again on nightmare cause like
Gimmicks make this game free on hard lol
I am shadow b a l l I n g
That Full restore must of thrown you off
My poor Gamecube controller now needs a stick replacement because I bit it too many times. It's a problem.
It's okay it definitely wasn't anything you needed
wow I love coming into stream and an aerodactyl just screams at me lol
Is the seed resolved when you put your foot in Reds ass?
so item rando includes gym badges?
I've never tried a Pokemon item rando
here's hoping the tower wasn't a bike
kirby shall bring you much victory
This would be really nice on like, HGSS
when are you gonna play the best pokemon game, Emerald?
is it just rando or is this also a nuzlocke?
@MVD731 I really enjoyed playing Emerald with Pokelink hooked in
So the bot learns almost exclusively from the chat, yeah?
Who's talking about dresser drawers in chat? lol
Any QoL improvements in this rando?
I find it funny Sandstorm still activates twice though
I remember the first time seeing that feature in the newer games, it was so jarring
Damn kids, riding their bikes indoors. Theyre going to leave tracks all over the house.
I always wondered about the water stone
Ah yes, me vs. celebi. our battle will be legendary
Blizzard or focus blast, which misses more
or I'll just body it heh
I think it depends on the game?
But it sure don't fell like it
Anything less than 100 accuracy is actually 50
Is Eeveee faster then or is it pretty similar?
ooh where'd you find the bike???
Oh let me get my surfboard
I dont miss the bike song one bit lol
Yeah one is clefairy, not jigglypuff
@buff00n calm down she's like 30 pixels
I mean they're a good 30 pixels but that's besides the point
Which has the better cry between Charizard and Rhyhorn?
you think pixel count has stopped me from crushing on someone
Theyre about as similar as Caterpie and Goldeen.
just YouTube'd caterpie/goldeen, they're the same cry
bot's canon name is Hapi Beav, wow
No, *I* got confuse rayed, smh
I love when my mon's beating it own ass in addition to the opponent beating the shit outta it
I keep forgetting this game has an item limit
Depends on where Rick is, right?
Who needs cut. You can just use slash instead Kappa
Who needs cut, just use this knife I found instead.
You will simply find Psychic next check
or just use flamethrower and burn it all down Kappa
The gen 2 surf theme is so good
Are the actual moves for the TMs random?
Where the hell did lance go
I'm assuming the alarms just know better when Lance walks past
Thats 2 mons in a row with extreme speed
"He used HYPER BEAM on a human. I'm NOT fuckin' with THAT."
That's the man, officer. He took my DNA.
I had to refresh the stream, it said you werre still playing zelda lol
it still say u playing zelda for me lol
If you ever try to make clips, it's worse unless they fixed it
tiger you need to refresh the page
yeah too lazy guess its a zelda stream lol
I see minish cap rando is more than just the dungeons LUL
the rando is full of crazy features
the zelda/metroid rando is so weird to me
Ganon turned the game into pokemon crystal and getting the triforce will bring the game back to minish cap
ganon isnt even in minish cap
Why did the bird say that
Little does team rocket know that giovanni is hiding out in the Rijon Region south of Johyo
name a better cosplayer than MegaManEXE
was that slight nod in disagreement a response to my pokemon brown/prism reference?
remember the troll gen 4 para-flinch dunsparce LUL
Team Rocket is milking miltanks for energy
Time for bloons, you heard the bot
He killed a shiny electrode. He will do anything for that PB
my local game shop has super star saga GBA
im playing that on switch right now lol
Me, comin' in with the big crits
Does anyone remember what the giant gameboys in this tower do?
It is weird how those hikers wllalk around with no shirt and then rush to put on one when fighting you.
I stepped away for a bit. How's it going?
NODDERS it be like that sometimes
Have you tried flapping your arms REALLY fast?
I will simply learn it through level up
Wow, that really is fast. He put that shirt on lightning fast
I'm gonna grow up to be big and stromg
No you had that right, I'm pretty sure
Kanto Gym theme goes hard in these games
didnt know your ads have a snooze button
I'm very happy to be a Mew :>
ive been in and out didnt notice you named a mon after me LUL
Apparently *I* am the greater good lol
No worries, Im more offended by the murder of the shiny electrode.
Fearow is just a wannabe Ho oh.
did Kabutops just use splash? amazing
winning the badge isnt a check?
MarioMan such a devout viewer, got a trainer named after them? nice
I have bad reflexes, I'm sorry
When I was a kid, I thought these girls sprites were wearing cowboy hats.
why does Zap Cannon hate you this much
Rather them than the balding shirtless homers everywhere.
When I do casual randos, I turn on as many things as I can possibly handle and s u f f e r
Thats what we like seeing Phantom do. Torture himself.
I almost always do coinsanity in pm64 and geo rocks and lore tablets in HK
The only thing I don't mess with in pape is koot
and you'd learn where hidden items are if you learned
The only HK setting I don't mess with is Journal Entries. That's just a whole extra level of cursed
do ice slides actually count as steps
Ah, Zanes here now. He can take over duties for me. I need to go to sleep now.
I want to ride my bicycle, I want to ride my biiiiiiiike
I wanted to hit five phanto274Bless
Yeah but @Cooler_Zane is the Cooler Zane, obviously
idk, that flamethrower felt like overkill
I absolutely torched that poor ivysaur
no he earned his suffering for being an encounter
Wait no way were back in the tower lol
I get my revenge on the bayleef?
this is new to me cause I'm late :D
If this is something I will be floored
I will gladly overkill the bayleef
Damn, was hoping this was a blue key seed.
I always thought ledges were ropes as a kid
So where was Goombario in this seed?
may not be a blue KEY screen but fly is definitely giving you blue balls
No, he killed the blue ball earlier
MACHINE PART YES I WAS RIGHT
wow a lot of stuff in there
I want to play a Pokmon game sense I never played one. Which one should I start with assuming I want to complete it 100% and speedrun it after finishing?
100% on pokemon games is... nearly impossible
You pretty much are required to have a newer game to get 100% dex completion with how the games just... work
I'm so bad at dodging the Zap Cannons
2 badges in here so far
I'm a fan of the lapras goggles
Yeah, it looks like it's wearing goggles
Did that guy just give us Viagra?
"All of my pokemon are rock-hard!"
that's a rough seed for sure
so my players are about to fight 2 wraiths and 4 specters in my dnd campaign
name one of them after me
and one of them already got hit by a wraith and failed the con save
"Cooler_Zane, the wraith appears before you."
I mean, they already fought a chimera made of floor tiles
ya know in fr/lg they let you fly to the pokemon centers near rock tunnel and mt moon but didnt in hg/ss
and I thought that was BULLSHIT
MxFour? Thats the dude from yesterday? Cant believe he would use perish song.
so for those that don't know, when you're hit by a wraith and fail your con save, you lose maximum hp based on how much damage you took until long rest
Oh speaking of m4, they're live rn
and one of my players, the rogue, already got hit by that ability
I'mma go heat up spaghetti. Dont make progress until I get back
I need to keep their stream open when possible. I really want that channel point redemption that's just called "trans my gender"
I'm going to redeem it anyways lol
misty using a water type, couldn't be
oh yeah, how was the rest of the minish cap run?
what if badge behind elite 4
I mean, it's good xp for mew at least
What is normally behind Elite Four? The S S Anne Ticket?
clear bell is radio tower no? from director
in place of wings from gold silver
Clear bell, thought the Suicune guy gives it after chuck
Crystal is so unique, being after a legendary trio pokemon. Also the best of the three imo.
okay so clear bell from radio tower, you get suicune then before badge 8. Rainbow wing you gotta get raikou and entei then a guy IN the tin tower gives it and opens the stairs
and silver wing is pewter man
omg digimon plushies? love them nice
Suicune is why I dont usually pick Totodile in Crystal
Suicune is also the only downside to Heartgold and Soulsilver since it comes way too late in the game.
^ better than it being a roamer like old gold silver
Roamer sucks, but at least I can still get it early.
all my homies hate roaming legendaries
Yeah, probably. Its a legendary dog. Ive had them all in my party in the past.
Its interesting when you put them to sleep and they still run away. Bastards
I mean, it starts with sn at least
sneasel, snorlax, basically the same thing
I will never get over the hedge maze, I mean viridian forest
it's the shittiest corn maze you will ever go to, cause they never change the design
Woah it's Ice Bea- I mean Shadow Ball I guess
Yeah, they watered down Kanto a little too much.
i'm just glad HG/SS kanto was normal kanto
I love the way Blue just floats into the sky
without iwata, we wouldn't have gotten it lol
I am c o n f u s I o n
I would like more of both. I like how the second game acknowledges the first
hey phantom do a jynx cry
why dont YOU have morning sun huh? -shove you- HUH???
I don't think he'll do the cry Zane
no pokedex because oak hates us
Can't believe this, how will you ever catch them all
Pokedex will be at the end of basement
someone threw it in their basement storage and forgot it
Fuck, I need to clip that later
if you go to the basement you have to fight me >:)
An 80 damage point move that hurts the user is stupid when Ice Beam, Thunderbold and Flamethrower exist.
I can do it, you just want the "did not learn" and phantom saying it?
And the part before where the move was not learned, yeah
Thank you, I don't use Twitch very often lol
I click clip and it says
"you can't do that on this channel  Clipping on this channel is not available to you due to preferences set by the channel owner."
ah well, not a huge deal
sub =/= follow as I learned earlier when I subbed to someone and then realized I didn't follow and got the on stream pop up when I did lol
it wont let me go back that far now rip dreams
now you can start filling it right?
Basement pokedex confirmed. Just not last item like I hoped I mean thought.
watch I'll kill you right now
my money is on Krsta lol
Unfortunately, although I am not submissive, I do follow instructions. And Phantom is telling me to rock your shit, Zane.
NO STOP YOU'RE EMBARRASSING ME THAT HURTS
I'M A LITTLE GUY AND ITS MY BIRTHDAY HOW COULD YOU
Phantom do you have any t3 subs
Typical no mercy speedrunner. Kills shinies and ruins birthdays.
thats what you get for beating me up, jerk butt
SS Aqua, isnt that the sunken ship in Emerald
with the hunk of metal for current day Kleavor
Imagine falling inti the lava. Why is there lava in a gym?
before gas heating systems, homes had lava
Real life game of The Floor is Lava
if anyone falls in the lava, it's a skill issue
Claire strands herself on a floor with lava
then again, if people can survive bloody Hyper Beams in this world, lava's prolly the equivalent of boiling Kool-Aid
magcargo is hotter than the sun so yeah
'Hotter than the sun" Yes, PERFECT. Ideal mon for hatching eggs.
so you beat me up for no reason
Ash carrying a PKMN in his backpack that weights over 300 lbs. Minimum.
He got the pokedex and ruined his menu over beating you. Dont feel bad.
Phantom5800: I (might) FUKKEN DO IT AGAIN
Slowly inching my way to more bit emotes
btw its past midnight, everyone get your daily logins done
for YOU in the WRONG timezone
us here in the COOL CORRECT timezone is midnight
Oh shit I guess weeklies did reset last night
ah shoot I missed most of it, how's the run?
erika is a failed kimono girl
Fighting w/ 5 beautiful women??? Sign me the fuck UP
can you win this seed soon? I'm tired
turn in red scale maybe? thats fast
S.S. Aqua isn't bad with indoor bike, just sayin
Yeah I've only done one seed and it was SO nice
but yeah since it's not a full release you have to patch the rom, not hard but extra steps.
Hey there's the heating element for this gym
you skipped it cause I distracted you :3
To my delight, I've learned my laptop can run Yakuza Kiwami. I will finally be sinking my teeth into this series.
My roommate enjoys Yakuza a lot
Tell me you don't have to fight the Elite 4
I was digging you playing Like A Dragon on discord
I have placed my bets on the boat
I have my win and loss things in mind, but they're both good for you
CHECK OUT MY SUPER POWERED... delibird... FUCK
I'm simply built different, Zane. You are powerless at my will.
this is a nice short rando Kappa
rainbow badge on tin e4 check
SO YOU BEAT ME UP FOR NOTHING A G A I N
I'm going to be so buff by the time we get to Red
have you watched any of the FIR shopsanity?
why you no teach psybeam over blizzard
yeah there's logic for ropes and water stone
it's probably guaranteed shop item, that's a good question
"surf is strong enough fuck it"
It's interesting logic too, because something like Blackthorn shop may be inaccessible without strength, if strength is on Mt. Silver or something
or like radio card in rope chamber, but rope shop in Viridian
second best champion theme, only to cynthia
it was just DMCA on YT for a while right?
@WEEGEE666 B2W2 remix is the best
Idk, Iris' theme goes incredibly hard
someone unrelated to nintendo remixed it and started claiming them all as theirs
best team boss theme goes to magma ORAS edition
Can I put the bow on after Red
Required Tin, required E4, what else?
I'll be wearing it in my heart
I was beat up for NOTHING
I avoid hideout so hard, and it hurts me every time
wouldnt be if you taught psybeam
I wanna organize a fusion rando race at some point
Oh cool I made it just in time
We all know that JP is better than NA
Very happy today. The grip piece came off of one of my joysticks on my xbox controller and I apparently had a warranty on it, so got a new one for like $3
Oh niceeeeee rockin the pony I see
I was ready to buy a whole new controller lol
Look, the mayor of Toad Town is a very... prolific.. person...
Hope your allergies are better today, btw phanto274BLANKIES
ill keep you updated for what capcom reveals LUL
Lmao, that does tend to help
megaman, monster hunter, resident evil 4, ghost trick, and that raining dinosaur game
seriously, dont sleep on ghost trick
ive been outside every day this week since monday
I will die on this hill
i've had classes to attend and this might be the first week of the semester (which started early january) that I actually attend all my classes
im debating if I want another raphnet. This would let me use SNES mini controller on gamecube.
I dont have a classic controller pro
I feel like the right controller makes such a big difference. I actively dislike playing anything on emulator with like, my xbox controller
im just iffy on buying a used controller
oh this one is from nintendos amazon page
I'm considering getting a gamecube or n64 controller for my PC
I used gcn controller on PC and encountered several issues with not having enough buttons
for instance no select button, no left bumper
(I lowkey think it would be hilarious to try to raid on ffxiv with an n64 controller)
I would love to see someone play forza on a hori
I played sm64 on a hori 4Head
then I got an OEM controller and realized how bad hori is
When Paper Rando with NES Controller? @phantom5800
I have a wired one for N64 for casual play and enjoy it
oh shit forgot about copcom show today
@blacktiger51 were you modded the last time I saw you?
what'd the tts just say to me
I sent him women with abs on discord last night and he didn't acknowledge it
Mmm, that is pretty nice Axl
Little sad that the grey and blue ones are on a waitlist, I'm not big on the solid white
@RavenFP tbf, I was Z O O T E D
ive heard smash ultimate gamecube controllerrs arent as good. Is that true?
oh? Ive been using a Smash4 controller for rando
ideally I could remove that from my OG and add it in right?
Rosalina king boo and link are the new mario kart top tiers
And Wario is still up there so I'm chilling lol
They just buffed everyones speed and changed some stats for carts
They made customizing marginally more viable
According to bear the meta is already cat cruiser or teddy buggy with the top tiers I mentioned lol
I think you have more things to actually use now though
mario oh nine now has me visualizing some kind of Pape and Brooklyn 9-9 crossover
Oh wait nvm bear posted a screencap of a jp lobby
All rosalina on cat cruiser LOL
the things I would do to have CTR:NF on PC
my issue was that the ugly karts were the best ones
And there's a king boo there too
Krysta- the garfield kart racer is a pretty competent game on PC
damn, JP dropped Waluigi with EXTREME prejudice
Yes but I just want to play as the pretty girls from CTR and have fun with the funny drift boosting
But yea you can still only use roller wheels
Every meta build has it lol
at least you have 3 carts to pick from now
I'm going back to B-Dasher + Standard and no one's stopping me
can somebody explain what competitive mario kart even looks like
I never used meta because I hated how it looked
@starry_arie people exploiting rng and saving lightning to REALLY screw people over
But at the same time he's in a better boat than jesse playing smash LOL
to be fair, most competitive games with a definitive meta are just nuts to begin with
Rosalina is the best Mario fem character, fight me
You can't do it to someone on a glider now you have to do it on the ramp
oh snap, they added in all the mod cards from bn4-6 Thats all 499, they localized it as patch cards. And March 21st is when they drop the english anime dub.
besides that, it's just significantly more tryhard
@MeaCulpa_DW Buff00n is gonna fight you
The bot is trying to escape
yeah, bn had e-reader cards called mod cards
did the localization team give up or something? lol
that... makes a lot of sense actually
at least it makes bn5 eng the faster version LUL
I've been sitting here so confused for the past 5 minutes lmfao
need to make Capcom ID to online games.
I come in and hear love feeding data to the corporations LUL
its only mentioned for resident evil: REverse, SF6, and the dino game specifically
Dont we all feed data to the corporations even if it is against our will?
the last time Capcom pushed for feeding themselves data, we got RE6
prob cause its not modern gen, its for for switch and PS4
I mean, I'm already iffy about Battle Network PvP
I do very much dislike having to sign in to Ubisoft to launch Rayman Legends from Steam
this is just the final nail in the coffin
dino game got a season pass making it a live service game LUL
Stopped watching the capcom thing after the id announcement and came here
im waiting to see ghost trick
season pass season 1 premium tier with fortnite style emotes for the dino game LUL
what if it's actually the toy box lol
oh? want to try our beta? make a capcom ID
idk I thought that was a normal place for the fortress
I'm gonna use your stream to test something 
this is a nice looking toy box
Someone turned the heater on in the fortress
koopa village is in danger with an active volcano so close
Gotta make parakarry feel useful somehow
release date for the dlc for monster hunter rise on consoles just bought the base version
no lava piranhas were harmed in the making of this randomizer
lets go re4 remake demo today  pog
There a game stream rn or something?
So, for Mega Man fans. How do you like 20XX? I haven't really played any Mega Man games but I quite enjoy 20XX. Any recommendations for a game to start with?
Im ready to do bustermax speedruns day 1 LUL
There was a level 5 stream this morning and it gave me all I cared about which is inazuma
yeah with modcards you can run bustermax
do you think nintendo printed enough movie tickets? Kappa
A new mode has been added that powers up Mega Buster shots by a factor of 100! You can turn the new mode on/off from the menu at any time during the story, giving you the freedom to play how you want. The mode will remain off in online battles.
buster only is making a come back boys!!!!
oh wait, bn6 was already buster only LUL
It's one of those "for those who want to enjoy the story!" modes
Put in for any% runners Kappa
if kingdom hearts chain of memories had an option where I didn't have to play the game
and that's the only deckbuilder i've played
max buster will help with bn4 repeat playthrus KEKW
How does ch.6 work as a dungeon? Is... the whole chapter the dungeon or?
you know im not wrong there
No one is talking about it in komaris discord LUL
If Crystal Palace is Flower Fields, that's gotta be the longest chapter
Can't fight Laki because no Bombette?
Oh the new 10k bit one?
Time to cheer for 7,635 bits to have it first :^)
yo phantom, this is funny as heck. Terra didnt even know about the spotlight
both clubba colors are pog actually
Ah yes, your most OP badge
in teambn theres only like 5 people talking about. Surprised how quiet that channel is.
I saw it tweeted in a discord like 2 days ago, I wouldnt have known otherwise
this is adam's schedule assuming it hasnt changed in the last month
U got two because you dropped first and game wanted you to have it :)
I was expecting the animation to play after the minigame, but it just... didn't
so I foudn the twitter and all they have is shouting out their streamers lol
Whats w all the life shrooms
I'm assuming you haven't found Toybox yet?
oh, I think I get it. one streamer starts then the raid the next one in the marathon
I remember past being in it
I guess you went back to marking scalings instead of dungeon locations?
I do think its cool that we are getting the mod card art.
I just realized with mod cards we can get free bugfrags in bn5
oh I did its just really short
What happens if you get caught in ch3? Do you go to the shuffled entrance?
they are doing the english dub in a twitch marathon lol
its just the same of the start of the og re4
the very beginning is a little different form the og
The reckoning has come lantern ghost
they finally localized Z Saver as Z Saber LUL
so they talked about the crossover boktai traders. They are in the game and you get crossover points with PVP
oh course, but throwing it out there
this looks like a very fun seed Kappa
The odds of progression here were not low, from the sounds of it
Can flower saver bring cost down to 0?
Blooper is far more likely than Tubba's Castle
Bow can't be locked behind Tubba's...
You were guaranteed progression w/o going to Tubba bc Bow couldn't be locked behind anything there
EXE4 has the start every battle with Full Synchro mod card.
Fml. I've missed 2hrs. Gl on the rest of the run! Also, hello!
Does chapter 6 not randomize entry like 4 did
Ah okay. I missed that. Wasnt sure if the entry was only in the boss room here for some reason. Not used to the setting yet
Missing Hella partners 2+ hrs in.
I bet bow is on winding path
I just missed it. Who had bombette?
Bow can't be winding path but she could be a lot of places
Must've just been recent, but grats on mario and backtigers mods. phanto274Hype phanto274Hype
oh duh! cause laki is at tubbas
Bow is almost certainly here or behind something you found here
Probably behind Jade Raven or some random Bombette check
Maybe there will just be a Tubba key here :)
Just 1 item from go mode, right?
Best case: Tubba Key here, worst case: Tubba Key behind Laki
I'd expect Dungeon Shuffle to often devalue Magical Seeds and maybe Bow
And gives more value to Blue/Red Key
watched the mario trailer then Miyamoto asked "What did you think?" It was mid Miyamoto KEKW
I had no idea he does that if you out of sight in the battle
I have definitely done that every time I accidentally encounter him during quick escape KEKW
Yeah, hence Outta Sight every time
Tubba has killed me in rando more times than I care to admit...
oh yeah...i guess they are all vanilla in the sense that I thought clauviWoozy its the order thats switched up
I just got done a game of civ im not pmr brained right now LUL
The cloud dissipated on its own, it definitely wasn't brutally destroyed by Mario's feet :)
Found an extra 5 dollars in what I got for 2nd on monday so I did break even after all runera3Cool
I get not having goombario, but it kinda bothers me that you dont have record lol
But it covered multiple games and paying for jaemis entry lol
Record could be in Star Haven phanto274Shrug
Honestly like half the items you haven't seen are there KEKW
maybe overworld rando will be out by then
It could also be an opportunity if you were planning to do a community race
I just tried a dried shroom and holy crap my hands are so large now. They can touch everything except each other and im kinda freaking out not gonna lie. Pls tell me ill go back to normal soon... Cheer100
Or maybe more realistically, fight each chapter boss with one partner each.
Early clear (-boots) of Tubba's is... weird
oh my goodness, is the ohoho emote the 10k bit one
Why y'all do this to me
OwO. I want to owffer promowotion of your chwannle, viewers, followoers, views, chwat bwots. Da pwice is lower dan any compwetion youve sween bwefore. Da quality is Kreygasm Bwattery Powered, Increwedible flewible and conweirnent. Cweaning syswtem Ewverything is in your hwandz, twurn it on/off/customize. Go to fasty-wasty number-wumbers go uppsies dot com
Exactly, was trying to start a rhyme there
at least read Go to fasty-wasty number-wumbers go uppsies dot com
I read it that way the first time too
Random observation, but I think that those Rivian EV trucks only come in gunmetal gray color
Waiting for the bus and I've seen three of them
You're in the part of the area that's less techbro
Need an emote that's a shot machine with fuzzies in it
I have some days where I could use a shot machine
I would have to borrow a friend's or something. I don't drink very often lol
I have so many questions for what the bot just said, but I don't think I'm on a high enough plane of existence to understand it fully.
Just use Close Call instead. Zero damage is better than half damage :^)
At least you had Mega Shock
3-turn 4x Dark Koopas half an hour into the run isn't bad
Is March 9th a significant date for you?
I definitely wasn't waiting for you to find close call or anything
I was going to say, I think it might be a clippy trick
@mariomantaw nice green stick you got recently phanto274Hype
Yep, me and @blacktiger51 got promoted
Probably yesterday when I took a nap LUL
Wait... we have seen Crystal Berry...
Imagine Kooper having nothing as usual
Boy was I wrong about Kooper. He had a letter LUL
We just got a letter, we just got a letter, we just got a letter, wonder whos its from
I cant believe people still remember Blues clues
yo new seed. still dungeon shuffle? clauviPog
sounds like fun I gotta try it some time
Did you check sewers past the koopas
thats a magical door alright. A magical door to a loaded toybox LUL
P Up is considered an key item in my book
I do agree its always a magical experience to find Laki hence the magical door into toybox
Proving that... no fence can hold you... or something
I think if that's what's there, you'd be able to logically beat it?
The ohoho emote is very Bow
That check did in fact pay off on the form of a badge Kappa
If ruins are vanilla, would you clippy for the clear?
Since you somehow found all the stones already
because breaking logic is not cheating if you no one sees it that way Kappa
thats quite a place for weight to be
Huh, wonder where Pulse Stone is...
Bombette in Boo's Mansion shop? phanto274Thonk
This actually makes sense. Going down into the earth under the desert brings you into some great volcanic scenery
You're going to regret doing that...
Now quick change deserves the fanfare LUL
Better than finding goombario there lmao
That would be even better Kappa
just got back did I miss anything
Definitely didn't just miss a boss fight YEP
did someone blast the heat in the ruins?
Yeah I turned on the heater
Yeah, so hot it launched a chest to the jungle
I hope dad isn't mad at me for touching the thermostat
Boo's Mansion shop, I just know it
So if the volcano's in the ruins, what's in the volcano? phanto274Thonk
Clearable Crystal Palace once you find it?
I always knew Wacka was made out of Fire Flowers
you could cheat to get into 7
Technically you can open the bridge with Super Boots but that might be above the pay grade
Can you laki jump the blocks or is that not how it works
Finally back to watch.. new seed! Hows it looking so far?
Everyone's favorite useless spread damage move
You don't need her to get to General Guy?
If anything thats a great way to guard your monetary assets. Ultra shrooms are often liquidated into 50 coins
Should be guarding goombario best character in the game
Darth mister206Gombidious does not need to be guarded
Not using hammer throw is something dumb here Kappa
That was a 5Head play for the EXP
Hey Phantom! Hope the seed is treating you good, also good luck phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
it's a nice combo Ice mario with a Diamond hammer
Let's hope the next checks are those phanto274Bless
they did a good job with that
did not know that koopa's fortress was in a vulcano :D
the koopa bros upgraded to full on bond villains
Is this actually required or are you just shitting on Jr for fun?
Jr we don't need to go back where ever you live
my guess is that it was either this Jr or super blooper?
Returning to areas after their dungeons can be a blessing (ch3) and a curse (ch1/ch7)
ah fair, yeah the rando has made me forget that Jr fight and the one in the forest
wow they put the stone in a temple that you need to find it hehe
In a sense, it was volcano in the fortress... just with extra steps
I finally got around to looking at the......my dude
Anywho, I got to see the TTYD Infinite Pit this week
the flamin hot cheeto pokeys  PeachO
Good looking seed besides no paracarry
some real banger emotes I the 7tvmotes man
So Parakarry can't be in 6 OR 7
The warehouse key is there to stop you from sailing through the mountains Kappa
good or bad seed so far?
You did pick up the Weight at some point so you could have, you just haven't
"20 second timer in custom menu for NetBattles" I've been wanting thisssss
cuz my older brother took fuckin FOREVER picking chips
@RavenFP food, then I'll hop in
had my shit sorted within 15 seconds
then again, I read VERY quickly
Cleaning up at work and heading home soon. I'll probably miss the end of the seed, but good luck phanto274GL
Cheer120 for the clean 2.5k huehue
Getting that jump means you are ready for the new all cards route Kappa
Well, once you're done here, you won't need him for anything anyway :)
Unless Boots are on Mt. Rugged or something
wow I FP megabomb!?  BomBet  PAUSERS
In doubt always check Yellow Yoshi
well there was boots but wrong one
Did you ever check Anti Guy?
Parakarry is being held hostage is my bet
You could always just... go to 7 w/o boots Kappa
@blacktiger51 hows the green stick treating you? mister206Gombidious
its look nice beside my name
Did you check the other rosie
Phantom, save me from this Jackbox madness
Did we speak to the Dark Lord yet in chapter 0 aka prologue?
That is wrong on so many levels LUL
Parakarry literally come out of his flying ass LUL
its a true evil manipulated by mister206Gombidious
Give this seed to Rigby and Paperario as well Kappa
Its almost like this seed punishes you for cheating Kappa
Real talk, it's okay to take a break from rando if you're feeling burnt out
We'll all be here when you come back
I may not talk as much when it's not rando but I usually lurk
im trying to find a copy of paper mario that is not 100
Its very odd that this doesnt reward creative play like glitching. I feel like that is what people watching expect speedrunners to do.
Mario is not the mailman like this seed expects him to be
I am honestly for skipping moles
I really enjoyed minish and the crystal rando thats a shame others just want this...
skip yoshi kids, moles, laki and thats all on the top of my head
well there is other paper mario games there
It's also okay to take a break from streaming altogether
I know that I started watching you on Youtube and don't get the crystal randos recommended as much...
We need to find you a great divorce lawyer to get away from mister206Gombidious
Yeah numbers matter a lot more if it's your primary income
Well we are here for you Phantom :D
playing video games for a living kinda sucks huh?
yep people have their favorites and preferences but theres nothing that can be done to change that except put polls and in chat and discord gauging interest in other things
I am not a good gauge on this. I seem to watch regardless.
Yes we will always be here
We could just feed all our personal data for preferences to you in the name of gauging interest like big companies do Kappa
We are your fans and friend
This is the only channel I actually bought a sub for.
What other games would you play?
I would love to see more zelda i'm a big zelda fan :D
I mean Im always lurking at work but Id be down for PMMQ Kappa
There is always trying vanilla DK64 and then rando Kappa
Bn and mm not my interests but others are 
Do you think that a game popularity on Twitch can have a effect on viewership?
Yeah DK64 is not for everyone who doesnt like having to full clear seeds
Pro Zelda. Never really been into Megaman. I watch you play some random stuff though. I watched the Pokepark speedrun.
SM64 16 70 120 stars for viewers
I'm keen to watch zelda Mario pokemon etc if I'm not around I leave it on the TV 
I can respect SM64 for what it was at the time and some parts set the standard for modern games but other parts definitely didn't age well
I loved Mario 64 when I was a kid and almost cannot play it on a normal controller lol
I feel like banjo tooie is underrated
All that to say, I'm not a big fan either lol
wish we could help you on this Rando
Would you be more interested in pape if you use that new tracker?
Im curious to see what you would think of Crosscode.
I mean, you'd be doing far less full clears...
Yea I don't like it but saves going everywhere
like  I said before if u wanna do a oot rando I can help with checks
I find that I learn a lot about Randos from watching people and asking about logic
Would you have any interest in open spoiler races?
take a break from paper mario
You play and learn the Zelda CDI speedruns Kappa
The coop seeds seem less painful for you
I think do those more and do zelda shit and pokemon
I would of watch it yesterday but I was doing the destiny 2 day 1 raid
I've been fiending Tekken 8 reveals, despite not caring about Tekken
2D Zeldas are more straightforward about getting you a sword
Nice made it to the start phanto274Hype
its funny to me that your ham ham heartbreak has the best looking notes ive ever seen lol
I did a diveman race but it wasnt fun so I died at bothroom splits OMEGALUL
Wait this isnt the BeastSP race going on Kappa
I'm pretty sure the 1st time I played this, I was wondering how tf I was supposed to lift that big ass seed when tiny
the problem was that I was a stupid child
I got stuck here too @buff00n
"simply don't die" is a good rule for speedrunning
Another good rule is never PB by too much so you can get another one Kappa
in Minish Cap, you're just constantly dying. You get used to it
that one really tried to hide in the shadows
No longer dying. the run's ok
Myth also pops in often to backseat
I'd say expect around 6-7 hours for your first rando
And make sure you have autotracking enabled.
Well, get the tracker anyway; Deoxis has a new one for 0.7
I forgot you played on real hardware.
I don't have a capture card set up for GBC stuff.
Last I heard the guy who made them wasn't anymore.
If I got a GBA Player for GC I'd be in business.
My OEM N64 cable is pretty shredded so I use the GC one
I actually don't have a SNES right now; I got a SNES mini but no way to capture HDMI out anyway tess1tLUL
I have my NES hooked up right now for Tetris
I need to get a new PS2 because my adorable, loving cat PEED ON MINE.
I disassembled and cleaned everything but no dice ;-;
so nintendo released strikers half asses missing content, and it bombs so they dont add said content?
lol no one is even streaming it
not surprised but wanted to check
Somewhere around on the Minish Maker discord is a boss rush ROM that's pretty snazzy for rando practice because you can pick which items you want
Useful for boss practice in general if you don't have the benefit of save states
I remember, it wasnt even out for a month and gamefly was already selling off their copies
I personally get fewer migraines staring at a CRT vs LCD
RetroTink is a pretty snazzy piece of hardware
The only EverDrive I have right now is for N64 but my Wii is homebrew'd so I've got access to the Wii/GC libraries... I wonder if I could get this running on my Wii, actually...?
I want to mod my Dreamcast at some point
Some of my Chao I've literally had for 10 years.
I really need to play grandia 2
I played the ps1 version on ps3
yeah. not perfect but i'm okay with that lol
lots of velcro holding parts together
the ponytail itself is separate and attaches to the back via velcro
was watching a teardown video of the gameboy micro, holy crap is that an ordeal
Oh man I had one of those
ive been watching a lot of teardown video but never seen the micro
hey nintendo you know how you released the retro styled bluetooth controllers for NES SNES Genesis and N64? release a GBA one based on the micro I dare you
I would unrionically buy one for hilarity's sake
I feel like the released it to copy the ipod nano trend
Hope the run is going well Phantom
I had a pink one, I took that shit everywhere
SNES controller works pretty well for GBA things
the thing I like most about those controllers is they're natively supported on PC if you have a bluetooth adapter
and they show up as like SNES Controller
I got the micro so I could slip it up my sleeve during english class LUL
I brought my SP to school once. it got stolen tghSad
I had BCC. with bass unlocked!
I grew up in the middle of fucking nowhere, theft was unheard of
I unironically want LttP GBA on NSO for Four Swords Online
so do I but currently Four Swords is... basically inaccessible
watch them release LTTP but remove the four swords KEKW
that would probably be a good selling point for NSO
Your favorite isn't Triforce Heroes? :3c
TFH gets more hate than it deserves ngl
I had the special edition 3ds for it
but never got the game :>
"I play games to avoid people" LUL
See me trading Pokemon with myself
how does minish link climb a chimney?
Imagine having friends to play games with OMEGALULiguess
"lost run to dog" a real problem in TMC
thats like saying my dog ate my homework
wasn't Myth digging into RNG manip for that dog at one point tess1tLUL
if it just wants to be loved its going about it all wrong
friendly reminder that with NSO you too can play the worst version of this game
pouring one out for the homies
@KrystaSaff (the homies = seconds lost to dog)
as minish can you not go out the normal doors?
oh yeah youd have to open them, inside the house it doesnt show the door
yay I have a troll to play with at work right now
why are Zelda companions intentionally annoying like f-ing Navi
I think Midna probably my favorite
he's just an ornery old man stuck as a hat
Meanwhile in Wind Waker, ther'es an old man as a boat YEP
what about the sword from Skyward Sword?
She's really annoying but one of my favorite designs
I main ganon in HW lol
ya could have been a cool character imo they didnt pull it off
darunia is fun too. I also like ravio, actually
Great Fairy Link is just too funny not to enjoy
Man I wish I had the ohoho emote right now
also funny thing about darunia. if you unlock his 8-bit weapon, it replaces his hammer with the bait
so you get to smash enemies with a giant thing of meat
ganon's twin swords are the normal and magical key
so he becomes a KEYBLADE MASTER
Most of them are really good, yeah
you don't beat it you just get decently far then give up in defeat because there's approximately 29570931 things to unlock
I liked AoC. I almost built a PERFECT Urbosa lol
oof my sound was janky hi hi
lmao someone in a server i'm in thought their MK8 copy was glitching and they even reinstalled it... turns out they didn't know bikes drifted differently from karts
How many kinstones are needed for completion? If any?
whoa what did ice do to you
oh my god I just got that 
it sucks the whole time in my opinion...
Ink is, what, 30 sec unavoidable timeloss?
Have you ever had this battle crash on console?
I swear it only takes like one of those being reflected back when your big, whats the differance?
He's not a big octo though
lol must be the flower on its butt
Are the chus still called chus?
I do think that's such a clever bit of game design
Enemies that are just "meh" on the Big Overworld become bosses in Minish Tinyworld
I like the concept but not the execution honestly
though for rando you're going to want        (and then  again from there puts you into the graveyard)
this lil' nerd actually got bodied by some random ass crows
Those crows are annoying as hell tbf
These guys are pretty annoying too
If they catch you they really do Damage
... How did I not know your clones could grab the keys?
If you have the sword skill for boots you can run through those sneks (boots are bound on L as soon as you get them)
I think Ocarina is on Sel for 0.7 too?
which is a nice QoL change
You can also "sleep" from menu to return back to your house
And there's a warp to the beginning of the area option too.
The Good rando players utilize all of those pretty heavily but I'm a dweeb
Busy as hell man, my kids 7 months old now so I'm always doing something LUL
Been watching your paper mario videos on YouTube so thought Id stop by to give you a follow 
Oh yeah, it's been a very interesting experience for sure, but it's worth it
I've gotta get some dinner. I might be back later but you can always ask in the Minish Maker discord if anyone is around to backseat your first rando
Well good luck with the run, just wanted to pop in since been awhile. Love the content man, keep it up phanto274Hype phanto274BLANKIES
The race settings are pretty intuitive but there are some obscure checks in there where you have to dig in very specific spots
I told my BF we'd finish Warrior Nun or I'd stick around tess1tLUL
The tracker is pretty good about showing you where the digging spots are, at least.
I only played this game once. I do not remember liking this dungeon.
gl on the rest of the run(s)!
That guy came back for seconds
Are you going for Peril against Gyorg?
it defintely seems like they intended that to be possible
that skip was such cheese that you could call it... muenster-ous
you know me you should expect these puns
Never PB by too much. Making sure to throw whenever possible but not too much Kappa
I totally haven't been procrastinating on the games I gotta play for my reviews
Its not like damage boosting wasnt intended with Links built in super armor program Kappa
I can totally delete the message
I have to say that was a successful promotion since I went and ordered LoadedTots the next day LUL
just add the food for streamer thing and they pay for your dominos
He knows the color of your poop.
There, that should loser the bar.
thats another I dont think they thought out
Skyward Sword is basically fighting this enemy over and over in different forms
I got to the forced stealth bit in Skyward Sword and dropped the game right then and there
at that point, I stopped caring
Gotta love boss logic: "This pattern didn't work? LET'S TRY IT AGAIN"
I totally don't have the urge to reset my whole server emote list and refill it with new ones
mmm that is tasty not sponsored coffee
I was thinking the same thing LUL
@buff00n you mean mister206Do mister206IT mister206DOT
You going for variety streamer status?
Patty is a pretty decent variety game streamer. It certainly can be done. Id go that route, prevents burnout
I did variety back when I did stream
mostly dumb jp games and art
I wanna get back into it this year
at least I got all possible affiliate emote slots unlocked
the only time i've unlocked more slots since I became affiliate was when twitch said "here more slots for EVERYONE"
I mean I have great emotes. like mirbysDed
fun fact: I originally had that spelled properly, but I had to fix it which back then required reuploading under a different name cause twitch be twitch
but honestly having it be Ded is funnier so
langepPat < this may be my most used one though
I didn't even try with the toad, it was just a meme
I made mirbysLUL mirbysDed and mirbysLove myself
and I guess mirbysShock but that's just a recolor
others are just things I thought would be good emotes, like mirbysSmack
that one is 100% genuine MC official artwork
that I will never not laugh at
truly the greatest thing to ever come out of minish cap is that artwork
and those gold ones direct logic when you get them
it LOOKS dark on my screen, OKAY????
It looks dark purple to me
I wonder why a Zelda BotW rando looks like
Thats a unique place for it to be
I fair bit in the past
but where are boots aka Rok's cape?
lets go milk in it too
And you need heart pieces too for waveblade
Arc world tour for strive and dnf is like 10000x the production quality of swt it's crazy
I wonder if ewrly Gyorg is like early 7-scaled lava pirhana
Imagine working with your dev and getting rewarded for it runera3Hmm
lets go blow some shit up!
Milk is good for a growing hero
Actually this is in logic without jar
wtf you can bomb the fucking cobwebs
You just robbed that guy of hislife savings
and didn't even have room for it in your wallet lol
Ezlo looks more like a crow and less like a parrot
What were the weird settings? I was playing with food so I only overheard it and didnt see it.
Some random characters in this game.
Deep cut having the figurine guy from Windwaker in the shop
Hey Phantom! Good luck on the rando, how are you liking it? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Heading out for the night. Enjoy FINISHING the rando.
honestly blue chu is the real boss and green chu is a mini boss Kappa
50 bombs is cheap we need 99 of them Kappa
the sword masters were one of my favorite parts of this game
It likes a good suck Kappa
had Chipotle that I didn't pay for
I'm still suffering from battle scars from working Chipotle, so I didn't enjoy it much
I went to sleep around 8:30 am
I went to bed at 140 am last night
can't wait until I whine about having to be at work an hour early, then celebrate getting to leave an hour early
They could have remade this game with Awakening and the oracle games.
haven't played ages in ages, and seasons was never in season for me
he broke what's DEFINITELY not the Master Sword
Interesting which reused assets they use hear.
Vaati having the same laugh as the Happy Mask Salesman
Assets reused: OoT voices, a LOT of Four Swords sprites, the door sfx from GoldenEye (of all things)
Moblins look like the windwaker designs but have the strength of aLttP
I'm convinced they ripped the Keese (bats) straight from Link's Awakening
ty for not hurting poor chuchus
Chuchus are definitely Windwaker as well.
WW Darknuts look SICK in this game
just let me know so I can cover my eyes
It was probably not optimal to hurt the chuchus.
cannot believe they made a whole ass game about the Gnat Hat from Four Swords
Speedrunners dont have empathy. They will kill anyone just to save a few frames
Expect those Chuchus to feel pain. Lots of it.
Phantom wasnt commentating so I didnt watch.
Did you finish the rando yesterday?
i'll forgive the slug violence this time
give the green chu the big succ
I guess if it's trying to hurt you it's fine
smacking shit w/ your sword is so satisfying in Minish Cap
Does it have the brains to understand what it is doing?
Consider the blue chus laugh at you for getting electrocuted for hitting them, I'mma say "yes"
most of us slimes have rather poor intelligence
damn, @PhantomGamesBot is mad good at Parappa
it's general guy all over again, why can't games just give bombs
Do they not get the ocarina spot up there for later?
I'm not super familiar with the full run
I want the ability to disappear into a sine wave
here mr shoemaker, do some shrooms
lines up with my casual playthroughs
game's just like, "yeah get over it, the main soundtrack of this game is the low health sounds"
that said I do like this game a bit
microphilia definitely adds a bit of bias towards my enjoyment of the game
my favorite boss of all time is the fortnight boss. to defeat it you have to craft a special scroll, deliver it to the boss's lair, wait a fortnight, and bam! you don't have a job
oh that name does not bring back good memories that's for sure
but the moosic of this dungeon PepeHands
gl with the run / runs PrideLove
I normally really like ice themed things
you can destroy this one, it has betrayed me and lost my standing up for it
alright glgl on the rest of the run imma head for now
Hey Phantom! How are you today? Good luck phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Same the beam ain't really useful
Lantern next to the ice trap, this seed has a sense of humor
"Pay me 300 rupees to go feed my dog"
I never finished this game, should start back up on it again.
I think I had 2 of the elements last I played.
The bot says it's understandable you would replace Goombario, so it's automatically right.
BUT, it's still rando, so we'd appreciate y'all sticking around
I'm late... I've been a bit preoccupied
oh you know, your typical ch7 toy box
Goomba King Required too. 4 major items on partner checks
GK and Pokeys also required phanto274Smile
I put off lantern until the very end LUL
I was happy I got to do CH7 in go mode at least
guys, you love book or mario LUL
@Cats4ever you're a dog person, clearly
Make it a prediction. Who are you exactly? Followed by two nonsense answers.
How many gift cards are in Glenn's wallet
I only have a Starbucks gift card thats like
When using the dog food is something you seriously have to do in a randomizer.
Just wait until potsanity, if that isn't a thing already.
Well, I meant more like all pots. XD
I think it's just something funny about having random shit happen every time with these traps.
Did I look over and see a cucco getting yeeted into the river
I did find it funny in this game is that the revelation that Buisness Scrubs aren't actually trying to attack you, they just do it by accident when trying to talk.
Phantom! I got 1st in a 40 person Pokmon TCG local - went undefeated with Mew VMAX!
cant wait for the bot to start talking about TCG now LUL
Whoops forgot how to read lol
oh so that mmakes rando more acessible then
brazil minish cap rando when KEKW
The biggest wallet for no money
what the hell is that medal?????
've ever seen that damn thing
Link's dash looks like a Flintstones character running.
It's my first time seeing this rando, I don't know what is happening
I played when I was a kid, like 10 years ago
One day, the bot will say a sentance that makes complete sense and has appropriate grammar and we will all be amazed.
The bot sometimes puts too many thoughts into a sentence. Its like a hyper kid.
How do you like this rando? Any cutscenes?
Someday, Paper Mario will catch up to Zelda.
that was the first clip I did from your stream
I have no idea who that is and I played that game as a kid lmao
Sorry from the clip in BN6
He is called Hack Jack or The Count
Komari: Phantom, try this lotto code KEKW
was that your first jpn run?
oh the but blue again 
whats the legality with emu speedruns being allowed but not flash carts?
I saw that metroid fusion requires a reset too
like BN allows flash carts but BN is a very special case LUL
komari said he asked fatkid a year and he said its fine
1-3 have single segment runs too
I think dinglez is the only one to have SS on bn3 lol
I hope the switch collection is good, I've only ever played 6 so it looks like an easy opportunity to try them all
since they added mod cards I feel alot better about dropping 60 bucks
What are mod cards again? It's been so long since I've played I have to refresh myself
Ahhh, E-reader stuff that makes sense
all the stuff we never got Sadge
and another 20 for shipping LUL
for example with that mod card you get first barrier, buster charge destroys enemy chipp, and fixes HP bugs, but you lose 5% of your max HP. To give you an idea of how they work.
the big one for BN5 just gives you 20 bugfrags lol
there are free zenny cards too
I love that this area is just Z1 music and sounds
Is it only chests and important checks or are kinstones also involved?
@Axl_SR ..... WHY AM I JUST REALIZING THIS ? ? ?
I just got here after an all nighter of drawing
So it's go mode when you get all 4 elements right?
so is it fast DHC or normal
At least you can spin a lot
what happenes if I win slots phantom birdup in komaris chat?
that's... not what you want to see
I feel that the food should heal you
2 hour no ocarina propokM  ouch
boomerang is fantastic in link's awakening, at least
So, can redeem a rando for Crystal or Minish Cap, right?
The Biggest wallet for so much money
I N T E R E S T I N G
you willed that one into existence
Palace of Winds can fly away propokYEP
but what if beanstalk is ocarina?
I still should probably learn to speedrun fusion
I saw :o I learned this rando casually after playing it vanilla years ago. It's very fun movement and complex enough without it being glitch after glitch and not painful on the hands
name a cooler item or equally as cool as Cape
wait, how did you know that was the right pillar?
They didn't move the last element to the cloudy tops
Don't let the Rando affect you in the speedruns
start with king, then top 4 chests last
I haven't notice about dark clothes, looks cool
Too much effort, don't you know?
Imagine if every clone has a different color
this is one of my fav Hyrule Castle themes
how is the tiny/big stuff going?
Oh that's cool, I forgot how awesome the spin is
how long's the timer on the last bell?
Long enough for Link to stop Vatti on time
Wild you can just stand here and cheese the whole thing
Damn I can't even fuck with that redemption either to get it back
I'm cycling jenet onto my team
Just have to learn the harrier delays
I'm gonna make you play this game as soon as I get up there
literally all 3 of your chars are top tier or borderline
I just had komari in a call, was showing him my OG 20 year old gregar save LUL
it was a solid file, 160 standards, 30+ megas, 18 PAs. He thought my navicust was pretty good for a casual lol
Basically you want your main link to be one of the middle 2 clones, not the side
I consider Glitchless a category you never reset unless you: 1) Die, 2)Get grabbed by hands in Fortress, 3) get grabbed by hands in Palace
TGHs is basically a perfect run
Mine is kinda Entertaining because TGH was on coms to help explain things, but it's kinda bad
(says it was bad yet it was WR, and currently 2nd)
just cuz it's WR doesn't mean it wasn't bad
I don't consider any Glitchless run I've done to be good
I say that cuz I watched the new Summoning Salt last night
This is a hard category to be optimal in, way more than any other category in this game, it's brutal
I have yet to do a good speedrun YEP
It wasn't a good run but I am still happy with how well I did for that rf5 marathon run tho
Cause that was entirely improvised routing within 2 days LOL
I love that a good chunk of MC runs, you're on death's door
Glitchless you got to learn all the hearts pots
at this point, it how we say hello to one another
I have them all on the notes on our knowledge base
I know every magic drop in WW pretty much
I pretty much wrote or rewrote everything on the wiki
Yeah you can save like 10-20s with the correct movement
Manip guarantees 0 ink to save 30s-1min
Not super required until sub 2:30
I also manip the fuck out of DHC because Darknuts and vaati
Manips really are only needed in this category to go for WR
GL on the run today! phanto274GL
well shit I accidentally wasted 10 dollars
I forgot to put in the discount code for registering at the con MWSF is at
Honestly the amount of time you spend learning manips can be spent on practicing any sections that need improvement
My menu's are also atrocious for my times
There are about 80 menus on any% and I think just over 100 in Glitchless
sorry man havent been making it to streams been super busy at school
I watched some randomizers on youtube tho
life always happens and we always appreciate the people who be showin up
I did not get an ad
I never played this game its N64 tho right?
most importantly he has a giant DK plush
Also btw I normally analyse active runners splits to let them know which splits are outliers for easiest improvement, if you don't mind you'll get a DM soon
was mostly asking about nintendo consoles but cool to hear you got playstations
I love when communities just try their best to get everyone up to speed as much as possible
WW I had to pry for that shit before alberto picked up categories lol
I want to speedrun it's been a dream of mine for a while now I just cant seem to figure out what to speedrun
cause a game like odyssey would be super cool but I just cant compete with the players rn
and who know u might get really good after awhile
I recently bought a capture card so thats a start
I wanted to speedrun for like 5 years and didn't start until 2020
I got into it because I played randos and like Minish Cap so much
ive tried nsmbw and I think thatll be my first game
But yeah you don't compete with WR, you do a run that finishes and then that is your competition for next run
you are one of a few that do LUL
if not that then terraria cause ive played that too much and why not
only games I speed run is resident evil cuz there always a trophy for it
I'd like to compete with someone but I've never played a game that's allowed me to
I've yet to have a rando I like racing in Sadge
I'm good at SD I just don't like it lol
Did you miss the red rupee?
Most of the people initially helping though went to BotW rando and never came back after that was done
So it's like just 3 people
You don't need extras for the mushroom
Yeah you are missing a red rupee pot at the end of crenel
Thanks tgh for teaching me info about this run and I dont even run it
They beat multiple split times in my human theory tas
i'm really impressed with my fusion runs lately
I just have to remember what checks I can and can't do in each sector without movement
The all essence run sucks ass
mario dabbing would be a sick win LUYL
Ages is a credit warp lol
yesterday I was rewatching the sunday race and saw Adam just hammer peach duplighost. Didnt know you could skip the hallway
Im good, I got a modded GBA and my gamecube got fixed
time to learn a new trick
I just joined the rando discord
Spears do a whole heart of damage
I gotta count some sheep goodnight everyone gl on runs phantom
I wanna take a nap tho, I woke up after 4 hours of sleep my neighbors sprinkler leaking spraying a fucking geyser over my room
I went out to check it out and someone was walking their dog and said good morning. I turned to the geyser and asked, "Can you tell me whats so good about this morning?"
That death cost way less time than I would have thought considering it seemed bad
Ah yes good old swampy Dagoba wait wrong world Kappa
I mean it's not great LUL just less bad
i'm glad that in rando all the statue kinstones are the same
open kinstones and rupee shuffle is really funny for checks
yeah we are working hard on 0.7 atm
Myth did you ever see when TGH softlocked himself in between the armos and the hole in the ground?
The armos was like, ehhh imma just stop right here...
its also really funny because the original discoverer of Ocarina Glitch did the same thing in 2007
who needs a cape when you have boots
Simply conjure them into the OoT hover boots
the rando dev that makes the game hacks made a hack to make the ALTTP Hover Boots trick work in TMC
just time save for next run LUL
I finally have enough creds to submit an rando seed
able to catch a run OOOO
i'm saving for a diamond 
My eyes have lost their sight. I should have never given into my curiosity and looked up Goombario fan art only to come across the rule 34 side of Goombario. phanto274Smile
doing good ice, hope the same for you
got my stuff situated for SGDQ
I wanna play kof but nobody in the mn server is responding Sadge
@iceblue Just imagine Goombario hooking up with Goombella is all I am going to say LUL
Is this game supposed to fall into the toon link universe/timeline
@iceblue I can never I see that LUL
Goombario also does and she doesn't meet them
@Iceblue Lets go, getting mine sorted too now
Thanks Rune for pinning that LUL
If I get a ride I'd show up for like a day to hangout but idk how I'd get to the cities without jibca
ill be there from the 27th - 5th
I would be 29th at the earliest cause I ain't missing combo breaker
You can just close your eyes
oh sick, we should meet up sometime
im probably getting like 5 minutes of sleep all week
phantom how much do you enjoy sleeping when you're at cons?
cause it's probably gonna be another one of those, im coming into the room at 7am and can't manage to be quiet trying to move around the room
Hey phantom and chat, how're you?
I won't be able to watch for very long (I've got a league race in 15 minutes) but phanto274GL on the TMC Glitchless -> Rando
I am here for a very brief period of time
hello here for a very brief period of time
I remember playing for the first time, saw the big key and I thought, "wow I'm glad this dungeon is short"
I played the worst dungeon in the game
Royal Crypt gets +100 Social Credit for having Zelda 1 music and sfx
all aboard the chu chu train monadoBirthday FeelsBirthdayMan
Ant enemies and Darknuts are the worst in this game
their horns do recoil damage when you slash them
also fun fact, they have a 3d hitbox, so when you do glitches to get onto layer 2 and walk over the walls, they are still solid and push you about
ToD 2nd half has the most potential for time save due to the enemy rng
I do see timesaves like that
i'd rather have a party full of goombarios than fight this guy :P
this boss isn't that bad once you do the manip
its mostly 1 ink like this fight though
this is very standard manipless fight
old routes used to get rock breaker and dash attack after boots
the cutscenes are just too slow though
Is there a category other than 100% to have all sword techniques?
its a brutal category, its all the hard any% tricks, plus others, and its all condensed down to 45 mins
yeah firerod is a different game
Oh hell yeah I want to start with Roc's Cape
firerod bomb route is done for WR and is insane, so hard
firerod sword route is really fun, we do races of it
firerod itself isn't complicated, it just lets you copy and paste tiles, we can also modify tiles to another type
what is wild is how we break the game with it
legit my favorite theme in this game
I also love the credits theme but in terms of proper in-game music
come over here and jump to your death skyfish
wow this environment is so varied you do the same thing like 5 times...
there are swordless kill strats for these fights
I need to document the improved cloud tops route
we have some consistent fight setups and save a few tornado transitions
Happy 3.1415/the day Krabs fries everyone
sibling told me it was pi day when I asked what day it was. I forgot it was pi day. I was too excited to say it was the day that krabs fries
I know nothing about this game other than it is a handheld zelda
yeah the setup we do makes that jump completely free
in NA this game is unknown because DS was out before this
like 90% of the runners are EU
I did a really scuffed pape seed last night, and I don't know if I should vent about it or save it to redeem at 30k channel points
in NA, DS released 2 months before this
also EU version of this is broken lol
JP/EU release was Nov '04, NA was Jan '05
don't make clones here its so slow
bomb strat is so much faster and easier
EU has a few exclusive glitches we don't have applications for in any category
also a lot of visual glitches with the lantern
if only you had that 3/4 of a heart
they're just highly caffeinated kool-aid as far as flavor is concerned
gyorg is really complicated, it takes so long to understand all the components and get used to all the different variables
Time for Link to have the worst reaction time
fun fact, I was checking my splits in this cutscene one time and accidentally hit my emulator reset hotkey
I don't have a reset hotkey anymore
I play on switch now anyway
it's probably the most accurate GBA emulator out there
its slightly faster than GBI/Emu, slightly slower than WiiU
why didn't Ezlo tell you to dodge?
The switch version is a dream to play
honestly we have no precise measurements but all the timing differences amount to no more than 10s
Wii U saves are broken and are instant
Switch saves are like 1s for some reason? still pretty fast
timing is complicated because every screen transition is unique and variable
community agrees axecution always makes up for more than 10s in any category so we put all console versions together
Ok I got all the shit with jenet fully down
people thought Wii U was REQUIRED for going for WR when it first came out, Wii U has held record for about 1 month total in the last 5 years
herrier delays are annoying but nothings too hard
Vlack had record for the longest time in modern history, they are on emu which is tied speed to GBI
timing comparison is slightly flawed, it does 1 or 2 different transitions about 30 times, so its only data for those transitions but not the several other hundred we do in a run
I have the recording available, I should actually do an analysis
we dash in the room before as a setup, makes it so much easier
Ganon is my favorite Ganondorf rip off vatti sucks
28.95, I think its still a 28
I was walking in the rain from school lmao
Is there even a minish rando
Myth, it's 3 hits, 2 hits, and 2 hits for vaati 3, right?
So in 100% is the last item Link's cap?
okay I saw 3 hits first cycle
I normally don't like super sweet things
But god that churro is really good
@Ohrocks hundo ends on mirror shield
I haven't tried the dark roast actually
hundo is fun for about 3:20
then its 40 minutes of pain
have you tried gourmet french toast?
interestingly there is a missing item taking up the item ID between blue sword and four sword, so potentially there was another sword that was planned and then cut
btw you are using 0.7-rev3 for the rando right?
It sounds like a 64 game
btw you want deoxis' "Alpha" tracker, the others aren't up to date
We don't tolerate childish behavior here
Im old enough for the wii
Trying to think of wii games that use lots of flute element to their music
yeah the new version has serious performance issues
with autotracking its not that bad but its understandable
Granted, it's been like... 18 years
we haven't tested 0.7 on GBI, though the rando has been played on various consoles in the past (including GBI)
"Ive unlocked all sub badges" Too bad Ill never see them
so TMC rando race at GDQ? :O
Maybe 0.7 will finally be out before then
Is this gonna be another game where I watch you play a rando of it and try it myself without playing the original lolol
yeah those dumb devs need to get working on the rando, who do they think they are
NSO+ is honestly the best way to play
jabber is useless once you get flippers btw
Oh you dont start with the sword LMAO
yeah flippers instantly moves the guy
yee 0.7 added bread to the pool
if you have access to an area that requires "talking to someone" to make it happen then its completed once you have the requirements
Library if you have ocarina, Town guard with Sword+Spin or Cape or Flippers, Town dog with Cape or Flippers or Cane
this curtain opens after beating DWS or after bombs
this cave is awful without items
automash in rando is so nice
quickwarp and homewarp are handy too
Thanks Phantom, I've picked out my madrinas flavor tonight
You gonna hold B for six minutes? Sounds like some NES BS.
personally I think goron merchant set to 1 set and cucco game set to 0 are fun settings
I also really like the new grabbable items from a distance option
its a patch change, its set to allowed by default which doesn't change logic, you can set it to not allowed or make it required in logic
Okay, it's almost time for the z1r 8 year anniversary race
no ezlo boxes is really noticable after just doing a run
do you have wind crests open?
max random settings :O (don't actually do that)
map and compass don't do anything currently
yeah there are too many ideas honestly
need to figure out what the best choice is
BK position is random, and you don't want to know how hard it was to make that work
I had to completely re-write the shuffler to get it to not cause issues with seed generation
yeah we were getting crazy high seed failure rates in the past
We had like a 85% failure rate at first =S
latest tests put failures at something like <1%
with random settings, so you do get some terrible stuff
set it to 10 rounds for maximum fun
gust jar isn;'t usable in the doorway but lantern is
oh the barrel, yeah its gust jar only
do you have DHC red warp on? I'd totally recommend it if you have DHC boss key on requirements
yeah that one saves like 5 or 6 minutes of boring outside section in DHC
FYI Melari counts as "in CoF", so it will be barren
Cave of Flames is as barren as Jada Pinkett Smiths soul and Will Smiths conscience.
personally I like oot for how active she is and spirit tracks for her fun character and dynamic with link
worst is TP Zelda. All she did was have hair the wrong color and get possessed
Its amusing how this town is a mash of random characters from OoT, MM, and WW.
Zelda has very strong reincarnation themes
Link farted and lost a heart because of his hemorroids.
the waterfall on the left of north field
I dont know enough about this game to know whats going on
I'll probably just shut up and watch
I like how everytime I transfer money from Paypal it immediately puts a knife to my neck with "WANNA INVEST IN CRYPT0 MY DUDE?"
hey phantom remember the time I was the rival in crystal and you beat me up TWICE for no good reason? Well...
yes it DOES, I got revenge, shut your face
dude you had blue flames on you
so I'm adding a setting before 0.7 full comes out to replace all major items with curse traps
just dont turn on the setting
dude those cats bapped the shit outta you
you mean so much garbage here right
why is there so much food? does it restore hearts??
food is added to the pool as "Fun Junk"
everyone says to make it heal so we have it on our to do list
yes we had tingle trophy but what about SECOND tingle trophy
Is this a better rando than pape
@pethanct01 no this rando sucks (I would know I'm a dev, rando is terrible)
yeah who even plays this rando
That sound reminds me of Mario 3 when you use the whistle. LUL
I didn't robots could forget things
@ScrambledDragons pretty sure thats the exact reference
the flute sound came from zelda1
It is the exact reference, GB Zeldas tend to borrow enemies and other properties from Mario
lady bow isnt in this game phantom
One of the artists I follow posted getting the new 6 star in arknights 5 times in a single 10 roll and I haven't gotten her in 50 rolls :(
you just got bow, generally its not bad to follow the most recent item you found
bow only locks stuff in swamp and fortress
bet at least one is in wind ruins
nope, you have to complete the fusions to open wind tribe upper floors
I'm playing pokemon sword right now and...it is way better than Arceus
What else do you need for go mode?
yeah you should never put off dungeons you can finish
countless times I've seen people put off octo waiting for go mode, then last location their last sword there
y'all got thoughts/opinions on Phantom Hourglass and Spirit Tracks?
blue chu requires all 4 keys, or it will locks its own key
makes it rarely worth doing unless you have 4 keys
I enjoy phantom hourglass beside the controls
depends on your settings, I'm assuming you have reachability set to default (All non-keys are reachable)
glitchless and rando have a lot of transferable skills
four sword you can 1 cycle without greatspin
its possible to 1 cycle with green/red/blue sword and a spin attack but its super tight and really only viable for TAS
I have done it RTA in practice and a manip was made but its all too slow or too unreliable
octo likes swords what can I say
progressive spin scrolls means they always go Spin> Fast Spin> Fast Split > Greatspin > Long Greatspin
and yeah the sword getting knocked off you during that cutscene is just a bug, we don't know exactly why it happens
if you are on 4/5 then you normally find it clearing falls and cloud tops
especially in the rupee cave here
what is the visible item in music house?
I keep forgetting that is grabbale with gust/ magic boomerang now
why do you need big scary claws to get through clouds
ok I have never played this game, so this is a genuine question
why the fuck is there so much bread????
junk items I get. but why is it a bunch of rolls of brioche?
brioche/croissant/pie/cake all have the same random chance of being junk
"How come you are not MegaMan right now?" Komari: Basically we are AquaMan right now cause MegaMan ate too much and got wasted so we had to find the asprin water. Cheer100
no one in the speedrun community knew about this cave until rando dev found the room id
it has a useless blue kinstone, so it didn't invalidate the hundo runs of the time, unlike DK64
it had the firerod this whole time
its the dig cave in north lake
throught the bomb wall you already opened
its hitting like 15-20s for me
did you go back for lake cabin? I didn't see
no the minish check in cabin
1st sword was town dig cave, so yeah all the swords in town/lake
you cant just jump over the blocks?
yeah key count is tight, you need minimum of 4 for gyorg
can't really skip things in this dungeon unless you get BK and 4 keys on the rupees
this spot is grabbable from later in the dungeon so you hope to always skip it
you can get it with gust jar
this sucks if BK was on wizrobes
thanks now I want burger king even though it's burger king
yeah a key was on wizrobes
oh did you skip the grate?
well now you need 5 small keys for gyorg
So some random E-girl hit my DMs and asked if I wanted to buy her nudes. I told her that I already have a partner and plus if I wanted to, I was broke. She kept pushing, going on and on about how cheap they were, and that the lowest shell go is 3.50$. Then I realized that she was a 8-stories tall Mauisaurus from the Cretaceous era, and I said Dammit Loch Ness monster! I aint giving you tree fiddy!
don't bother with the vanilla big chest because it will just make you need 6
you can hop down the ledge to make clones again instead of riding the platform
^knowledge of someone who failed this room too many times
there is a big chest in the dark room too
sory I missed it what is bugged bout chuchus
@RubixTheSlime won't see any more, their electricity effect is very broken and cycles some bugged sprites
4 on that cloud, but its tight, any higher is slower than just climbing up normally
gyorg in rando is actually a joke
greatspin for blues and downstrike on the eyes makes it legit free
why does this look like a boss that I tried to erase from my memory
FYI downstrike means you don't need to make clones
Lets get phantom to speedrun pokemon channel gcn
yeah its identical to glitchless DHC
except you have more hearts, scrolls and butterflies
yeah the big chests for map/compass are very on the way
I skip king because hedging my bets it saves time on average
1 in 9 seeds I'm wrong
if it is a small key and BK is vanilla is also very slim chances, putting king off until last is seconds slower than doing it first
I wonder if there was a small in blade chest
this used to be the race settings for DHC so people got really used to the meta hunt for BK
got a bit boring so its rewarded for getting 4 Elements and Four Sword now
we are changing them up as we speak
the old race settings are a preset in the presets
most people are EU and complain its too late
we have one guy from pacific that does them regularly
hope you like the frankenstein V1 we have in Rando, its got the pots and small eye health from JP/NA and the Main Boss health/cycles from EU (3 instead of 5)
We also know each other IRL coincidentally
greatspin works the same as regular spin, but its a bit easier since you can greatspin into the red eyes
spin won't kill, its bugged and "Sets" vaati's health to a set value
thats a bug in all versions, its why we need to slash to kill
the health it sets is litterally 1hp, its way more "damage" than the spin should do
EU  Vaati 1 small eyes take 2 slashes to kill, and there are no pots, but the boss is 2 less cycles
you can turn off roll attack in the scroll menu
you can turn off any scroll
roll attack has some nice optimisations, especially without greatspin
rock breaker can be turned off for certain strats
I think the speed scrolls can't be toggled though, otherwise I would make some manips for fights
maybe try key sanity at somepoint
we have lots of key variations
you can choose just small and have bigs in their own
you can make them only in dungeons
we are trying to make it more accurate
but it never will be accurate because people save scum
I am not used to TMC meaning the minish cap LUL
Im having out of town relatives tonight so I may go into lurk mode
Oh hell yeah love the music
oh on my casual falzar I started I got the fire hit PA before blastman LUL
im not sure either, It missed cause I was in the back row lol
all I know is it does 300 dmg
its a DEF code, so not like you could airshot counter in the first turn
oh code, BN4 is the worst
there is only like 2 mono code PAs
and one of them is piledriver
I almost ruined an art project today because I spelled life wrong
how are you feeling about TMC rando?
gl on the run today. Any plans for other zelda games?
Awesome, I never saw this one before now 
Will it be pape next week?
Just having a nice break from it. Definitely sounded like you needed a break from it.
yeah I took a break for a little while
Would you do another 101% for pape again? That was interesting to watch
Fair, it was a good 6 hour watch though 
I love the name Minish Maker
Oh nice wasn't sure the twitch incentive
Well if you do ttyd or other pape games and other zelda games beside oot and mm I'm interested.
I've never watched that one being run. I think I tried to play it once. Is that with the wolf thing?
Ah yep the dark cloud things creeped me out
Sounds good keen to watch it.
How was yesterday's rando? Didn't get to watch it
Is there option to turn off the rupees being rando?
I didn't know you spoke Japanese, Phantom. Kappa
But I mean, if you can read you can speak it. Kappa
people need to know the difference
A Book of Mario Playthrough!? PogChamp
I patched it, wanna play it. But not sure if ill stream it
It's game like these that make me appreciate the little things.
That's the best part. It wasn't meant to be. LUL
I cant find the biology teacher aid phanto274Rage
oh I forgot to go to the teachers louge LMAO
imagine spending your whole day fishing and just giving a fr3sh caught fish to a random kid
even ice boxes are connected to the internet...
what could go wrong is such a world?
Did you remember to not PB by too much last time? Kappa
ice box I drew rflectr1, cannon, machgun1, and atk+10
How many of these are we gonna have? LUL
the crisis isnt averted until the crisis theme is gone oh wait wrong game Kappa
I wish the penguin had a mugshot like Gow
I just finished watching your pape rando video you posted on YT with extreme settings dungeon entrance shuffle. I forgot how great that seed was LUL
I havent even been to seaside yet
@axl_sr try to keep your cool Kappa
Hey Phantom, hope the run is going well
Yeah I was going to say the same about where I live
but it's like 65, which is pretty cool
meanwhile windman has been hanging out where I am out with the 40+ mph wind gusts
e x c l u s I v e phanto274King
Tier 3's a bit rich for my blood, maybe one day
I'm only subbed to like 3 streamers, the other two are tier 1s
I dont know the patterns tho
Your vods help me sleep at night. You have a soothing voice and play games that I like *shrug*
I am like 90% thats most people
I cant stand my own voice
I get told that my voice is super soothing but EHH
I do callouts for my raid group in XIV and stuff
I did callouts for a 56-man raid once. it was like drinking liquid anxiety
Maybe someday I'll have an excuse to do something like that...
I should just put every ounce of my free time into being good at some video game 4Head
I was going to say, one day I'll be good enough at video games to speedrun legitimately
yeah like I enjoy the big's big world speedrun
Yeah see, I... don't know that I would lol
not just cause I helped route that. and helped see the potential in that game as a speedrun
I bought The Spyro Reignited Trilogy yesterday
I used to feel that way too. but then I found games that I actually WANTED to speedrun
still feel that way towards most others tho lmao
You are onto something bot LUL
100%'d Ripto's Rage since buying it, it took me ages. Mostly because I haven't played the game since I was like... 9?
I fucking hate that game now LOL
Yep Spyro was a great series bring back memories
but as great as the PS1 ones were, that's not where the greatest burn on moneybags was
I am CONVINCED that Hunter is outright malicious and orchestrated the entire thing
Part of the problem with speedrunning for me is the time commitment of doing a full-game run of most games
yeah same. that's why the two games I run are short. big's big world is 20 minutes at most, and i've done Wily Wars Wily Tower which is also about 20 minutes
I'm not even sure what I'd want to speedrun if I did
yup, thats why we have diveman KEKW
I want to do the 25 Robot Master run of Wily Wars which is an hour but I haven't yet. time is part of that reason lol
you also need to remember you don't HAVE to do the tricks if you don't want to.
I would most likely want to do 100% runs because I really enjoy the completionist aspect to gaming
I thought it was a meme at first now we have people that grinded like half a year lol
i'm not actually last in Wily Wars Wily Tower, tho
For a while, I enjoyed doing short IL-type runs but those tend to get super optimized and would probably hurt my hands
I think if I had to pick from a set of games to run, it'd probably be Hollow Knight or Crash 2/3
In general, the way my schedule often is, I wouldn't really want to be seriously doing runs of anything much longer than 2 hours
same Marioman or even 3 hours
I think I could sit and play games for upwards of 8 hours, but I just don't know if I could play the same game for that long in one sitting with no breaks
SMO is basically the only game I've ever attempted a full-game speedrun mostly for that reason
and the same segments of those games
And no way am I becoming anything close to top-level in a game as popular as SMO LUL
I used to raid in XIV for like 25-32 hours/week but oh my lord I simply cannot do it anymore
It is very fun, I might get back into it at some point, just haven't been playing many games in general lately
Metroid games are probably ones that I would love to speedrun, but same thing as what MarioMan said
Way too popular of a game
Metroid prime 1 rando is fast and fun taking at most 3 hours
I hated them at first, but I love the controls now. Remastered is good too and I will play it with the new controls, but
does it? Im playing remastered with original controls and love it
I gotta head to bed man have a good one
I certainly don't dislike the old controls
anyways i'm up from my nap and i'm hungry but I don't know what to get
granted I dont like twin stick shooter controls
Give me the joycons, I'm playing with Prime 3 controls
I wonder if nintendo had any idea how much of a meme that would become
Good call on swapping out the backs of the carts btw
I got a set of screwdrivers that included gamebit, and swapped them out. The JP cart worked, verified the N64 works
At this point in my life, I feel like there are things I'd rather be doing than getting good at video games that will be more beneficial in the long run
I then put them back on the right carts, and now the US one works too LUL
Me neither, I'm just gonna be happy they're working
Do we get dog skip this time
I think I'd rather use my existing coding skills to make something cool than develop my mediocre gaming skills
Yoooo G A M I N G
*walks into house* *puts out fire in fireplace* *says nothing* *leaves*
good dog rng, bad cat rng
Bruh, the 2 times I've joined your TMC streams, its been near this cat
Seems your superarmor program doesnt work when minish Kappa
rumor has it even TAS struggles with that dog KEKW
All the dog wants is some Dodge coin Kappa
so i'm looking at a sandwich place near me and they have a sandwich that literally has 3/4 of a pound of meat on it. I have no idea how you'd even take a bite of this thing
In other news, who changed our KEKW ?
where do you get the Adge timer?
Oh yeah it does, when you click on them
I got my paycheck right before a steam sale
yeah i'm about $20 before I get mine
and I can't run ads anymore. otherwise I ruin the 6h9m on my analytics for ads ran since my last payout lmao
It was on screen but no sound
Yeah it's the curse spirit from ttyd
is there a guide/tutorial for minish cap btw?
that reminds me, I was playing an emerald hack with digimon and the Botamon sprite is legit pogging
I don't think I've seen this one cheer75
I mean I have an amount of bits, I kinda just want to see ones that I haven't seen before ngl
Blue chu is A true boss indeed
That's some fast swinging sword there lol
Hopefully you can get octo manip this time around Kappa
big octo (he is actually smal)
at least its not 2 inks in a row
"You know what? I'll do this later actually"
I felt that in my soul
Hey! GLHF on runs ^-^ sorry I haven't been able to stop by the past few days, dead from work
Your hair at least seems relatively straight. The super thick, curly hair pain is that my ponytails/buns are enormous
Long hair secrets: only use shampoo on your roots
Apparently they don't teach this to people who AFAB on a general basis? Idk why it's just useful life knowledge
Why only the roots? I have super long hair and use soo much each time I wash it 
It opens up the cuticle and causes all the natural oils and everything to be rinsed out, which makes it dry and unmanageable
The only place you need shampoo is at the roots where the oil builds up from your scalp
Yeah shampoo is inherently like, not good for your hair
Wow that's interesting fact, I can sit on my hair if it's out. Thanks for the tip!
When my hair was really long (mid-calf) is only shampooed twice a week and brushed the oils through with a natural bristle brush the other day
Mine would be that long if I didn't cut it all off in a fit of dysphoria 3 years ago
Nooo it's painful sometimes it's thick and heavy causes headaches. I cut it often and it grows back so quickly
I couldn't even handle mine being mid-back length
how do you even sleep with it that long, it was tiring having to move it so I wasn't on it lol
That was back in my historical reenactment days. I had little girls approach me when I was dress in 14th century stuff and ask if I was Rapunzel
when I got my haircut recently it was literally a foot removed
It's summer at the moment here so it's awful hot, and being dark hair the heat lingers in the hair  long plaits kept it away otherwise a bun on top
I actually thought that npc was a tentacool when they looked away from the camera
"She took the kids... AND MY ARMS"
If "cut off my arms" "wasn't too bad"... what has the bot been through?
The best bot on this channel
I mean every other bots on other channels this is the best one out there haha
The only bot that has explicit permission to be here
and that really annoying bot, I think it's called Mirby_Studios
I need to learn the quick wizrobe strat
I'm sure there are some optimisations I could learn that carry over
Like that jump from the screen transition into the flippy thing down, that's brilliant
b o n k e d
Me with boomerang  the antifairy in this room
I also love how many enemy hotboxes Link can just roll through
That timesave with the bomb also delights me for some reason
My fav swag strat also uses bombs
Yeah you can throw a bomb through him 
There's also a way to cheese the hell out of this fight with downstrike, which doesn't really have applications in any% but is fun in 100% and rando
Wr pace requires you to constantly roll until your right pointer finger cramps
You got Vaati in the next 2 minutes ez
I won't stay for long cause I'm half asleep from early morning shift but GL get that sub goal!
I'm doing dandy man. How these speedruns going
Listen you green at least rofl
I've gotta plug in my phone but gl on the rest of run
Same bot you think you've checked something and it turns out it was progression and you missed it
a bit of a breakfast burrito of sorts
it's not meant to be one but they offered added egg
oh god that 7tv emote made that dark
oh my god I just realized why vaati 1 is such a pain in the ass
look i'm sorry this is all my fault
I called vaati out as being patra and he got MAD
true. wouldn't order from there again tho
it was kinda bland was the issue
I mean, SOB says you have 4 minutes of free timesave Kappa
Yoo Phantom! Just in time for the rando let's goo phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
boots nice looks like it will be fast
I honestly cant remember why baked goods do in this game
Was it you buy them for kinstones in vanilla? That seems to ring a bell
okay yep I looked it up it was random kinstones in each baked good
you should get revenge and use that for a chicken sandwich
enshrined in a very important area
you mean to tell me you don't want to fight a fast moving snake with a stationary explosive?
talon why the hell were you keeping your spare key so far away
I mean at least this is less questionable than breaking into his house to get it
well that just got better in a hurry
yes. this is minish village's theme
don't tell me temple of droplets is cloud tops theme tghSad
I accept your sacrifice of jumping off the edge
You've now opened up so many more potential baked goods!
new GB NES and SNES games
i'm watching the video now lol
lmao burgertime deluxe, the gameboy game EVERYONE was clamoring for
for SNES, a pool game called Side Pocket.
Oh yeah that's a big one
I don't know enough of the NES and SNES catalogue to know what they haven't put out yet
no difference between JP releases this update
so 1/4 decent games I guess lol
Okay game, I was JOKING about the baked goods phanto274Rage
Now the golden tektites will definitely die faster with the sword upgrades NiceSoftlock
Hi, I'm late as always. How is the run?
actually had a sword technique phanto274Hype
Obviously spinning with your sword out is a very advanced technique that only a master swordsman could teach
so you have to enter those entrances
even if the dungeon is difference
so still no temple of cloud tops tghSad
That's a lot nicer than trying to find where that dungeon is
I hate it cause I can hear that and I don't think of a coordinate on a chart and go monkaS
I think I know what you mean
that slice of pie is moving...
Honestly at this rate I just expect another pie or cake when you open a chest anyways
whats wrong with pie and cake lol
It would be neat if it restored like a heart of something in rando
I was lurking a bit, im just trying to support
So do the baked goods do literally nothing?
Bacon would show up the day my friend gets me a bacon sandwich from Dunkin. Crazy.
also, "French Vanilla Bow" excuse me? lol
its like your friend manifested my appearance
oh wow what a time for bow
that check could be 4 swords
Im definitely excited for Book of Mario. Hopefully the burnout will be reduced by the time we get there.
You were not happy with those randos. Definitely glad to see some diversity though so some good came from the burnout
This boss is probably the worst one I can recall in Zelda. Worse than Moldorm
Blue guy is so cheap. Seems you have to take a hit no matter what. Blue guy is cheap
Guess this game doesn't lock each trap to looking like one item
Dont make me look more foolish than I am auto-correct
*Vaati theme on boss where you have to shrink down*  "... he's confused, but he has the spirit"
Ok I got an actual session of jenet this time
I don't believe they nerfed jb that button is unfuckwithable
But now I at least know how to play yuri and jenet
I just need to learn mai before I move to your place
Anyways the person didn't like my jenet and quit after 5 so back to dnf labbing
these Swordmasters suck at handing out swords
Youve found enough bread to feed all of Vaatis army
Are the sword upgrades progressive? Or are they locked behind logic for cloning?
Okay so it really could be anywhere phanto274Smile
I would have thought the music here would be more somber given Vattis whole deal
it got serious for sec lol
the noises link makes in this game are fantastic
I don't know what's happening with the song,but I like it
bloody Four Sword was a trip
Don't forget the days when the day comes and it's ch 7 Jr in go mode is that only gives +1. literally useless against ice king
Don't forget the days when the day comes and it's ch 7 Jr in go mode is that only gives +1. literally useless against ice king weedMario
so i'm playing prime remastered, and I just one cycled omega pirate
phanto274GL phanto274Hype how are you phantom?
phanto274GL all the same, and most importantly try to hae fun phanto274Smile
i'm mentally preparing myself for an interview tomorrow
it's for a construction job, so here's hoping
Excited to catch a run live finally! Thanks for the uploads.
make sure to not accidentally LZS the ch6 card
in other news, i'm finally getting around to finishing my run of prime remaster
i'm mostly hoping that goombario is in a hilarious location
yeah close race and either sub 3 or plus 3:30
still waiting for the seed where he's in the ice
have you heard the hyrule warriors version of molgera?
I predict goonbarrow frozen in ice in the star stone room
doing alright. my dad turns 50 today
I forgot how much I hate vanilla phazon mines
I just ate where was watt?
Okay now toy box is open. Hype
Imagine moles like this irl. Throwing huge rocks at passerbys
I heard moles make a delicious sauce
mole sauce made from moles :(
I need a place to lurk
the cake for the wii u you say
I think Nintendo should give every one who bought a Wii U a cake
I think that's a good idea
i'll gladly take a free cake
I would get 2 cakes then yay
Lets hope theres something useless in the water in the jungle. Like a young goomba child for example
Especially since you don't have a flyer yet
hey hope I didn't miss to much
Im just here for some eye rolls Kappa
LUL I looked at bow as sushi on the tracker oooo shit
So just the worst possible checks left
Please stay calm, it's way too early in the seed to be tilted phanto274Bless
Two whole key items in desert shop? When has that ever happened?
Lazy man couldnt go buy his own lyrics?
At this rate, Pulse Stone could be go mode for ch2, that'd be nice
This seems to need a hints system so you arent double dipping twenty times
Have they said anything yet about it?
Personally I would have 3 star spirits by now
If its that type of seed, tubba probably has pulse stone
At least he gave you a refund
looks like I am a little late
I gotta run, but good luck with the rest of the race and this for the funny even number cheer41
what kind of controller do you use?
lmao they had an interview with Zachary Levi on the red carpet for the new Shazam movie and he went off about how he got addicted to playing Hades. what a nerd
I mean i'm not surprised. he literally has said one of the reasons he took the role of Flynn in Tangled was in the off chance it would be in Kingdom Hearts one day. which came to fruition
Heya fam. Hope the seed has been going well thus far :)
Which item you want to get the most right now?
I figured the worst possible scenario.
This seed wants you to play Minish Cap lol.
m4 is willing to reroll and start over if you want
yeah this seed is that bad
the only good thing about this seed is it hasn't forced goombario on you
this genuinely is the worst seed I've seen in a randomizer
How deep does this rabbit **** hole go?
So is everyone just having a bad time with this seed? LUL mx is just as upset
If you decide to re-roll you could always check the spoiler log once it opens up
all seeds can become beautiful flowers if you give them enough time to grow
yeah but this seed is a rafflesia
Yeah I would re roll this trash
not gonna lie was kinda hoping that was goombario just for maximum trash
@paperarioms this is the worst flower Ive ever seen
I wanna see that spoiler log
M4 found Scarf on Parakarry btw
"i needed to go back and get the third letter from toybox" is a wild sentence
See what happens when you dont play Zelda
Seeds need to be reviewed by a third party before a race
I was only here for like 30 mins and I could tell this seed was hot garbage
If you guys want a laugh immediately, I can throw you the spoiler text file
I had it in the background and I almost want this cursed thing just to see how bad
Youve been watching a log for the last hour. A log of shit
Oh, you canceled the race, the log goes live immediately
He was too distrscted by how bad this seed was
well, this certainly beats varia suit in sector 5 in terms of garbage
where was goombario so you could avoid him lmfao
Can't go up the mountain w/o boots
Its interesting watching a man get his soul sucked out by a video game.
Also the Storeroom Key was in the Ultra Boots block, Ultra Boots in the same sphere as ch8
So that wasn't even something to be found lol
oh look I'm on time 1st rando of the day
Grape flavored Bombette maybe new favorite Bombette palette
that's a lot of key items fr sale
is that 2 tubba key already
Game be like "alright you want keys? Here's your fucking keys"
Already better than last seed 
How much money do you need?
that's 9 key items in sphere 0 toad town
I guess odd key makes it shere 1 technically
All seeds are bad in one way or another.
How do the spheres work? I've heard them mentioned before but dunno what they do
any seed with roc's cape aint too bad lol
I thought it was 6. I'm learning something
toad town this seed was better than the entirety of the first hour of the last seed
What helps Minish rando is early flute. Does that exist?
Im thinking bike from Crystal rando, whoops.
Really surprised they haven't added the fast travel item to rando like they did in Paper Mario: Master Quest
Crystal rando's fun, I should do some again sometime
At least there's Homeward Shroom and always Speedy Spin
They need something in this that makes it seem like less of a soog.
Homeward Shroom is nice, but the warp item lets you warp to anywhere on the map in Master quest
How are you doing today Phantom?
what if you had the ability to warp to any save block youve touched, kinda like how hollow knight has bench warping for rando
You'd have to visit the location first to do so though, but yea it's really nice for backtracking stuff.
What about ultra boots/hammer from the beginning only in overworld?
They need to do something. These seeds seem like slogs.
Ocarina in Minish cap help a lot, in OOT having bottle/ sword and shield early opens a lot
jungle care package tree. literally have seen anything like that before
Yea, top loading vs bottom loading is iffy. I prefer bottom loading imo
backfilling is also what I call *redacted*
Been considering doing rando of Paper Mario. Been learning OOT / Earthbound Rando
how many checks are Kooper locked? like have to use Kooper?
As long as you don't get Boots first
and that one check in 1 too
And a few scattered checks, but most of those can also be gotten with Super/Ultra Boots
this seems like a more open seed
LUL you guys are best buds
Did you save spoiler log to see if it would ever get better?
Hahahahah omg I mean you didnt want to do a 5 hour race?
I think Kent is a great name for a huge koopa
Yeah, thats was shocked by that
Was there also something in Harry's shop or did you already buy everything there?
Such a waste double dipping Store like that
@allegrenix You dont want to hear what he says about Goombario
Were there even any of the keys you can use yet?
Whoa, can't remember the last  time I saw someone jumping over those firebars in Rando...
At least Mega Rush was also there?
If you can put on both Last Stand and Mega Rush, it could be workable
I noticed you upgraded FP first, was there a reason for that?
Do you think it will spoil. Sushi does go bad quickly
Water Block would be nice for this fight
Oh man I always forget about that upgrade block and room
That would be nice for rare time I need some coins
I fell asleep, where was Laki?
My last league seed we got a lot of power really quickly. Ultra Stone being sphere 0 made getting both volcano upgrades pretty worth
Even Super Blooper at level 2 wasn't hard somehow
You know what would be cool?
Thr 2 other times I have asked that question, that was the answer
I didnt realize how nice having a shooting star for that fight was for the little bloopers until last weeks weekly
1FP Outta Sight, 4FP Mega Bomb, usable P-Up + Power Rush...
Weird that you're beating 5 first
Oh man, that list tells me this seed has been 100x nicer than the first phanto274Smile
lvl 7 piranah is terrifying lol
Would it have been worth to Water Block for Peril there?
Could be good for Dark Koopas?
I feel like that's the main other place Sushie is good
Pulse Stone or Weight as go mode for 3...
i'm dealing with a customer who is mad at the prices of the cars because some people don't make a lot of money. like i'm aware of that, I can't do anything about that, like what do you want me to do lol
You don't want to be able to see the Mystical Key in your inventory?
I'm still probably more annoyed by Merle who stops you a whopping 4 times on the same screen YEP
merle could be an item in his house lol
That would take the number of times he stops you from 4 to 0, so yes
Oh does open prologue open the fortress? That makes way more sense, I thought it was the sewer block for some reason
what battle is progression locked behind
what's the worst that could happen
Don't worry guys, he just got 1-capped, bad rng Kappa
Nice I made it in time but not too late to see mister206Gombidious
I love this guy too! BatChest
He lifted that jar with his mustache.
Thats a low blow passing by him LUL
dont you already have the key for the windmill?
Hear me out, what if Merle just gave the item when you walk into the room and you didn't even need to walk to his house?
Oh, I have a poe as a sub badge. Definite upgrade from Ghost Rider.
An interesting seed then without supers this long
but we may not have to see goombario again right? or am I stupid...
mister206Gombidious is enjoying your suffering this seed watching you walk by him
If only you had hammer throw phanto274Thonk
Trev if only he had goombario
Goombario would have carried this seed
I take it anti guy time?
That just leaves one thing, right?
You mean Jr. Troopa when he was a baby? Kappa
I heard if you take bloomers super shroom and egg and cook it, it will give you all missing items
I have heard that Goombario knows and sees all but you have to pick him up Kappa
Its time like this that only make one hate the Yoshi kids even more and want to leave them to die in the jungle LUL
if there was a way to make Yoshi kid check a setting. I would always have it off
aren't you glad you stopped the last seed to get this one?
this seed kind of reminds me of the rando vid you posted of backtracking the seed Kappa
If I had the points and knew the seed Id give you a like sun 230 fast seed
Im not going to say what Im thinking now but this is about to be scuffed
race rules, where laki jumps are allowed, but not in the place that it matters
Would you not do sgdq if it is acce0ted?
half the bullshit, double the get shit done
So I lost half the games' worth of prodgress when I accidentally closed metriod fusion at the final boss
I love the cooperative aspects like that
it's one reason I loved doing LttPR Multis
The number of checks vs number of needed items is also way too high
Yeah, sounds like dropping the league and taking a long break is in order. I enjoy watching this game as much as the next guy but it's not worth throwing away your mental health for a video game. Take care of yourself, man!
I just need to actually play more fusion rando to have a backlog of uploads
Yooo Phantom! How are you doing? Are you still in the race or is this a new seed? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Why dont you start a co op tournament??
Well good luck either way then phanto274Bless
I think a hint system is desperately needed to help with that
That's one thing I liked about the mukomo tracker
Pay 50 or whatever coins for a hint
yeah there's definitely options there to, or things like open prologue
it also just adds to sphere 0 which I think helps things be different
its not even like ch2 is that open without keys, you still need what, 4 things to beat it? boots, portrait, parakaary, and logically bow
allowing pulse stone skip would also be great
2 you still need the 4 stones
Did you find Rocs Cape yet?
there is turning off keysanity already I guess
yeah it doesn't work as well with this game
Any Zelda is a good example. Its Zelda.
I think, if you want a new take on PM, then PMR is fine. But if you're looking to speedrun a randomizer, you're better off with zelda and metroid
what if keys werent consumed on use, so chapters 1 2 and 3 each just required 1
I'd like to see a "triforce hunt" mode to this game with maybe the star spirits so you don't have to clear every chapter
How many checks does race settings TMCR have?
I know ALTTPR is 216 checks, even on advanced race settings
Which is less than half of PMR, at a similar count for needed items
having a good way to do less than 7 start spirits could be interesting as long as it doesn't screw up leveling too much
If you do less than 7 you should probably start above level 1, or adjust xp multipliers
In the Zelda randos, you dont have to finish all of the dungeons most of the time because medallion in OoT and Crystals in aLttP are the required items.
yeah I think cutting down on full clearing and seed times would make a big difference
I know this great lawyer who can help you finalize your divorce with Goombario. His name is Toads worth Esq Kappa
Is Trevbonk a tsundere for Goombario?
Hoping I got that term right.
What tool do you usually use to scrap the bottom of the barrel?
Also I'm sorry, when I wished for 3:30+ I didn't mean to do this to you and certainly not two seeds in a row
If this is a blue key seed on top of this then this is horrible for you but a dream come true for us Blue Key lovers
Does Minish Cap have Triforce hunt?
What about pape black pit or whatever its call
The seed is now officially trolly with vanilla quick change
I dont know why, but I get a kick out of watching those.
You can always do vanilla master quest Kappa
What are the differences between PM MQ and Pro Mode again
Is this OoT master quest you are referring to. The one with the cow heads in Jabu Jabu?
Not to mention Goombario is a beast with ironbonk
You can also be like everyone on twitch and play sm64 or hottub stream LUL
Or you could be a human
none of the above, be a magical RPG creature
Perhaps one day we can see crystal hell mode settings
Maximum sight for spinners? They can become like Jesus walking on water LUL
Man, this seed sure is slow, huh?
Are you looking forward to the new zelda?
If you didnt like BotW, I would think about skipping it.
Also Zelda soundtracks can be fire
if you can't fly at least as amusingly as windbombs allow, i'm out
I'm in the same boat. I get bored of open world stuff. I just want story and more linear games
See, my experience with Zelda is limited to WWHD and BotW
And I enjoyed the latter more
I walk into the living room today and my sister was playing botw and I asked why the fuck is link on a motercycle
Windwaker is a bit of an anomaly. Still good though
I like open world because when my attention goes 15 different ways in 3 minutes i'm still making progress the whole time
I loved the dungeons and gadgets in Twighlight princess
I only ever played the Wii version of tp, wasn't too hot on the motion controls. maybe it's better with an actual controller
Manley on Youtube did a good video on that game. I didnt finish TP, couldnt get into it.
yeah it had multiple interesting items that were different from normal zelda
I think traditional Zelda just may not be my cup of tea
BotW might have been better for me if it had the Hookshot
I loved the dual interface with Wii U TP. Easier controls and more at your disposal as you play
It's a little weird that the GC and Wii versions are mirror images of each other, but it makes sense why
I got the remaster so I may give Toilet Paper a second chance.
botW definetly would benefit from more gadgets in general
It rewards you with exploration and like Durians lol
yeah. I did like that bombs were replenishable though
I spent a bunch of time hunting those bastards down
Probably depends if one is an instrinsic or extrinsic player. I hate open world because I need a carrot on a stick in front of me in video games
no I agree it is fun for me though I think it is just a different kind of game...
Shrines, divine beasts, the pearl powers, seeds. I found plenty to explore.
but not much was worth it ya
Most shrines were better dungeons than the divine beasts were. Sad they were all so short
the mastersword trial was worth it only because all the other weapons kinda suck..
I guess I'm more of an intrinsic player then, I don't like a lot of RPGs bc I often don't care about the story and feel nothing from seeing big numbers on screen
yeah, I didnt like that you didnt like, get any meaningful upgrades, the closest thing was a couple of outfits that you get from shrines that can be considered upgrades like the rubber armor and climbing gear, but still
but even then, those arent required things at all
Do you wanna upgrade stamina, so Link can do most basic tasks w/o running outta stamina, or hearts so you can pull out the Master Sword
Meanwhile, I enjoy games like BotW and SMO bc I find their base mechanics inherently fun
the movement in odyssey is also just so much fun
even the main dungeons in BotW are extra
Yeah, SMO's up there as one of, if not my fav game of all time
To add to the weapon issue, 9 times outta 10, you broke a buncha shit getting to the reward which likely isn't worth the stuff you broke
yeah, I really didnt like that choice
I would've much rather have them be required but could be done in any order
BotW is a great game if you bypass half the mechanics with glitches
ya they made a great world imo but flubbed the like primary gameplay loop?
it would be even better if you COULD get to gannon, but the fight was just unwinnable because you didnt defeat the divine beasts
lmao. botw, break of the weapon
I was mad to find the Guardian's gear also broke. I think they'd be worth a damn if that gear and the Master Sword didn't break
Didn't mind that aspect, but losing strong weapons was always a bummer
why should/would I get attached to any weapon when the damn thing's gonna break
I don't fathom why people gas breakable weapons as a GOOD thing
another thing that had me burned was a lackk of enemy variety
yeah otherwise why would I use my strong weapon if that means I lose it
thats also the same system in fucking FONV
people often tried to excuse the durability mechanic by saying "well that's how it works in Fire Emblem," to which I say "you know that just makes me even less likely to try Fire Emblem, right?"
no aand you didn't even play master mode so stfu lol
yeah, I wanna break this cool (no pun intended) Great IceSword I found on some random ass moblins
And the new games don't have durability at all
or robbed 30 corpses of their weapons
I dont agree with mist of the complaints here, but lack of enemy variety is very real. In a game like Zelda where there are so many different types of enemies, to have so few different things to fight was not great.
Wasn't a fan of how weapon penalties in Fates. Made everything but Iron weapons BLOW
The story and character designs do not speak to me
Didn't finish CrossCode, but I was mad into it when I was playing it
Crosscode is what I was considering redeeming you to play. The only problem is that it isnt free.
So I am not expecting you to say yes
I almost finished it. Very good game with a great story. Worth the $20.
Crosscode also has a spectacular soundtrack
I put the soundtrack on my iPhone and iTunes
Maybe I'll hold out for the Genealogy remake they totally aren't working on. That'll likely be more interesting than Engage.
I feel like we had a non-replenishable one that got thrown away
with your luck today Gourmet guy would have an item though lol
I remeber where it was but idk if thats cheating...
Thanks I was trying to figure out how to do that, new to modding
just that kind of day though
I think Phantom is going for a 100% clear.
Is Cake Mix a "key item" in rando, like the Berries?
The game just gave you blueballs
but it has to be replenishable
so youll always fine cake mix in like, a shop, a tree that spawns stuff, etc
Always enough FP to take a swig.
He found the path of Zelda
race settings need an overhaul, the rando in general needs more things that speed up the game
i've been so busy lately with school and work and fitness I have no time for games clintQ
Well, when people stop playing it, then the devs might take a hint.
^ Oh c'mon, this isn't on us
a top time for a rando seed shouldnt be just under 3 hours, it should be just under 2
yeah I think it's just that the league is making races so much more common and that's bringing out possible issues
this isn't a dev thing, it's a setting thing
I get the issues people are having with it. But we already offer tons of options for this stuff. If people don't use them, our hands are tied, sadly
Sure, we can try to bend PM to be more race friendly. But at which point isn't it PM anymore
Out of curiosity, I know there have been times where you've suggested alternate settings in general, have you discussed that much with the other top players? (the rest of group 1)
I think that might be why I gravitated to fusion, cause it's so quick
Sorry for going off on you @pethanct01, but I've been having trouble dealing with negativity about my hobby project, so I'm a bit ruffled
Dont worry about it. I wasnt offended.
I just have been watching Phantom getting more frustrated with it so I feel for him a little bit.
Probably should have not said devs
I dont know who runs the rules or league or anything
I mean, sure, I disklike us forcing people to lose star points on running too. I also think there should be much fewer cutscenes. There's issues on the dev side too
It's all a community thing so it's whatever people are willing to agree to
I'm sure nearly everyone has preferred settings/rules that are different from race settings, this is just the compromise we've found
you mentioned tricks or glitches you wanted to do in races?
One thing I find funny about race settings is that the people who decided them stopped attending the weeklies, lol
I never got around to getting good enough to partake lol
I mean, there is no real skill floor for races besides "be able to finish the seed in one sitting"
Thing is, the people who would get smoked if you allowed more tricks/glitches get smoked anyway because they're up against speedrunners
i'm just sad it's been almost a year since the last update to fusion's randomizer. still want that security shuffle
it would put the security gate spots into the item pool
It also makes it more viewer friendly
Would you rather watch mankind fall off hell in a cell or climb down?
Mankind is a wrestler. Probably should bot have used such an obscure meme.
maybe it's my two cents but i've never understood why they've not split races into beginner + advanced groups, just so new racers aren't competing against speedrunners l-lol
That's kinda what the league is
I'm available and have been wanting to join, but league races have taken that time slot
I don't like race setting that why I don't join
The growing pains will pass for this. Necessity is the mother of invention. So eventually the community will figure out an answer.
I know i'd consider getting into it if it was a different time slot :'D sundays just aren't good for me unless it's mega early
@lordlevias19 fellow group 6 member o7
though a split would also be good for allowing a difference for.  setting rules
maybe this Sunday we can try open prologue 4 spirits 1.5x exp or something
let the speedrunners do what they want + can do, have the newbies stick to rule sets that even the playing field a lil bit
I think it's worth trying, it also makes skipping longer checks more worth it
also again, you can tell me to shut up about fusion if it's getting bothersome
is the fusion rando still closed source?
can you send me the seed you guys reset on later? I didnt see anything and paperario has me curious
Should we make him play pokemon fusion?
I just wanna run it with people
@WEEGEE666 I had one of your randos playing as I slept the other night, it's good stuff
I have the link still, hold on
there's some fascinating seeds in that one, but never too much more than an hour and a half
Wanting to Play that seed is a cry for help axl
played vanilla Fusion recently. Forgot how good it is
I wanna see what I missed LUL
i'll be snagging it too lol
fusion is my favorite metroid game, and the fact that fusion rando is so quick really drew me to it
I wanna see how it compares to some of my other ones
Oh, there are a lot of subs in chat tonight.
I'm just checking spoiler log lol
It's the second seed I ever archived. The first one was the literal first seed ever gen'd on the website
@venturific dread is a stellar game! I just wish I didn't have to hack my switch to play the rando
@icebound777 Is that how weird that first seed was?
Nah, it was just the first seed ever. Felt special, I guess
I meant the second one archived. Hopefully I am referencing it correctly
the best seed ever (as the first) vs the worst seed ever (as the first race everyone dnf)
The second one archive is the one from today
They should go back to the EU
Mod, can you delete my comment above. Too political
I gotchu, I figured it out lol
Really dumb that mod view doesn't automatically show those icons
And yeah, I'd never use mobile LUL
I always use mobile. Are mod tools better there?
I guess you cant mod me then lol.
Dumb that I have to look up how to be a mod when there's a mod view setting
What a way to win, if you win.
there was like half a dozen opportunities to get peril and win the fight, and he just wouldnt cooperate at all
You know quick change would be nice
GG, what a seed of all time!
M4 had a massive lead btw, then lost a bunch of time in ch8 and died to Bowser
I feel for them. Imagine going through all this to die in the end. I guess thats life though, literally.
they didnt get power rush, so after doing hallway, they went back to toad town to redo stats for a 20hp final
I also stepped away and never asked, where was red key
it was in pink station chest on right side
and it didn't end at the seeds
I can't emphasize enough just how many times bowser could've let me win
this is getting out of hand, now there are two of you
every time he had a chance to give me peril it was claw or stomp
he healed when he had 2 hp
i'm so mad at bowser dude
I found them but no dmg dodge
There he is. Go tell him now
found p up d down but couldn't use it
sounds like a very toxic mariage
power rush was on lyrics, and lyrics was in crystal palace behind the bombette wall iirc
OUT with the PLUMBER, IN with the LAD
how many dungeons r there? 5?
what does cake do? and brioche, there's a lotta frickin brioche
If I'm not mistaken, they are slightly less useful than a coin in PM rando phanto274Smile
intresting how varied the music is
I'm not the best speedrunner, but I've played many chaos randos for MCR in the past and two books scares the shit out of me propokH
You got options if you're a good shot Kappa
I still have to try the new rando. I'm very excited
I didn't realize MC had so many remixes. They didn't port tracks for rando, right?
What exactly does Jar/Bow give access to on the overworld? propokM
Can you shoot the tiny trees?
Pray for bow and not bomb progression and there we go
You saved dude's life and he gives you an instrument of murder
Is there a setting that makes those baked goods have rewards?
Is there a setting where you have to find Elzo?
That's a suped up sword early
looks like a decent cresent to me but if you say so
Baked goods are lootboxes in vanilla iirc
well that opens a few checks lol
ngl, more Links need to wear capes
Chaos saw those PM seeds and decided to...I don't want to jinx it
(Also sorry about those seeds. They looked very tedious)
so does getting a sword upgrrade let u split?
Damn, Vaati just lets anyone into his Castle? Cool dude.
she's a redhead, so I can forgive her
"Listen, Anju. You don't need the chickens. You need love in your life" - Link, probably
White chickens leash for a long time. I always found it helpful to throw that golden chicken and white one in a line one after the other
Vanilla shroom sounds like a bad Disney World dessert
Vanilla mushroom is wild considering it should have been a cake or croissant
hes tired give him a break!
hands are arm feet come on!
No lie, that's actually what gloves are called in German
Hype cave is in TP, sorry minish cap
Lets see what all this hype is about?
Alright, I gotta hit the hay. GL the rest of the way and gn everyone! phanto274BLANKIES
that music puts me to sleep
Trevbonk is not here to do his job.
hype cave saved by the very last check
I wonder how Moblins exist before Ganon.
Man, I wish we could get another zelda game with sweet dunegons and items
GTG, I got sleep to catch up on. phanto274GL on the rest of the rando
I think I probably won't even get botw2
I just didn't like the first one, and so far the second looks t be the same game
There was just nothing to do in it lol
Everyone always says it has infinite things and I hit em with the ??
I think I'm gonna try the oot/mm combo rando soon
Yeha, I've seen both opinions pretty evenly
ya big world and it can be pretty but not enough game there
But like, man just gimme some dungeons
The divine beasts were pretty sad
ooh are we back to dogpiling BotW??
@venturific I feel like there's only 3 things to do in the game, you can just do each of them 200 times
and don't get me started on ravalli!!!
the map-to-cave transitions are so slick in this game
@AudioBlood there are 900 of the little Korok poos
oh I thought you both just decided to do two of them in a row PrideLaugh
oh man, sounds like a rough seed
and phantom was also gonna die to final if he didn't get a 4 cap the last turn
mx DNFing? yeah, that sounds extremely bad
it's funny, the rando I did yesterday, I totally skipped the thunder bolt Kooper check and it's good I did. I would have gotten Lunar Stone earlier and with how it played out, I needed the 4th ruin key, which meant if I got the Lunar, I would have made an extra trip altogether
so because I got it later, it actually saved time LOL
but yesterday's seed was pretty nice. Got a 3:16:59, and I was actually messing around a bit so I lost time because of that PrideLaugh
I might try out a SMRPG rando soon though, after casual playing the game again. I hear it's much shorter and actually easier in general
are there bottle checks outside of mountains?
I'll def need to know knowledge on the weapons and armor and such I feel though
I should learn a shitton of different randos, and then do a big shuffler in bizhawk and see how many days it takes me to finish LOL
*big shuffler of all those randos
I hope this has been better than pape lmfao
clearing those seeds is a low bar
the sounds of this game are so nostalgic lmao
ngl didn't realize music was weird though until you mentioned it
those guys sound exactly like the mining sounds in wow lol
did the crow take ur sword!?
This song kinda fitting for graveyard
This song is also really fitting
They did give you a bunch of keys for here
That will never not be funny as a fight
@venturific we won't tell if you won't~
who needs a Boomerand when Gust Jar SUCKS
no I just want to know for the next time I play @buff00n lol
the bomb can be used to activate the switch
it beats waiting for a slow charge for sure
I have seen that before lol
die eldrich horror from beyond the stars!
I would not be able to live in a house with that ambient music...
Sword Master and the heart piece?
you'd get used to it eventually
that or it just incentivizes you to get some vitamin D
now you just need to use 30 bombs
phantom, if we add open prologue to races would you want early repel gel?
I'm guessing other people are trying out opening prologue?
"Here's a tasty piece. The scroll's in the chest, once you're done eating."
it was just a suggestion M4 made
I've been generally playing with it open anyways
I forgot about early repel gel as well
someone mentioned 4 stars with 1.5 exp, so I replied with "honestly Im not interested in anything less than 7 spirits unless it cuts out bowser somehow." which got a react from audioblood and M4. So im glad others like my suggestion.
well it was worth it for once!
Gold Tektites never get 20$ Fortnite cards
@OhHeyItJaye the 4 stars or cutting bowser?
nah, I won't play with less than 7
I wouldn't even cut out bowser either
I like it the way it is honestly, just giving some feedback
if I played 4 stars, I'd just be like,
I like it the way it is as well
I do want open prologue though
I'm also for crazy ideas, so yeah winnerLol
im not against open prologue but my preference is to have it closed.
my reasoning is because you have the hammer already, technically in vanilla, you've already been through that area since hammer is needed to get out of it (if starting default in Toad Town)
and fighting Goomba King is a waste of time LOL
What are the required items for dhc?
however, as I realize, it just makes the beginning game a lot longer and can lead to much less linearity for the seed starting off
whats under the strength braclet in the tracker?
I'm really hoping for no ToD dungeon
grib ring is for climbing stairs lmao
I need to get some sleep, GL with the rest
Cape actually breaks this game holy shit
well it sounds like link is slicing faster than the speed of sound so I imagine its faster
oh god it's dungeon shuffle too
I won my z1r race tonight
so i'm 4-1 going into brackets
damn your bot is just calling people out of lurk
Does Rando speed up gliding speed?
I honestly like sky blue for a tunic color for Link.
I've still been catching up on your runs bit by bit, by the way. Specifically of your Paper Mario runs. They're a lot of fun!
It's one of the randos I've been wanting to learn as a result, even if it's just for fun.
This poor music has no idea what to do.
Oh, you have traps on, too? iceblueLUL
My bad. I put Paper Mario into your brain. XD;
Just light it up by burning yourself stickshamRiku1a stickshamRiku1b
Only 1% of people can complete those tile puzzles
well im gonna crash gl on finishing
Wait how was that a rupee?
I'm pretty sure you got bell check
oh my the stream is still going
I already slept a good night
Oh hey now you have a key
hate my english teachers and I have 2 hours of that
hey imma go now tho hf for the rest or your stream
finally, no more picking up pots or skulls
This is starting to look like a blackout sNeed
Isn't there a check going to the cabin in Lake as minish?
Dig checks are not in correct?
This sNeed has gone on for too long
Wait lost woods is a song in this game?
So random to have OoT credits in this game
At least you have all techniques
this was a fun 4 hour seed
Sucks light arrows aren't as good as in WW
What is this final boss music
sent a follow, i'll be back :)
check out what my local game shop got in
thats the cleanest LA ive ever seen
I helped a friend bring a buncha puppies into her home
a lab chewed up my pants leg
why would anyone want to nerf HMs????
you make the settings in the game not when compiling it?
yo phantom. can't stay long as i'm going with my fam for my dad's birthday, but gl!
You're still using progressive rods right?
@WEEGEE666 tell ur dad, happy birthday
also, in playing the paper mario roguelike, I have a new hatred for fuzzies
today I picked up bayo 3 bayo origins and live a live
Im now sitting on 72 physical switch games
2 of which, I'd leaning towards selling
when this gen is over im gonna mount them all on my wall LUL
I thought chat asked for more Pape minish cap crystal multi world rando Kappa
New plan, get bottle then sudo mon
Floss isn't in the Mushroom Kingdom Bot
Thank god we don't have to wait for lugias cry
Im, uh, stuck in a broken down car in the middle of nowhere so Ill just be lurking on mobile for the next couple hours until my ride gets here
Car died halfway through a 3-hour drive so
you can bike indoor with this update right?
so I did you reset seed last night, should call that one "The Legend of Sushie" 3 hours in I quit. If I went to ch5 I wouldve hit go mode with last tubba key and palace key lol
Are you racing the weekly tomorrow. I can't call the one next week but I do wanna be around for this one
yeah I still had 5 chpaters to acutally finish lol, fuck that
I'll be here for that as well
Oh hell yeah water stone, sometimes those are in awful spots
@axl_sr that seed was evil cursed by yours truly mister206Gombidious
trev did you see the sushie chain?
That was both amazing and terrible
When I picked up Omega Ruby, one of my college game club peers traded me an Eevee for a Glacion. Boy was that perfect given all the Dragons in Delta Episode.
Sorry, should clarify, traded me an Eevee that I then leveled to a Glacion
If you had bike I'd probably agree with skip
Theres just something very sus about all this. Why isnt shuckle a legendary? Kappa
interesting, key items used to be $0. I kinda like that they added a price.
what happened why you buy fly again?
Amazing luck getting fly. Must be a good seed unlike mister206Gombidious seeds
well then, jet seed it is
Fast travel unlocked: Bike and fly
Being able to fly around the 34 minute mark is amazing
insta hp bar and xp bar nice
but how will we find items
you can buy rock smash at least
I just mean you biked back lmao
yeah I do that all the time
I saw that in the Kirby BDSP mod when you use fly Kirby rides his warp star
man so many shops just opened up
alright dude, fly into storm, now plain into strength
Did, did I just see a Flying Fish?
oh my last seed the itemfinder dude had squirtbottle
you probably wanted to do zephyr check
man everytime you go past a hidden item I flinch
I keep thinking you're missing it before I realise I'm just dumb
debating a chicken sandwich to give with the "devil's lettuce" got from my barber
Wants to replace me, finds SD
You weren't meant to last I suppse
WTF? I just fought myself in Star Trek Online. Now i'm doing it in Pokemon too? SEESEESH
trying to get a good run
lugia said he can jump kick
Well determination and good flying skills have worked for me so far
im back from getting pizza sounds like its been rough
This seed said Lugia is dead
cycling road has mid 30's but that's all I got for ya
Seeing you without the beanie is like seeing bart simpson with the blue shirt.
Wow, you can pay for one semester at a crappy school.
People figured out the issue with Wii U's dying
Oh yeah, I saw that on Twitter, what's up with that?
Apparently 1 of the NAND chip manufacturers fucked up so you have a 1/3 chance to be fucked LOL
good thing ive been waiting on buying a wii u
Hey the wii u is like a really fucking good homebrew console
is it much different from wii homebrew?
You get DS games and shit
You can get literally anything before a wii u on it
And you can still mod the vwii if you want gamecube controller use
In gen 2 female mons have a lower chance at good physical IV's
ive unironically been planning on getting one but mainly just to have one
Nintendont default lets you use the gcc adapter for it it's lit
It's just a bit more annoying to mod since there's much less resources for it
Actual process isn't too bad though
vermillion surfing is 30-39 as well, and harbor has different encounters
pain split could be better damage for lugia :)
Is that it or is there something else needed for Go
are the badges region locked or no?
whens learning blind caves to save time
well you scouted moves all right
Yeah I wonder if it's bugged
I feel like a bike would slip in entirely different ways than that
You doing a second one after dis, yo?
I hate everything I thought you were taking a break from paper mario.
at least you have a ton of non-battle checks to do
I don't understand how you keep track of all of these checks I would be lost...
yeah the tracker is super helpful to start, eventually it's just memory
Hear me out, Synthesis, Rest, and Moonlight on your Lugia
it's been just sitting there this whole time
An armless tree knows thunder punch
why we gotta wake it up? Just throw a master ball
ThunderBolt is nice, but,48 special attack is bad
how does a bird made out of steel fly?
maybe skarmory has jet engines or something
hey now we can do the freezing
yeah and you have a ton of random checks, good luck!
I mean following density, that's all you can really do
to be fair that's pretty much this entire rando in a nutshell
There was one more item to the left, let's hope that wasn't anything LUL
eh the chances that it's anything though, pretty low
that's 4 checks I think right
is mahogany a different shop now
There's always soft sand girls too
ah right softsand has a hidden, that's why I usually do it sooner
yeah the hidden is in the tree to the bottom right of the surf item
nice quick bonus if you want
Hope the Rando is going well Phantom :>
Yeah and the Lugia really slowed you down
This seems like it's going better than the last one, but only if you aren't looking for that badge for the next hour
how much cash you got? LUL rare candies for sale somewhere, I forget
I have just finished a run on shopsanity
this one I ran sub 3hr
alright off for dinner, gl with the next one!
Cheer95 I don't remember if I've seen this one
You did this knowing I'd do it
I have the bits for it :v
Will it show up while you're taking a break?
So is it the desert block being hit 100 times
yo that timing on the Game Freak logo jingle and transitioning was on point
hopefully we get a good starter
I was expecting it to be like, obnoxiously long
and here I was going to do the 69 one again
I got so many sfx for the money
That move is always going to make me laugh now
you tryna say that I'm gonna get you killed?
I'm imagining it holding the opponent in a headlock and force-feeding the milk
"TIME TO GET SWOLE WITH ME"
Man we had very different ideas of that
listen, I'm a PG sorta person
I spent 8 hours flirting with streamers earlier today, I'm trying to get my brain into a different mindset
we need a friend superior to machoke first
does your guy look like megaman or have I just not seen this game enough LUL
the sprite also looks angry when walking side to side
popular cave for gym leaders to lose badges inside while on walks
@YamiKuroya that's what happens when they are iron-on 
Pokemon League having financial issues too
how dare you talk bad about my iron-on earth badge D:
my mom said it was cool D:
sorry I can't hear you over the sound of my sinew stretching across my entire body
why be fast when you can get swole
it's like Ascended Saiyan form; trade speed for incredible power
you are asking too much of machoke
you didn't give him milk drink so yes
hasn't gone through its training arc yet
you just have to make machoke hate you during its training arc, ezpz
that diglett sprite was like "no no no don't teach me that"
.... if we had taught the machoke surf, it could have beat a ghost
oh neat its a rando run
it would at least hit a ghost
how many aspects of this are randomized?
speedrunner komari was defeated LUL damn koma's in this game
you should just have it be a dynamic list based on subs or something
my namesake is OP lets go
I havent tried randomizer stuff myself, only watched you and Axl do it. Seems like a lot of fun to try though
yeah like sometimes you think the main character is megaman
would probably try BN3, and this game. I love Gen2
this is the secret megaman sequel, pokemon crystal
thank you for the validation @YamiKuroya 
yeah just how I forgot a song of storms grotto in oot and it had my fucking song to warp to light temple in overworld rando
it was either that song or do revere king zora clip to get to temple of time
is there a speedrun board for this? or are you timing against yourself for fun?
thats a good enough reason for me curdle1Nod
yeah I figure it would be a difficult thing to get consistent in a way that it could be feasible as a competitive board
it'd be a good way to separate the good seeds from the bad
we can remember the good seeds fondly
and the seeds you and mx4 had with hatred in our hearts
alright, gotta go make dinner and such, so in lurk mode.
Please tell me you can evolve that Machoke.
does the machoke deserve to be rewarded like that though
awwww no new friends for us
So they dont let you evolve any of the trade pokemon.
dragonite wants to know if you're SURE about machoke
Submission, the most powerful move that sucks. I remember pokemon stadium describing this as the strongest fighting type move.
dragonite just wants to be your main
Cross chop is 100 without recoil. Submission is 80 with recoil. Earthquake, Psychic, Thunderbolt, Ice Beam, SURF, and Flamethrower all exist.
g a m b l I n g
Its the worst strongest move ever.
Fighting hits a lot super effectively, it just needed sensible strong moves.
I got kof 02UM, 13, and '98 for 6 bucks
I have never seen the gen 2 machoke sprite
Bug though. God, was megahorn the only good move and only heracross could learn it. Oh, but guess what. Its also fighting type.
So, what was wrong with the dragonite?
Earthquake is good, but only earthquake is not. Got it.
it's okay I believe in mewtwo
aw yeah, take that machoke, mewtwo gets the milk instead
diglett needs submission too, how else will it know it belongs
a rare seed where the pokemon with fly actually could reasonably carry us
no pb but I lost like 5 minutes to dog race so KEKW
gonna lurk and eat tho, all I had to eat today was pizza rolls lmfao
We dont talk about the other game anymore. Referring to the one with the Mario made out of paper.
Submission doesnt seem as bad of an option nos.
Hey Bot, we dont talk about that game anymore. Its forbidden
So many Marts are selling Viagra.
You could use submission against Haunter. Guaranteed no recoil.
He learns moves when you level up.
if he still learns them as per vanilla, his next move is 33
gen 2 mewtwo learns a new move every 11 levels
Did he manually put those in the seed. I wonder if I am in there somewhere.
You dont want Mewtwo to have healthy bones?
Ive never seen a Pokmon randomizer
Did you say gym or Jim? I didnt hear you.
What was in the updated shop.
don't think we went back to sprout tower too now that we can fight ghosts
So that meant radio tower was required?
we're back and we have a mewtwo this time
Well, that should feel good then. Is high jump kick better that s&m
I mean it was also required
Yooo Phantom! How's the rando going so far? phanto274BLANKIES
Time to throw the whole seed away phanto274Cry
it won't learn something new until 44
I started a rando nuzlocke and my starter is a normalize chansey
route 1 needs to save my ass
ok my route 1 is a togepi I'm dead to the first fight time to reset lol
that's the fastest I've ever lost a nuzlocke I think
Ice cant hit water types but at least takes care of dragonite
Boltbeam + psychic would be the dream
TMs are randomized moves. No guarantee that 29 is Psychic
oh the tms are randomized too?
Gross, there was just a tail lying there in the ground?
oh what you found a Mewtwo?
found a mewtwo and taught it machoke's milk drink
did you go back for sprout?
These people are so strange. Not understanding eggs and how reproduction works with biological animals.
These arent the worlds finest scientists, are they
I now have a speed boost golurk and I am chilling
Bot is drug free. Never wouldve guessed
we did get silver wing p early so I guess i'm not shocked
Well, at least you can beat Steel Gym Leader with Dragonbreath Miltank
50*1.5 versus 80 with recoil and low accuracy
Hints would probably make it more fun
When the SK64 rando added the hints, it cut a lot of BS out.
I mean this is the same issue you mentioned with Paper Mario. Deep diving places that are dry.
You said you could lower badge requirements?
I would try both next time. See how that goes. I mean, theres nothing to lose
That would be prevented with lower badges though.
14 Probably would be good. Maybe 12 at the lowest
You dont want it to end too early. Chat does like watching you struggle a little. I mean, you gotta earn that win.
Is there one that stands out?
Nobody likes fights in RPGs anyways.
I like stuggles :) more time to watch
Struggles gives the stream some drama. I mean, would you rather watch Walter White go through his troubles or just watch him easily succeed.
Also, no moves to hit water types well.
would you believe ive been here the whole time lol
I missed the end of your first run what was the time>?
I think you can take the shuckle
mewtwo COULD hit a move but where's the fun in THAT
why dont you teach strength if you dont have any more moves? at least better than milk drink
to other pokemon, yes.  to mewtwo, no
I still use Flamethrower over Fire Blast
my namesake?  learning good moods?  NEVER.
I guess we will find out. What did clear bell get?
Yoo, it's your boi drunk Steve
What about whirl islands, I only saw you do one cave
Was this seed where you skipped a check in Mount Mortar
Im curious to know where rainbow wing is.
Mt Moon isnt deep, I remember that.
So its not hard to find.
gg tho. I'll never forget the reaction of you going into sprout the first time
and getting walled by a lv3 Misdreavus
I see you're still live, just finished a run?
Mt moon shop wasnt known to anyone
I smoked and lost my fuckin mind to anxiety
since postman in mm hundo got slightly better, i'm way less inclined to reset
how important are rupees in this run
yeah for whatever reason, doing a set up in postman and being deku instead of goron makes hitting the frame slightly more consistent to hit
I literally can't tell you why but I see people reset way less to postman
it seems comfy for a game like this
2D Zelda feels better with analog
save for Zelda 1, since you're stuck to four directions
you don't have text speed set to fast
yeah glitchless and any% have a nice amount of overlap
yeah the couple runs I did of mmz, having a minute long intro stage was amazin
glitchless just does some fights instead while any% does some trick to skip half the dungeon
Isnt first cycle skip a thing in MM?
cycle 2 starts at 26-27 minutes in hundo if you're not slow
TGHs WR is fun to watch
it used to be like 21-22 but deku playground got routed into 1st cycle
I was practicing ILs in Sonic Mania last night. I'm debating if I should learn more and do an entire run.
saves like a minute over doing it in cycle 2
Minish cap any% used to be glitchless until the mitts in Fortress, that was regarded as "Intro" prior to 2019
ocarina was when the run began
yeah, the beginning is tougher with new route but overall it's easier if you're not 4:3x capable
that was the first trick for a month before the Minecart skip was found
those 2 are basically still the first tricks
we got a lot more though, its quite different
Please do not eat at my face bot
The bot just loves terrible checks so much that it eats them
Casually almost dies, "it's fine" LOL
My favorite Zelda game with the non existent heart drops
Now you get to give chat more attention Kappa
What if I don't have boomerang
you can always just use red potions Kappa
Probably a coding error that makes rupees have high priority or to give use to the picolite
Magic Boomerang makes health really easy to farm in any%, and makes fights a decent amount easier
oh look i'm here at the start of a run now :P
You know, I really like how have the GBA setup, it's like gently desaturated which makes the colors pop a bit more imo since it's not overbright like it would be on an actual GBA
I like how he just opens the chest, a bunch of monsters go everywhere, and he just goes "huh. neat"
Honestly Link should've gotten mirror shield to stop Vatti
I haven't used GBI in a while, I use a Gameboy Consolizer or the Analogue Pocket
fun fact, no enemies spawn anywhere in the game if you don't watch that cutscene
Including Vaati themselves at the end of DHC
now that I think about, have we ever met a Zelda's mum?
so we have to watch that to be able to fight them
I was watching what Fire Rod % was and found out it was a bugged leftover item...
@buff00n She had a small cameo in Hyrule Warriors Age of Calamity.
they replaced Fire Rod w/ a Lantern
diagonal walking off the lilypad nearly always makes you drown
I ordered me a pretzel orange188Comfy
have to walk up off it
Pretzel with cheese and pepperoni on it!! orange188Wow
but Green Chu jelly is still in the game's code but does nothing even in HD
After doing any% and Glitchless which are ~1:50 and ~2:30 length runs, I really appreciated doing Firerod% in only ~0:40
I wonder if there's gonna be a magic meter in botw2
if the magic is like ALBW and it is a charge for your item use then that would be cool
I just think using weapons on enemy fodder is just bad gameplay choice
A return to items would be nice personally. But that's just me. After 100%ing botw twice, I just started to dislike the way weapons are and that most puzzles are solved with weapons or runes orange188Lick
I like the system, I just don't like ALBW that much
Well I didn't mean items but runes instead
If you could repair weapons that would be nice!
Dang that pillar is really mad
Pestos are the worst minish enemy as a nuisance
I have to be up early, GL on the run o/
the bugs are more damaging that the bloody octoroks
I like the face that big chu chu has as they're about to fall
I like how the first boss isn't even an actual guaridan of the area, just a random mook deciding to ruin your day while your small. XD
They saw green chu is a legend being half yellow and half blue chu combined into one
Rubixninja3i4 better watch the F out
The bot is making arrests now holy cow
the bot is coming for us
The bot has had enough of our shit
I wish to be like you
how are we doing today tho
wish I could say the same aa
anyways I just came by quickly to say hi I got to sleep
Item mapping is very difficult, I don't blame you
Nowadays we get four buttons maybe 6 and a touchscreen
Please look down at the gamepad
Can I just say I really appreciate how comfy and soothing your stream vibe is? Like, it makes it really easy to tune in and interact while I work orange188Love
3DS Zelda remakes have B as Sword X+Y as items, and I+II touch screen item slots with an Ocarina touch button
I still sleep to vods all the time, personally
yo phantom, been lurking while playing some paper mario black pit
It makes it easy for me to work and keep it on in the background like right now when I am not chatting LUL
speedrunning + gremlin energy is a bit much for some yea yea lol
Best part is that I still know whats going on while lurking because of how comfy things are
I definitely watch some streamers with some very high gremlin energy but it's not something I'm going to lay down and rest to lmao
Its great how link just tanks hits, boulders to the face, and just grunts about it instead of flinching LUL
I've gotta head out myself though, need to spend time with my dummy. Good luck on the rest of the run phanto274GL
@ohrocks yep its because the turn red by sucking the vitality from people thus being weak to fire and sunlight
Yeah. If you give me enough time I can meme just about any lore as long as I am familiar with it LUL
see blue chus evolved to emit electricity because they originally came from yellow chus that became merged with water thus creating a new breed
And I just thought about this in like 10 seconds LUL
Y'know we need more "Cane of" items since they're pretty cool concepts
yet the rare and elusive  stone chus evolved from absorbing to many hard minerals and rocks thus creating a new breed
Red chuchus were born out of blood lusts. Those hearts inside of them were once human
Got one for the shadow/purple chu?
The purple chu is simply a need breed of red chu combined with the white or stone chus that hardens when exposed to light because of the light sensitive minerals it has inside
Could've had an even greener sword
Green chus are the original chuchus. A reincarnation of demise attempted to make clones of the legendary hero and only made green chus. They were powered with magic originally before they evolved into other variants.
It was a memorable 2 seconds
honestly the clone mechanic is one of the best things I have ever seen. It makes minish cap what it is
I think kinstone and picori is my favorite mecanics in the game (even if kinstone isn't usefull for the story itself ^^')
Peril manip works it seems phanto274Thonk
How far can we go with Peril Link. No Mega Rush
Kappa I forgot to open the door every time
that explains why this sounded familiar lmao
hey looks like a good start lol
just in time for the rando I see
you will never get into that building that quickly ever again
considering normally it's the 99.9999% completion reward
not 100% completion the last piece of heart is in there lmao
including the 6 that only show up after you beat the game
cloud tops not in a dungeon
Like this is the earliest droplets I have ever seen
so that's where a heart you could've used in the run went to :P
And this was minish caps sploosh kaboom Kappa
Yep the good old required double dip to droplets
AND you get forced to leave and come back for a second time phanto274Hype
Honestly I would not be surprised if flippers are somewhere terrible LUL
at least you have remote bombs
I like how rando gave you peril beams already. as if to taunt you
I love when my flippers explode
Did you check Carlov in town?
well, you can check dekus now
its like the seed is coming together now Kappa
Only two are randomized though LUL
Can there be an option in Paper Mario to have open sewers. As in the pipes are all open.
I'd say grip ring is pushing you towards Crenel -- normally you need spin to access but with cape it's in logic.
I just bought a boomweang at the shop for 300...
I too like to spend 200 rupees to get 1
Spend 200 Rupees Get 1 Rupee Back!
I always buy the rupees when the deku scrubs are selling them
they're so cute, I wanna support their business
It's like buying lemonade from a roadside stand
like sure kid I'll buy your lemonade for .50
This is some kind of seed logic
2 sword ah ah ah. 3 swords ah ah ah
Get your remote bombs now! They burn cleaner, brighter, and give you more bang for your rupee Kappa
Do you have digging spots randomized too?
I have only the fondest memories of minish cap, Seeing the randomizer just makes me so incredibly nostalgic of the game, lol
I can never make that jump
I think it's between the chests
Usually dig spots are in corners or the middle
I'm not used to playing with digging spots; I think I've done two seeds with them?
The race settings preset has the obscure spots and digging but I'm still used to 2020 race rules
418 Sanity is whistling because tea is ready
I always set up a 418 response when I'm configing things because it's my fav thing in http spec
Error 69 is nice thats all I know Kappa
so that's where he kept the money you gave him for the 1 rupee
TL;DR is as an April Fool's joke they defined a spec for brewing coffee; 418 returns when you're trying to BREW coffee but the vessel is a teapot and therefore not able to make coffee.
you said and I quote "i don't need that"
If you're going back up Veil make sure to grab the digging spot too
And this is why you never leave your nuts behind Kappa
would've laughed so hard if that was fake
Hopefully you'll get an ocarina before then?
I want to try a seed where you start with Ocarina; it's just a huge QoL thing
I'm just used to that being in the context of Spyro 1 any%
There's a trick to get into the final boss level early that's extremely tricky and RNG based
Final trick at the end of 40-50min run
You basically jam Spyro's hitbox into that of a mob by squishing yourself between the mob and a wall, in this case
Since your hitbox intersects with another that you're NOT supposed to be in, the game freaks out and launches you out at High Speeds
It's used through all three of the Spyro games but they're pretty inconsistent.
Just what everyone loves at the end of an intense run: an RNG-based trick
im guessing the shell trader isnt randimized
That's banlist punishment seed sadism, randomized figurines
True speedrunner style, blowing yourself up XD
May the odds be ever in your favour.
May the great spin take you for a whirl Kappa
we all want Bow. She is quite the asset
I love how small he looks
poor little link will drown with those big ass rain drops
Vanilla area but not location is such a meme for cane LUL
damn that minecart do be zoomin
welcome to MCR dipping non element dungeons for progression LUL
hope the run is going well!
Open prologue felt nice but yoshi kids' required, 4th ruin key required
ended up being close though, 1st to last was only 7 minutes difference
NSing was on final when Adam finished and I was on P2 when NSing finished
this seed was taking a real fortress of winds approach
how heroic is it to break and enter multiple graves
the secret to downing Malort is drinking apple cider vinegar. Malort tastes better by default.
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT THING
I used to put apple cider vinegar in my water in the mornings. I really needa do that again
ive never seen one of those before...
just like a cup of water though. and a small amount PrideLaugh
@OhHeyItJaye I just started doing that again. Already regretting it
I'm lucky I don't mind it PrideLaugh
I mean I used to smoke cigs back in the day, nothing tastes worse than those winnerLol
can't even stand the smell of a cig now without feeling nauseated
Minus the smoking part since my grandma always smoked cigarettes around me when I was a kid
yeah, that was like peeps in my family too
I've cigs once every other blue moon, whenever a friend's smoking one
I don't go out of my way for that shit
I have an addictive personality for certain things, so I def can't have another one or I know my body will want more
and I wish I could have weed or like edibles without feeling like shit PrideLaugh
The true boss of this seed is the bookcase climb Kappa
@OhHeyItJaye me getting anxiety from weed: why do I do this to myself
I actually wonder if they are clones or your soul splitting apart phanto274Thonk
@Trevbonk Answer: don't worry about it
My car's alive again and I made it home safely phanto274Smile
Could have been much worse for sure
Will still be looking into a replacement before long though
I've been driving a 16-year-old car with over 240K miles so...
did you hear what happened to our old similarly aged toyota?
I have seen the legendary forced triple dip droplets but not in This seed
maddy was driving home from work and it died on the freeway. just stopped. couldn't get it to start. when it was inspected, it was found that the piston chambers were corroded. from the bottom
completely preventing any form of combustion
Yes you have to clear droplets anyway right?
like the engine literally couldn't be more dead than that
I would be scared for my life if my car died on the main speedway all of a sudden
it explains why the thing had no real pickup when driving. we joked it had get up and mosey, not get up and go
cause those chambers were slowly dying lmao
Hiya Phantom! How are you tonight? phanto274BLANKIES
Its like you had to double dip droplets after the start of the seed Kappa
Just means gust jar isnt in here
Those things can grab you after dropping their crap on you? What garbage LUL
there is the 4 one by the school in town if you forgot Kappa
Does boomerang have any utility in this game like WindWaker. Boomerang Windwaker is OP as much as grappling hook.
Seems palace of winds might have gust jar
It all depends on which kin stone you get first
Youre being too pie in the sky about this.
The cobbler made you a pie
stop it your making phantom croissant
I thought I was a mod for a second. Im too old and too young for that.
I see we are in the eye roll stage of the rando.
Maybe it is in the Mt. Moon Shop.
Thats a raid I can get behind
dont forget to wish cats happy birhtday cats4eBirthday
I should replay this game. I think I stopped at Dark Hyrule Castle
I just started learning sm64 speedruns was 3 to 4 min ahead of my pb on blj's and went right into west dry world by accident
You will have your cake and you will enjoy it -Vaati
Its almost like I called it earlier that the kin stone you get leads to gust jar Kappa
off only a 3 man turn out on todays race
I didnt want to start that late
Thats fair, it was a longer seed too
funny how people say they want capcom to make zelda games like this when actually this games director worked on breath of the wild LUL
well I guess that explains why I like BotW a lot to
oh? he was the director of teal of the kingdom too
At least Rival 6 wasnt blocking that kinstone
the beginning fo this dungen with cape is hilarious
I don't think you're swinging fast enough
Oh what thats a cool strat
bit of a rough one there with that kinstone
I really hope I can find people to do fusion rando races
Yoo hows it going Phantom? Zelda time phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
doing good, just having a chill day phanto274Sip
since it Tuesday reset on destiny 2 so my clan is holding me hostage
Had a friend tell me that 3D Land; Land, not World, is better Super Paper Mario. I never wanted to throw hands that badly.
Is it better than 3d land, tho
SPM was my first Pape, played it twice but not recently
THAT'S ALL I NEEDED TO HEAR
Would you say it's bare-bones compared to, say, other 2D Mario platformers?
2D Mario's pretty simple in general
that's thr experience I have with 3D Land. Mess around, then shut it off cuz boredom.
@buff00n I lost my copy of 3D Land a long time ago and it's staying that way
I beat it and did post game up to world 8 before finally shelving it
been watching the BN anime stream, Lan just trigger his first PA lol
I was with terra for a bit in VC
I've had an Xbox for a while and idk why I haven't invested in a rechargable battery kit yet
Buying battery corrosion in a mini tube to power my controller is silly
Yeah a new pair of controllers in a box always comes with a Duracell pair
@MVD731 death to your stomach again
I thought that was jesse because of the name color and was like wtf
stickshamWarning stickshamDamn glennj5WAVE phanto274Smile glennj5BONK onewin14Confirmo onewin14Angy marssSad glennj5LUCK glennj5VIBE glennj5JAAMIN glennj5SWEAT glennj5HYPERS stickshamSon phanto274Lurk stickshamO stickshamRiku1a stickshamRiku1b phanto274Jam phanto274BLANKIES onewin14Pout marssCashmoney marssNikitaA marssNikitaB marssNikitaC mvdW mvdPog stickshamSleeper stickshamUltraInstinctGoofy stickshamMoogle stickshamEye
Also I do not like the obama peeking over jesse
I only need KirbyBlunt in my life
obama is better than you at smash
we're just smokin some fat ones in your chat
                
oh rocks hurry up slow bitch
just like Hank from Breaking Bad
@RavenFP I need an emote for Vegas food to counter this
that's the worst feeling of a new game/category where you like play ass and it still golds
Blue Gyorg can step on a lego
This and the Octorok boss are meanies :(
just in time to catch the end of the run GL on vaati
Vaati 2 is always worth doing a short sword mash to ensure you hit the eyes, its more consistent than just a single slash
have you seen my double madderpillar quick kill?
its totally not viable for anyone in runs but fun to watch
or to just be envious that you'll never get a fight like that
yeah you are right in the middle of the rando players (K1tsune,SDGShawn,Rom-Stein,Bluezy)
I would say in V1 you want to get closer to the main before slashing, some of the times you were hitting from the edge of your range and slashing so fast that you were cancelling a slash before it made contact
also you got straight up robbed by it teleporting, not your fault there
it teleported while you were slashing it, making you get an extra cycle
Hallo Hallo! I just woke up from a 2  hour nap
Good luck on the rando phanto274Hype
twitch have change stuff I cant find twitch emotes anymore
in this quest, link needs to save the laundromat from vaati shutting it down so he can wash his tunic
there a tab that says twitch but nothing there
Link may be poor but this seed is rich
I have named the rope, and now I will call him
btw green picolye is extra shells
Cape would be good in that room
A scrub is a guy that thinks hes fly And is also known as a busta Always talkin bout what he wants And just sits on his broke ass
Thats why you skip the scrubs
always nice seeing something else then just paper mario
and I do love seeing Zelda
Yeah, I think everyone needed a break from pape
indeed are you planing of doing other zelda games?
TP is my fav zelda game :D
oot and mm is also good games
how dare they hit our little boy
what do you need to get into gomod
wow the book became a bread
the game really loves giving you rupees
Its like doors are being opens up to you literally with all those keys Kappa
Link just became superman with that cape
was go mode in/out of logic?
damn, one sec, you're looking for lantern. I get in the house, and you're fighting Vaati.
oh damn, got in right at the end!
queuing up some seeds for myself tonight
i'm praying for good rng for fusion, but bad rng makes content lol
ya know what, gimme a minute
why tf did see Iwata's name remind me of the Peppa Pig video game
I like those things and WeeGee666
Link but Pink, so their name will be Pink
so I can name it 69420 nice
I can't believe I softlocked that last seed, gdi
Syrup's Hut being the cave theme is epic
phanto274GL  I can see my emotes again
Don't be like Little Caesar's almost taking an L
Some messed up scheduling their April 1st tweet
How hard is this rando to learn? I haven't played this game before.
Which rando do you like more? Paper Mario or Minish Cap
It seems you have nut this seed was it required? phanto274Smile
This is one tense cave expedition
so we had to tweak some settings but we got the audio system sounding good in the new car
How far along into the seed are you? I never see people streaming Minish cap
that moblin in the corner was having a time
Some people prefer their link squishy and not tanky with no pushback Kappa
Wait. Is that a gomamon plushie in the background!?
did you rub your eye after handling peppers
but also Smadge because of bad it burns
I just got here and oh no
if it's any consolation i'm sure we all have done that before
the only digiplushies I have are the squishable tsunemon and a wizardmon
That is delightful. I haven't seen digimon in ages and gomamon was my favorite as a kid
@Mirby_Studios Where at? Last I saw it had changed and shifted a lot more than I would have liked. Glad to hear that though!
dungeon shuffle was an amazing edition
we had the adventure 2020 anime that was a reimagining of the original, for instance. next order is a lot like the old world game, and we have a story game set in the digital world coming... eventually
I would ADORE a story game. Yes please.
plus changing and shifting is always part of the franchise DNA
taking on new forms and new settings with new rules
I didn't get the next order rerelease cause I still have it on PS4 lmao
I appear to have missed out
So what exactly does the dungeon shuffle mod do?
ok that sounds actually really fun
Speaking of pape rando, Bowser owned JCog the other night in his match
My favorite sword of them all
although weaker still majestic like the others
maybe we can actually program it in Kappa
It always cracks me up during most zelda randomizer streams I watch, there's always an excess of ruppies.
OoT is particularly funny to me
Good job not making sure Goombario is nothing more than a memory LUL
Its almost like this is a sword progression seed where one sword leads to the next Kappa
And now school 4 sword check may actually have something
It's satisfying and it has Roc's Cape
Oh you mean the giant graphical mess from earlier?
what the fuck was that doing up here DAMPE HOW DID YOU LOSE IT HERE
Dampe threw away his soul and made a deal with the devil to hide the key where no one could ever find it Kappa
You never see logical lights phanto274Thonk
A bigger boomerang could help you reach the key Kappa
Its almost like school may have something Kappa
did you ring the bell in town
Tingle holding the seed hostage would be great
Its like now you can check school Kappa
You only spent 295 rupees Kappa
Its like I knew school would have something LUL
Usually when you get an early 4 sword school is stacked but not always LUL
its honestly a sign of dedication to get this key
the fastest sword swinger in hyrule holy damn
Imagine not checking school and being baited by books Kappa
Remember kids! School is important is an alright thumbnail Kappa
have a good one and good luck on runs
oh I actually might come here and watch the stream and then fall asleep while the streams on for lurk
can you randmize if bosses are in different dungeons
Hey Phantom, hows the rando going?
Well that does sound pretty good lol
More importantly can you smell the chili from where youre playing
oh sweet I got my bits from doing a survey
Vaati and hovering over panels, name a more iconic duo
I couldnt picture anything more fitting phanto274Smile
whrn have till the final boss at 4 but go to the carnival at 5
always wash your hands after handling peppers, chat
I would want to live there
I might have to do something about my current house
Sounds more pleasant than the rest of the town so far...
We love those 4 harp chords
What is this woods, its trying to be Mt. Crenel
Gold enemies hoarding jewelry this seed?
I dont know if Ive seen health get that low monkaS
Oh wait I forgot the heart colour randomizes, it looked like nothing for me for a second NiceSoftlock
Do your boots help at all?
You can try unchecking stuff to see which one takes it off
I would wonder why you didnt at this rate
If the pies and croissants are everywhere else in the world the bakery should have 4 items to buy
Just giving you more practice for this split phanto274Smile
Shhh, well just ignore the cane part
it looked like your name was Phantim. I think that needs to be your new moniker
That start to avoid cloning in that room looks so nice with the bomb
Phantom u really like playing minish cap no cap
The kinstones are trash in this game
BN is over now, tomorrow we start Access
Hey you see the corn pizza?
Vaati on panels? I dont believe it
yeah do it sub to phantom
Hey Phantom, gl on the run(s) :>
that is some orange coffee sir
and it sounds as bad as coffee is
I don't see the colors of them cause I don't use a transparent container lol
yeah I hate hate hate the smell and taste of coffee, but I love the green coffee
well that's all people ever drink coffee for
I unironically like the taste of coffee ;-;
I recommend the cherry limeade and the orange guava, and then mixing them :P
I have some, i'll try that
how you gonna pull XC music off like that
xenoblade got so robbed at TGA lol
I guess it's good to have variety
also I realized that today is 3/23/23
@mirby_studios I'm thr opposite, slow af, but not allowed to leave
I just like the repeating nature of it okay
take that europe and your DDMM format
Well that would be 23/3/23 wouldn't it
Hello. Also that art is amazing <3
Cheer16 the uneven number is bothering me :<
We call that maid skip :p
what the hell is a penguin
it's such a dumb gag but I love it so much
there's actually a clip of the graham norton show where he asked benedict about his complete failure to pronounce penguin
and shows clips from that documentary
Yes that's what I was referring to
add it to the quote wall
Which Battle Network is best? I played through a decent chunk of 2 and liked it
the best battle network game is obviously WonderSwan. definitely
real answer: 3 or 6 are usually the common answers
Ah cool. I'll check that one out
I think 6 also has the most fun battles
and also the best bugstop and navicust
you can just BREAK the game with BN6's bugstop lmao
"oh these blocks that are just outside the bounds of the grid? yeah don't worry about those it's fine I have bugstop"
like that parks and rec scene
"it's okay I have a permit" *I can do what I want*
I think I have network 6? Im actually not sure I never played much of it. I got it from a thrift shop.
Rockman EXE WS which is kinda decent
and N1 Battle, which is BCC but worse
like BCC is a port of that which is far superior lmao
iirc in N1 Battle there is no randomness to battlechip order, it's always the same
it's why playing as EXE in any form in Rockman X DiVE is great since they got Rockman's JP VA back lol
oh I played the beta and i've been playing the taiwan version (which has engrish text) off and on for 3 years since that launched lol
He literally saw you do the sword technique twice, and was like: yep, youre a pro, get out
so the system my job uses for chats lets me see what customers are typing as they are typing it so I can prep a response and get answers ready as they type. but if a customer drops sometimes it just hangs with a partial sentence
so right now I have a customer who dropped and all they were saying was TRYING
trying what? trying yoga? trying a new soda? trying to PB in a speedrun?
I will forever find it hilarious that the minecarts in oracles are slow af and then almost as if in response to that complaint we have the carts in this dungeon
oracles take place long after this game so obviously laws were put in place to limit minecart speeds to safe levels
what did you do to the king?!?
you doing a rando after this?
this is one of the few themes that fits the area imo
Kin stone unavoidable time loss is amazing LUL
now when you PB you can use the excuse of a kin stone Kappa
if you're green going into vaati, vaati's gonna vaati and you'll lose 3 years :P
More kin stone time loss! Its rock solid! Kappa
Debating on if I wanna stream this kof bracket or just stay in a discord so I can shittalk
It's the same beginner bracket as a few weeks ago, I got 4th last time
And I have way better structure now so I think I can do better
Aheadge! phanto274GL driving home but gl on the run!
did you just try to capture an old lady?
"oh is this my shuttle to my doctor's appointment? A little cramped, but that's public transit I guess..."
Who keeps flipping that pot back over
That's where she puts the burnt out cigs
You can use those to fuse with people and get money and secrets
you've run pape glundo you can't say that
Will Smith crazy or Jeffrey Dahmer crazy?
Which level of crazy are we talking about?
Now we just hope for good doggo rng :>
I'm at work and afk a lot
It's going to be my catch phrase at this point
Even with missing 2 in the last dungeon
I wish you luck on your runs today Phantom!! <3
Oh man I hadnt seen the bomb strat there before, palace or winds looking a lot faster now
Looks pretty good for not having practiced at all
Who needs fairies youre almost full health
Yeah you really dont have much room for error
gibdo was like I HEARD YOU NEEDED TO TAKE DAMAGE?
That sword mashing had gotten ridiculous
Imagine being born with four tiles on your back that someone could use to duplicate themselves and attack you.
so clean it's basically brand new factory fresh
That was a pretty chunky time save, yeah?
That was definitely the best I've seen that go. That was really good
oh you'll want to choke vaati after he ruins this PB
Well see if he hovers over the panels again for fun
I'm not sure if I want to use my points for a Pape seed soon or save them for something else
I guess I should say how much lol phanto274Smile
man I would have never known
aka 30 minute break cause I have lunch during my first 15 minute break lol
I would say that I miss having breaks, but I spend like 80% of my shifts at work just sitting down and playing games/watching streams/eating
I mean that's what my shift is krysta
i'm WFH, they sent me a work computer so I have twitch open on my personal computer which is on the same desk lmao
I just bring my laptop into the shop and actually just don't have to do anything almost the entire time
that's what I'm doing right now too
My bosses encourage us to bring something to do *shrug*
It's because the run is invalid now. You're just doomed to have the best run of your life from here on out
I got a bye this time I won't have to win 9 sets to get where I was last week 
Also feel dumb for just now realizing athena has an instant overhead
never realized j d reached that low lol
it will never cease to amuse me that the music for these darknut encounters is the same for the first encounter you have with the two octorok at the beginning of the game
The damage they could do with that mouth Flushed
the darknuts punished you for the glitch
Missed the end, what time did you get?
How does one accidentally do a glitch in glitchless?
@RavenFP you beat cold steel 3 yet?
Flippers from the start? Droplets seems sus phanto274Thonk
Oh yea I'm halfway through 4 now
I adored the ending of 3 and 4 has been really fucking good
nice I had to wait a year for part 4
Part of me feels like if it's something that's so easy to do that it can be done by accidentally just hitting an npc from a specific distance, it should be allowed :x
Been playing it slow tho cause I've been working on fighting games
But I am in like the middle of act 2
The description said it was the cape...
@RavenFP I just finish to azure and omg the crossbell games are really good
How specific is the distancing for the glitch?
the peachy lychee/orange guava mix is... okay
I also bought sky 1-2 during the spring sale
I'm debating on playing those or zero after I finish cs4
lets go the sky games are so good
Sucks that doing it by accident invalidates the run though :/
Weird that it's possible to do actually on accident and not "oops wrong muscle memory"
How much of a time save is it comparitavely?
Oh 10s is pretty substantial then
Invalidating a run is why I'm terrified of running wwhd glitchless lol
I am going to item slide up a staircase eventually
Ah yes the most useless item in the game mirrorshield
Does it even reflect magic attacks back?
If money could be sentient, then it would have been screaming in agony from that ghost
thats a 33% savings on your purchase for money Kappa
100 Rupees for 300 Rupees, what a scam
And you made the money you spent right back LUL
immediately pulled into a coaching session right when I got back from lunch lol
you have that setting now lol
thats 6.6% savings on money LUL
All these great investments are worth Kappa
Well then I take it back mirror shield DOES reflect attacks back into a beam LUL
does the mirror shield actually do something
Yep I just learned something new LUL
Maybe makes Big Octo slightly faster?
I never got it in vanilla
Wait mirror shield is what the big goron does right
It took someone saying the shield for me to remember what his use was lmao
Every time phantom went by I was like, what does that dude do again?
Did you forget about finding bow? We always want that bow Kappa
If anything you can make Tingle beg for your Rupee scraps after spending them all Kappa
This is actually very fitting LUL
okay whew my hormones are refilled
that's another 3 months of 'em
If only you could pick up the broken sword
Its like money didnt matter to you right? Kappa
mark shields, lantern, bombs, thats it
Its fitting I hear the droplets theme when theres a thunderstorm outside my window
I am proud of you for skipping Tingle. He needs to learn a lesson in rupee management Kappa
Only 20k away from VIP phanto274BLANKIES
Were you running out of slots?
Not if you just do : )
hey hey everyone how goes the night
flew too close to the sun, caught fire
my youtube subscription page is about to get horribly flooded
I subscribe to capcom usa's youtube lmao
time for everything to get crushed under like 150 NT Warrior episodes
yesh sub to phantom do it
i'm not even at 100 subs myself lmao
I played dookie ass and got 7th pepeD
2nd set was 200ms whip and shermie though I take 0 blame for that shit
Didn't block rollback jumpscare crossups linkusShrug
Jenet did the most of my chars and idk how I feel about that I just started with her
Wind element at fortress of winds fitting
did fortress of winds have wind
@mirby_studios we are in sync LUL
and ezlo commenting on how it wans't there
What's up Phantom? How's the rando? phanto274BLANKIES
megaman was a wild ride today
But yea I'm not really annoyed that I lost I'm just annoyed I didn't get any like actual fun sets
Connections being wack is just not fun
the first episode was subbed so they got our hopes up but the rest were all dubbed
pretty crazy seeing official subs tho
we dont know, its all speculation
I didn't touch the tower of the gods portal for a frame so my pb didn't count
I joking said in discord "watch the next one be english dub for the ultimate troll" Never been so mad I was right
Planning on seeing the Super Mario Bros. Movie? Take advantage of this deal! Get a ticket through Fandango when you spend $75 or more on Mario merchandise at GameStop. Its even funnier that this is real. Cheer100
oh its select Mario items... that means the ones that dont sell KEKW
why did you change my kekw?
it says... I will donate $1
so u saying it was either raven or cats who change it
Before it was "My father left me" so
imagine walking up to theatre and paying with mario coins lol
man this rando is fast, I swear 15 minutes ago it felt like you still had a lot left to do and now you're into the last dungeon with the boss key
I gotta run for the night. Hope the end of the rando is smooth :>
Vaati loves those panels more than whatever scheme he's cooked up to take over the world
Hmm, I've never seen the juice, but I work at a vape shop and... there are SO many pog flavors
It's a very common vape flavor
Like, V E R Y common
Oh man I bet that's delicious
Seven easy to follow steps for the prefect Phantom5800 greeting. 1- Stand Up. 2- Look him in the eye. 3- Smile. 4- Take the initiative with a handshake. 5- Introduce yourself. 6- Observe the hierarchy. 7- Get the name right. Phantom5800 isnt that hard to fuck up.
Hey Axl, Mirby and MarioMan :>
I'll believe it when I see it but gl! OhNoWhatHappenedToJoel
hope everyone's having a good day voridaLove
capcom has a lot of nerve to break up my BN anime with SF6 and RE4 phanto274Rage
There were so many fun Joel 's
me checking for all the joels
set em up and knock em down
I have a papa john's next door to my job, so I eat that most
Domino's without deals is way more expensive than it should be
They give us a 50% discount on literally everything for being neighbors
It's like $8 for a large supreme pizza
It's been a while since I've had pizza tbh but Little Caesars has good value
tipping 16% is normal? thats so dumb
I worked in the food industry for so long, I always tip really well
yeah I worked in food too, when ever I want something I get it to go so I dont tip
I mean that's the way to go anyways, cooking at home
@Axl_SR Yeah, very fair. I do that too when I can.
Tipping is a scam invented to save food places money
The only time I don't tip well when ordering food is like.. ubereats drivers. I default to like $2 or something
Im watching some of RE4 on capcoms stream and this game is just to violent for me. I could never play a game like that
I just can't justify tipping someone who literally gets paid to sit in their car whenever they want, without having to clean a restaurant or do anything with the actual food
oh, plus there is drive thru starbucks asking for tips LUL
I swear, some of those drivers are brain dead. My apartment's address is *huge* on the front of the building and I swear they are blind sometimes
I worked at Jimmy John's for six years and did hundreds of deliveries in that time. I have *never* had an issue with finding a place. I just don't understand how hard a GPS and common sense can be for someone.
we regularly get people trying to deliver food downstairs to the basement at work at work.  to the door with no doorbell or entryway.  rather than y'know.  the front door with the actual entrance + ramps and such
Imagine being able to r e a d
my place is in a complex with 4 buildings, each facing a different direction. I tell them mine is the one literally facing the road they drive on to get here. people still can't find me
it's a huge problem since our downstairs is a call center and they will not answer the door 90% of the time and simply take the food for themselves the other 10%
reading is for suckers and losers BasedBidoof
I identify as a loser and a sucker tbh
the upstairs is a law firm so.  :'D always fun having to deal with irritated attorneys who are not happy about missing lunch before a hearing
even worse my building has a giant fucking A on the side, they miss that lmao
also same, please only refer to me as "that idiot"
my animal counterpart is an orange cat and I stand by that
The nickelodeon slime has come alive and is out for blood
it does not like that the slime awards were cancelled this year
I would say doing [thing] for 3 hours a day for 2-3 weeks does make you better at [thing]
you would like to hope and yet
yeah postman is manipped to always be in the way due to the S&Q
Hello Mr Phantom, i've been watching you on your PM64 Rando runs on YouTube for a while now and really appreciate your vods ! Keep it up :D
also I was just labbing some movement for the start of DHC to avoid the cutscene walk
idk some of those item placements could be WAY better
ngl I kind of wish it had popped during that race seed with m4
oh right that reminds me.  I was gonna ask if you would rather not do the pm seed i'd sent you a while back.  since you defs are in need of a break + I originally redeemed it to see it for improvements but I have no memory of it now
ahhhh thank you so much krysta!
Us idiots gotta stick together, ya know phanto274BLANKIES
uhhh I wanna say it was like a month ago?  I don't think i've seen you do it
i'm 90% sure it was a 5hr race seed for me
I have a seed that I want to redeem, but I think I'm going to opt to save the points. I'm enjoying the Zelda and non-pape content
FF11 is entering maintenance mode. end of an era
maybe?  I often miss the start of stream when i'm late at work
nah we had actual updates still coming, entire new scenarios as part of the Voracious Resurgence content
but now it's in that as of... like this week lol
the producer since 2012 has been replaced and moved to another position
basically reallocating dev members to other positions so they can keep working on new things
Yeah I know it, but eeeeh, I almost want to save up the 200k for a new game
could be worse, could be the LttPR seed ice got
I earn points, uh, particularly quickly anyways
I know mine was a race seed and I think it was really weird pathing (i did three in succession and they were all p weird)
it was... one of the seeds of all time lmao
what about the seeds I give you? Kappa
I may not remember specifics but I DO remember that I roll seeds like those last race seeds so :'D
I like to think I gave some content seeds, unfortunately some of them you weren't into bc burnout Sadge
The seed I had, it was like, super blooper chest had 4th ruin key, which had star stone, diamond stone in crystal palace
I remember I had one that was like.  parakarry on fourth rolf, into watt on mt rugged bub-ulb, into.  at least one progression hidden block item.
and I think that was my second seed I ever rolled too
I very much like disgusting logic fun to watch
for mine, I had cleared 1/3/4/5/6, and done *every* check before that blooper check. The seed took me like 5 hours
Got out of the shower and getting ready for work
they check you have enough rupees in the seed so far
unless you set the logic trick to be able to farm with mitts
I'll post it when I get home, the seed is on my desktop
better then rip item 11 when u have no coins
People got annoyed at having to grind for hundreds of rupees sphere 0 to get progression, litterally like 10 minutes of grinding
I also have had some gross seeds in terms of "my pb is on a seed with the expected chapter clears being, in order, 6-scaled toy box, a 1-scaled lp, and a 7-scaled huff"
I'm fine with coin farming if I can buy a item and go resell it
That reminds me, I should play (or at least start) a seed tonight
When the King of Hyrule is sus
I don't think I've ever rolled a hammerless seed that didn't have the hammer in a toad town shop, same with boots/jumpless
I'm always like, "Oh okay I guess I'm just doing a regular seed then."
Best 7 seconds of syrup's hut
just let me roll u a seed u not getting hammer early
only the best seeds for phantom
Heart Drop rates are just bad
yeah you can't reall rely on rng hearts in this run, except for some specific places like fire patches having a high chance
there are plenty of consistent health pickups we just learn
the aim for top level is never get hit, you lose time to getting health
ohhh I forgot about the magnet mitts those were so cool
I like bombs from mm so I can cheat :)
ohhh I would love it if they added Oracle of Ages and Seasons to the switch. really all the GBA and GBC zelda titles now that they dont have an excuse bahaha
we need LttP GBA for Four Swords Online lol
wait they are?? oh I missed that part of the announcement im so pumped yes pls
Nintendo Actually giving access to all their old classics is huge im so happy its finally happening
I just hope its not a monkeys paw situation somehow
I cant believe they added Gargoyles to the Gameboy one. I wasnt aware anyone but me ever played that game
I still have my physical copy of it
but yes gargoyle's quest is a welcome surprise
now add the second one to NES nintendo :P\
they did. and then we just got new NES and SNES the other day lol
like idgaf about some pool game but xevious is a shmup i've heard good things about lol
my biggest question rn is if I can somehow have non rental pokemon in Pokemon stadium 1 and 2 cause if not those games are like borderline impossible to beat without some crazy skill and luck
but until we get an annoucnement of the GB games on NSO... it'll probably stay that way
like how would we have non-rental pokemon with no GB games on NSO lol
a boy can dream that they are gunna add it since the 3DS store is closed now
and we had RBYGSC on 3DS
Gamefreak and TPC kinda make me salty. I like S/V but they were like shadows of what they could have been
RBYGSC connected to bank which connected to home
I wanna say yes. but Im not actually positive
i'm sure they would work to get them added with restrictions to NSO or something (N64 NSO does have currently-disabled transfer pak functionality)
like again we never expected them on 3DS VC and yet
I think that would be a backwards step considering the 3DS VC titles did have support lol
maybe they'll just do their own app
i'm fine with not having save states on them and having that support
since that's how 3DS did it so why change it lol
feels weird that they don't like pokemon cloning when i'm 90% sure it was an option on like.  the gameshark and the ds variant
that's not exactly sanctioned by them tho
also the entire reason that the wonder trade in BDSP took so long was them removing the cloning bugs
that feels even weirder when the ds thing let you unlock those events whenever
and then there was cloning your bike dragon in SV, which has also been removed
that's... also not official yami lol
I get that but lol you'd think they'd have had SOME control over it to at least block the cloning function
which they've done, as i've mentioned
eh I wouldn't go that far for fan challenge
it's likely that whole nuzlocke thing was someone speaking out their ass
i'm just saying if they were against challenges as a whole ironmon wouldn't be as big lol
i've fallen out of pokemon since like.... idk usum?  so
but i'm also not shocked as someone who's gotten really into collecting pokeplushes only to start pulling a surprised pikachu at.  many things.
yeah... but also the response they got was someone completely misinterpreting what a nuzlocke was since we had several people who also work directly with TPC saying "no they know what nuzlockes are and don't mind"
cause the response kit and krysta got was just factually incorrect about what a nuzlocke was
And yet apparently they tweeted a screenshot from Twitch plays Pokemon?
ngl my first thought was "if I was gonna play the games as intended, I wouldn't be thriving in xd gale of darkness + conquest"
they tweeted a screenshot from a later game that was the TPP team without the nicknames, MarioMan
and just said "rate our team"
it's not directly acknowledging TPP nor saying what it is, just a clever nod to it without endorsing it
a bit of a "those who know know but we aren't saying any more"
which is still very in line with not promoting or having those things be part of their brand. and look at some replies to that screenshot
people who didn't get it and were like YOU BOXED THE STARTER THO
also they aren't as take-down heavy for hacks and fangames as of late. they took down essentials a few years ago sure, but there's still plenty of hacks and fangames coming out.
I mean a lot of companies have weird things they perceive the players as "diverting" their "revenue stream"
just don't make 'em big or directly involve them and you're good
is that why pixelmon came back?
There's a reason why Showdown still exists ig
nintendo is very hard on the game communities whereas other companies would view these as "modding" and normally encourage or at the least take advantage of it
nintendo isn't that hard either. they're about as hard as other companies
they just have a really bad reputation that isn't entirely true
and to be fair, not every company can have fnaf's attitude towards fanworks
hello the chat, my name is archibald poopsock. you probbaly know me from my son, reginald poopsock, renowned turok dino HUNTER streamer who briefly held the wr for turok dino hunter 100% and discovered two cheat codes for turok dino hunter. well my son is undergoing rehab foraddiction to adderall and cough syrup, which was pivotal in his turok success. im asking for any donation to help bust him out of rehab to reclaim wr. kindly send cash,checks, or CC# to 787 whipsering meadow lane phoenix az
consider how we have nintendo fangames at SAGE every year. metroid and mario romhacks on the world stage twice a year at GDQ helping to raise millions.
entire memes on twitter about hacking a 3DS being easy
Though I wouldn't say it is because nintendo "hates" the player base, I've seen some really asshole companies that internally refer to their players as walking wallets, nothing but pure and utter contempt
like there are so many things that if nintendo was as hyperlitigious as people act wouldn't be around
I think it's more accurate to say nintendo dislikes certain ASPECTS of their player base
zelda classic has been a fan-made Zelda Maker for 20+ years, it's still alive and well with no issues and it doesn't even do the BETA thing like Showdown does
looking at the og paper marios vs the current ones
and even then that isn't a guarantee to get it taken down
every single gaming news website that reports on a fangame or hack always goes GET IT BEFORE NINTENDO TAKES IT DOWN and probably maybe 1% of those projects are actually DMCA'd
because it had the misfortune to finally release when nintendo was finally making their own M2 remake that they couldn't have known about yeah
even then, you can still download AM2R. nintendo hasn't continually aggressively gotten it removed. they did the initial DMCA and that was that.
and this is why we manip this boss
into the miss for a 3 ink
How much COPIUM do we need?
basically you want to go neutral when your dash is sliding around a corner to avoid bonks
You can always do a crystal rando if you dont want to do this.
don't talk to my best friend lol
single slash isn't consistent in 2nd phase
basically unfreeze left guard and then walk into the trigger walking down, then do minister and bottom guard
I just put up a vid you can check later
Squid1 propokEL propokER Squid4 propokJ hi
Took a break from charity and played Unite
I've been lurking while at the doctor's. Good to see more MC/MCR BloodTrail
Also I started playing ocarina of time last night and I gotta ask
Is the camera ass or am I just bad lol
that really says how shitty your Vaati 2 was before lmao
Was that very little hovering over panels I saw PAUSERS
the babiest of baby PB lol
we still love a baby PB
Is this legit? Unlike yesterdays PB
yesterday's run died horribly after the glitch
the peachy lychee is okay but I can't get past the strong flavor myself
I like the aftertaste more than the beforetaste lol
did you just spend 20 on 20
I vibe with goth link, I love him
I was just staring at it for a hot second, and it's 100% a super dark green tunic
that heart color is a thing lol
Now you can go peril at least
Lil John here say hwat? Okay.
You good there? You look  little broken...
Be careful, dont try too hard.
Green hair guy is Sim City guy.
Heyyo Phantom! How's the rando treating you tonight? phanto274BLANKIES
Is there someone you can talk to that gives hints like in pape?
I didnt even know there was a hint giver in pape
It's the other wizard in merlows house
For a hot moment I honestly thought we had an out of logic break moment happening.
I would but im saving up
And now you have to live with it.
just got back what happened to the 1st seed?
He forgot to check town digging
Hiding from the guy trying to kill his friends for no reason
If Anju had bombs, what was she planning?
Southleft, is that similar to bottomwest
I cannot tell how much health you do/don't have
No the heck way ur serious on diving into the zelda world wish I knew sooner. How has things been
Glitchless is my fave vibe and choice as well.
you ready for the 1 frame ocarina glitch
are we considering that shadow shard in twilight princess an item
it's a weird one.  it feels more like the minnish cap than it does like.  the clawshot lol
I love playing as a wolf though.  wolf link was fun
I always associate tp with wolf link but then those were my favorite parts of the game lol
Yo, GGs on the PB rischJAM
OMG a dragon! Oh its dead
but in terms of actual loz items... I think my fave is either the sand rod from lbw or the dominion rod from tp
I have never submitted a PB if it was less than 10s faster than my previous
Also, its kinda funny, I've been casually playing through PM, and starting to understand things better for rando and such compared to just watching runs
Idk why my brain can't process stuff by just watching LUL
this Link could swim across a fuckin ocean
Yeah, exactly. Like I remembered so much of the run, but then got to Ch4 and couldn't remember the order of the boxes to get to red station
I did it once, and I can't forget it
I learn how to glitch in paper Mario cuz I was watching u
I will never forget the red station boxes thanks to a let's play I watched years ago for it
ruin stone order though?  whoops time to educated guess it every time despite having played this game since I was like.  eleven.
yellow red green blue I think
I will never forget the order ygrb
it's been seared deep into the recesses of my brain and persisted
I'm gonna be so bad, it'll be great rischSmile
I also can't tell how much of my bad movement is attributed to my controller, and how much of it is related to me just being bad
same hat on that one risch
I chalk at least some of mine up to the controller but. I emulate on a wireless controller and I can't tap to spin cancel so.  even my best spin movement will never be great
I do think my controller is actually messed up, though. Like, holding right as Peach wouldn't let me move full speed like half the time
Not yet, Pink Gorilla doesn't sell em
They referred me to Gaming Gurus or something
Yeah, I was planning to get one online
Hey, I usually lurk but I just want to say thanks for all the rando YT vids. IDK how I found you but your stuff has kept me sane through long hours of driving
I love the YT channel, I've pretty much watched them all! phanto274BLANKIES
Also digging what I've seen of these Minish Cap randos. Never seens Minish Cap before but this game is nice
Zelda games are usually a good fit for randos, tbh
It lowers the number of dungeons you're forced to complete right?
Thats dope as hell. I feel like a lot of randos can fall into the trap of just being 100% runs with different ordering
Yeah, would it be possible to have the star spirits be anywhere?
Stops you from being forced to do all gyms
have you done pkm crystal rando w/ shops also randomized?
Cause I love the Paper Mario runs dont get me wrong, but it is funny how the endgame always ends with rushing to finish every chapter
I love extreme full item rando w/ shopsanity :)
oh yeah, those are a bit silly
I had a run where I got 6 badges before ruins of alph lol
Have you/would you do Emerald Rando or does your heart only belong to Gen 2?
last thing I needed ended up being in victory road and I kept avoiding that place :)
Man, all this talk is making me think of the ideas I had for BN randos, but sadly I don't think I can apply thing similarly
Whoops, if you respond to that, I got hit with an ad right as I sent it LUL
Yeah I got ad blasted LuL
Jesus, RE4 does look really pretty. Damn ads influencing me
There we go, no more ads lol
Like, key item, open mode rando is something I can definitely build
But there has to be some restriction on how you access the final boss
i'm color blind and 100% can't see any of your hearts
I mean, the hearts are black so I dont know that you're missing much
Im just gonna assume you're full health at all times
Yeah, the games sadly don't really have restrictions on how to access them other than "reach that point in the story"
Jeeze , Yeah I see now, the two colors are like black and dark grey
I wish the empty hearts were that gray and the full hearts matched link's main coloring
Or honestly just remove black as a rando heart color option
Oh, yeah just picks random RGB values
Yeah, later 2D zeldas have been tough for me for that reason, I cant keep the dungeons straight in my head. I got the dumb brain
have you had isaac's tears (gfuel) ?
it tastes like purple pezz lol
Yeah. I've heard other speedrunners have that issue when they just go to play a game casually as well
isn't there a category of paper mario where you don't get your partner?
what chapters do you skip (if any) in any% no ACE?
I gotta check out runs of it. Malleo's TTYD TAS is one of my go to sleep vids
I know its a lot of work for runners but I love a good commentated run
Honestly you do a great job of talking through things while you do randos
Oh for sure, when you're going for a good time you gotta be focused on the run more than explaining stuff
gdq is an ok place to learn some things but not in depth
Yeah, GDQ is nice for getting entertaining commentary
But obviously if you wanna learn the run most communities have tutorials
I mean, if all other logical options have been exhausted
The most logical of the logical option then haha
Swordmaster actually taught you something? Madness.
just need to collect all of the figurines for the heartpiece lol
One of the worst places for something to be LUL
Vaati 1 reminds me of the moth from Bug Fables
The music change does not help LUL
Damn, I was JUST about to take a nap
Well last week I won my Echoes weekly. Today I got utterly trashed by it
y'all got a scene for that
New Game, thats the best option.
@pethanct01 wrong. "Option" is the best option.
is this a new webcame, lmao
hello I see pokie man is on the menu today
some good new options, but not overboard like SHOCKSLAYER PRESENTS SHOCKSLAYER PRESENTS CRYSTAL CLEAR VERSION
we don't need sonic adventure 2 music for battles
Why would you ride a bike indoors?
@seventyfourtg saw your dm, we'll see how I feel after a nap
I ask myself why I can't use bikes indoors everyday
If you use a bike indoors you will put road wear on your floors
They still named it Slowking in the game with genders
next professor oak will be spouting late 90s memes
dancing baby rendered on the GBC
Going to buy Crystal and Link Between Worlds before e-shop closes
A shirtless man gave you charm.
wtf is in the shaker that aint just water
Pokemon gamers need to be caffeinated to play crystal rando
my favorite variety paper mario streamer?
Is move deleter in this game?
That's a free pokemon right there
Man really brought a zapdos instead of a hoothoot to sprout tower
got the memo but decided to show everyone up
Ah yes, the world of Pokemon, where healthcare is free but Lemonade is 200 bucks. What the psykitHeck ?
I forgot the conversion rate but it's close to regular yen
@CaptainMD13 they use yen its more like 2 bucks
A seasoned pokemon master can make 200,000+ Pokeyen an hour battling
Brothers in arms. Thats the team
Next you're going to find Scyther and Scizor
Anywho, was there something you were trying to say before Slowbro came into the picture?
We need a regular slowpoke to complete the set
Fair enough, I know the feeling
my boy exeggcutor either hates or is mildly okay with bugs, depending on how well grown it was.
This team is a strong defensive core
have you ever been in a situation where your diglet couldn't evolve when it was on like donkey Kong.. it's like you needed a Mario  to make it bigger but instead you get a  from Mario Kart.. but it was like sonic the hedgehog but over before it started with no continues.. so you lay down like snorlax really embarrassed.. it's like you need a majoras mask to cover yourself in front of princess Peach.. not the castle you wanted to show her
You know what Pokemon games need? The Neuralyzer from Men in Black, just in case you don't reaaaally wanna battle trainers.
EW WTF IS THE CRYSTAL ZUBAT ANIMATION
u vill take ze center and u vill be happy
funny you name that zubat after me i had a shiny zubat in heart gold last time i played
Got work GL with the Rando
physical shadow ball off an arcanine
Thats Poke Rando for ya lol
afk'd a minute did I miss a rock rhino dino?
The new anime antagonist has one
might jump in those restream chats for the airing episodes and ask what it's called
A fogbadge for your bicycle so everyone can know you've visited PokeJapan
ask that old man what's the difference between the 2 max repels
not if we get another wild main switch
level 14 mewtwo in the bug catching contest
Why would u lie to the professor
this is going in your marks
wait it was to your mom
im losing my pokemon trivia edge if I ever had one
marioman could of been a diglett
I realized in uni that I was actually bad at trivia when some kid could buzz in the pokemon stadium 2 trivias way early and get them all right
thinking back on it that was a skill I had earlier in childhood, it had just faded from me earlier than it had for him
I assume you know what Suicune is?
Think it'll be better than your Slowbro?
You want some bulk for a campaign main
it's why blastoise fucks so hard
I'm sure he would have given you something else if you were a bit older :)
I realized after posting that that might have been ambiguous... I'll just leave it at that
jamie pull up the tag totals
yo kid you can keep the fogbadge
The surf music could be the D/P surf music if this was SHOCKSLAYER PRESENTS CRYSTAL CLEAR
tm splash, you love to see it, hey phantom fearfu36Love
Looks like you're in need of an upgrade soon...
This is why elekid is top tier in little cup
Why is it all babies and cocoons? KEKW
I take it this seed is not being kind?
(not really i dont even have twitter)
You got pass, there's always Vermilion surf or bike path
Though sounds like you'll have crappy encounters anyway LUL
At least these Digletts can't have Arena Trap...
Damn the inflation on those Ultra balls
ultra balls price nerfed for balance reasons
why did this gyarados turn hairy
it's only supposed to have 2 whiskers, not 4
nevermind getting owned by level 18 gyarados
Hope I'm reading that right anyway
t punch jolteon, where is it when you wanna have it ?
what is this I'm a zubat and marioman get to be a legendary  OOOO
I think it'll help to just... not be the slowest thing on the planet
If super-effective moves can OHKO with 10-level disadvantage, you'd better be faster
Hear me out, just get gear and pivot on snorlax
Apparently Hypno's was pretty similar but still pretty sure Suicune was Kynx
What is it? Wasnt hear for it.
Maybe this will be your first cutless seed
Oh really? I haven't had the pleasure yet
I also play with Ilex tree tho
Didn't you run skarmory last time?
It had Drill Peck last time, which actually came clutch
Have you done rock tunnel yet? Or do you usually wait for machine part
Ah right I keep forgetting there's 3 hidden so I always bump it up on my list
what's the main switch i tabbed off
charizard is the superior fire bird
is that a fckn 60 skarmory
skarmory owns just get spikes and whirlwind
bros why didn't vileplume become dark type hello
and why isn't umbreon poison type like the beta?
ho oh is a slow frail physical attacker
lugia was the real gen 2 box legendary
Hivebadge last is ideal for sure lol
Basement is always juiced for me
Yeah I've debated it as well
Maybe hive is the one you skipped in Mortar phanto274Smile
lvl 50 mewtwo wiped out red
Mewtwo and PB, name a better duo
I'm also not sure why I play with required E4
Ah well I was right about a badge at least, wrong one though
So a Cut not required seed, you love to see it
Why that old man live alone with the bind tm Flushed
What point did you get surf access
If it's not 100% accurate, it's 50% accurate YEP
Kanto E4 is a check, right?
I just went to check on the Pape league race... JCog and Paperario both got 2:50
I wasn't keeping up since I was here but I may want to watch the VOD later
What a waste of a full restore. Using it on a Sunflora. Stupid AI.
Sounds interesting. The KH one is pretty slick.
I haven't been watching the whole time so idk
Zephyr checks, well, and alph are all clear?
Did Mt Moon have a shop? Wasn't watching
did u ever go back for the check u miss in that 1 cave?
did u do the mt moon shop
Hmm I can't think of anything unless you missed a shop
Yeah you're gonna want to mess with the CSS big time
I WAS ASLEEP FOR DAMN NEAR 3 HOURS?.?
That explains why I haven't heard this shit
I cant get a shiny giratina
@SeventyFourTG No you're the 74 viewer
I learned last night that taco bells in the cities are 24hours again
I'd offer to help but I'm not sure if that would make it any faster
Would that cut-off be a cropping thing?
Nice VS B(r)owser music, very fitting
It'll be better next time for sure phanto274Smile
Why are there level 2 Gyarados in the grass?
Will we ever see a non-water type?
These questions and more to be answered this seed
Crystal Rando says: Take some fuckin' SIPS, babes!
tm doesn't count as points right
why did it type it 2 times lol
why tf does Rando hate Water-types with some EXTREME prejudice
Hey, at least it's not Kaizo
I missed most of the last seed, who won? Phantom or the seed? I need to know for my March Madness bracket.
You didnt finish the last seed?
Level 9 Shuckle w/ 2 Electric moves, all starters and route 1 wild mons were Water type
it's hard to read on mobile
black on purple is not great
i can read it but it not pretty
Wanna know the definition of Shopsanity???? Going to the shop and finding the same.... items.... every.... time!
yo thanks for the tier 1 sub!
@kamenr1derFAIZ Thanks for the gift sub!
I have access to the mod logs now
just luck out and get pokegear radio and expn get the snorlax
just win the lotto and find a doggo
just win the lottery and get curse and body slam TMs with snorlax
Thats odd, I dont remember that
Is that a randomized setting or is that a vanilla need?
I hate how hard the evolution stones are to get in vanilla in Gen 2 and 3.
Good thing I still have my gameshark.
1 water stone per save file in R/S is based
1 free earthquake tm before the box legendary too
so what should I do for dinner
I'm thinking about making a burrito bowl
you guys wanna see a puppy
I hope the puppy isnt in the burrito bowl.
I dont like where this is going
no my dog just being cute wanted to share
I wonder what the best grass pokemon was in the first two gens.
There werent really any good stab grass moves in this era.
celebi? Can't remember if it was grass kappa
it's also just bad matchups in addition to shallow move pools
Razor leaf being a better option shows how limited the moves were
razor leaf also has high crit chance tbf
Youd think that they would give a starter type better options.
Gen 1 Venusaur, razor leaf usually hit with a crit for me.
Gen 1 crit works different than any other gen
there's some mon that will literally always crit cuz of there speed with high crit moves
there's a calc and tldr if it goes over 100 you'll always crit
I did not understand typing too well when I was a kid and thought it was confusing when Venusaur would kill birds with Razor Leaf. Its not very effective, but critical hit. How can something not being effective and be critical at the same time
this seed wants you to die
Watch you run into a dog and get a pivot after this
I heard a caterpie as well as Suicune
This is early game though, there should be access to wild pokemon of the same level.
so what's the point value system
just watched the cringest anime that ever cringed #DontJudgeMe
You get croconaw immediately as well I hope
Will the real revive please stand up?
Yooo Phantom!! Crystal rando time, even though I'm late lol how's it been going? phanto274BLANKIES
This looks Pape levels of frustrating
Hes been stuck with Goombario for the last hour
phanto274Facepalm that sucks im so sorry
I have more hope for the lvl 60 Ho oH
Might need to at this point
I mean regardless I just wanna make sure you're enjoying yourself
I was on the side of reroll until you said it would end the stream
I'd rather you stop than force yourself to keep playing when you're not having fun
You should reroll and see what the next seed is
Don't want a repeat of Pape
It's okay, if you're not having fun it's not worth it
Pretty sure Suicune was Caterpie or Goldeen anyways
This seed was sponsored and cursed by mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
hey a good Pokmon for once
Imagine getting Ice Beam on top of this. Giga Drain is good against ground at least
oh and you fixed the tracker for this run looks much better
Outrage for the Dragons and Plants too at least
can it be like surf locked
I've only done key item so idk where non major stuff is
This game really wants you to have poisonpowder
who the frick 's paying 1500 poke dollars for an Ultra Ball
Alright I'm back, did you already run one of these?
that seed said: "here's a buncha water-types. Now, DIE"
Oh no I got an ad LUL
@klink06 seed gave NOTHING but water-typess THEN made him fight a Shuckle engineered to MURDER water-types
Whoops, let my phone run out of battery. Ill watch on the TV. No more comments from me. Good night. phanto274GL
So are all the values the same for this or are some things worth more like in KHR
Oh yeah I'd totally give this a shot
Yeah if you can set up a mon early you can just rush
0 chance of winning? I think not Kappa
I hear Vegan burgers are the best for enjoyment if you include a certain plant in it Kappa
I got a double smash from a local place it was good
well i just beat re4 remake
Yes you are fighting rival just get good Kappa
You could always do entrance rando and go to mt silver or Ho-Oh entrances for good pokes Kappa
what if i redeem 1 Kappa
pretty sure smallant has done entrance rando in one sitting
a delightful STAB once you get ampharosite
That weezing had nothing on you even the first time Kappa
You just need to believe in yourself and the logic of the seed is all Kappa
There is always dark cave without flash to break logic for checks phanto274Smile
shouldnt tbolt still do a lot cuz tangela has shit spdef or did they rando the stats?
are you only using your starter to battle?
Gym leader seed it is Madge
whisqEvil POV youre a shiny articuno in lake rage
have you ever wondered what happens when you take Badge and add another GE to it? You get the Badgege emote LUL
Is this the point system for key items like in pape?
Time to absolutely body that weezing
Theres like only a few waterfall checks right?
They took a page from mister206Gombidious and showed up when you didnt want them to Kappa
I see you are a believer in the motto Dont f*** with Shuckle? LUL
Teach shuckle substitution and toxic give it leftovers and it becomes a nightmare
Yep finally you have power contained in a CD LUL
It is a work or art LUL
Guess you are going for the E4 check soon?
What other 3DS game(s) should I get? I have 20$ left
How do you rate this rival team?
what is this new setup over there?
Why not buy a shitload of rare candies?
You're just lucky this isn't monado's chat
If you fail a pyramid there you go in jail for 5 minutes
Red is just teasing you. You just need to plow through him Kappa
isnortfridgemold is a pretty good stream
Hope you have a great night! This seed was fun phanto274BLANKIES
Glad I can catch a stream agai I
Good luck I'm out running errands
It's only March and it's already 89 degrees, not ready for summer lol
Is this something you compile yourself?
I saw the talk but didn't understand what was going on LUL
So you would never find watt?
What's Chapter 6's dungeon even considered?
This is a pretty cool concept
This not being one of them
Predictions on Goombario's total play time? New record maybe?
Current record for Goombario play time has to be the last seed I sent
So what're you mixing up this time, Phantom? Kappa
if this was a 3ss run its possible to  only have goombario as a partner for the entire run
So certain things are in logic and others are not?
What do you mean don't exist?
everything in those dungeons is probably trash
Do you ever find doing vanilla paper mario runs fun? @Phantom5800
Can you not get multiple berries from Whacka? (I know it's not logically replenishable but...)
So all those checks will be moved out of there to other places? Neat.
Now that you have Super Hammer, you can get to Desert from the other side YEP
Been a while, I think I could start being more active here
Ch6 being in logic seems likely
I forget, this is paper mario randomizer?
Would u say randomizer is more of a challenge than regular paper mario?
Wait, are you calling us children? /s
Oh wait wrong save spot lol
33 makes sense, I feel like it's normally 21-22 XP, x1.5
Norm gives 21 so 33 Mia sense
Hey Phantom! How are you today? Back on the pape let's goo phanto274BLANKIES str9ngHype
Badges could matter, chapter scaling could also matter more than usual
Axl and I finished our race like 5 minutes apart last night, it was close
time to bust out the cheater tracker :tf:
i'm very close to finishing paper mario black pit
I was wondering if that was intentional LUL
I think your odds of finishing with <8 partners this seed are pretty low
Yeah but at least when you come back you don't have to listen to the beeping
So at this rate, Bombette is somehow the only partner that might not be logically required
Everyone else is at least guaranteed to be findable
right now the difficulty i have with black pit is the last 10 floors of the classic pit, cause everything hurts and has 20 hp
yeah, that would be a good idea
i have all the upgrades and all the badges, at least
Boots in Forest is convenient, right?
I just bought the n64 mario golf not that long ago
so gerudo exile is a link to the past romhack where it's just harder lttp
Just submit glitchless to the same lb as ACE runs YEP
what else does that command work with lol
I think it works with any word, right?
Could've gave me anything but it gave me sweet
i forgot amiibo festival even existed
bot just went "you should speedrun TRASH"
yo know what i'll take it
It's at least not the board gane LUL
low key i love speedruns of animal crossing
Out-of-logic impossible cake can't even be useful YEP
@phantom5800 You should try speedrunning E.T the Extra Terrestial for the Atari 2600 -Whatever%
wait did spell check fuck up
also low key could give me a speed game to try tbh
just gave me the 2 Scenario
yeah i just beat that a couple days ago lol
bot finally with a good suggestion
i can't wait to see everyone struggle to figure out how to fight The Count in BN6 Legacy Collection cause they never had before
Mario Clash is a Virtual Boy game YEP
oh is it that one game shown in wario ware?
i fought him for Surge of Power footage for that GaMetal remix and my god that might just be my favorite BN6 boss fight. Can't wait for y'all to experience it
there no other dragon ball speed games?
Did you at least check the thing you need Bombette for here?
Can you? Will the game let you?
I am glad you didnt have to suffer from yesterdays race seed open prologue gave vanilla mister206Gombidious damning the seed from the start Sadge
I guess that makes sense for logic completability
and it give me a fighting game
god dammit it just got stupidly busy at work
Oh I'm fighting too I guess
now a 3ds game this bot i swear
The Dark Lord Plagues you once more and welcomed you back in this seed Sadge
the command was discovered and now that's all your chat is lol
i just didn't know it work for any game
I was about to say, Sushie go mode for 6 and then THERE SHE WAS
This just feels wrong to see that path be completely loaded here
ok not what i was thinking
sorry phantom, we broke it again
@Rigby234 i'm downloading the romhack now
no need to save the yoshis
Glad the bot got through to you
you think the bot is working again
The Randy of Randos is here
Funny how Sushie is still required in multiple places for this seed with no ch5
How did Goombario fit into all this? How and why? LUL
Smadge is a great expression and emote to look at LUL
Only if there's a volcano in 7 YEP
wow i make it look up my main speedgame and it gives me the bad category
big's big world 100% is way more fun. i only added any% because people asked me to. also i'm the mod for that game lmao
I think toybox and palace seem unlikely, so probably some combination of ruins, fortress, volcano
Oi bot I was here first
I would run that for your Mirby LUL
it gave you anything but destiny 2
you see that doesn't exist anymore
well rigby, it seems we must
Bot not taking no for an answer
You should try speedrunning Pokmon Korosu - Any%!
bot again that does not exist anymore
lol, it's a romhack of firered inspired by kill bill
Goes to show how much I know LUL
Wouldn't it have been faster to not mash against the clouds
Same as Power Plus if you block everything
SHE WAS SEALED AWAY FOR BEING TOO SPOOPY
wow what the fuck kind of climate is this
How did they even freeze a ghost?
went directly from ice and snow to grassland
Paper Mario is a choking hazard lmao
Dear Phantom, I've got a Megadrive and I hate it but the thing is my parents love the thing and wont let me sell it to buy a SNES. Is there a converter that makes it able to play SNES games on the very sad Megadrive? Or vice versa? Cheer100
i haven't even casually 100%'d that
i still need to watch Beast+ since that's been fully fansubbed finally
i just started watching stream today
stream might just have the best opening
stream was pretty good, but it did have a slow start
im sure it picks up once they introduce dark mega
STAR 96 we're super mario world in here
30 minutes until the eShops die tghSad
yo the return of required dungeons yoshiGasm
which means 30 minutes until a decent Paper Mario game goes unobtainable digitally
i'm referring to color splash, sticker star is trash lmfao
look i just had to throw shade at sticker star okay
that must've been a sheer cliff
was Toy train in the ch 1 dungeon?
4SS = 4 star spirits? Trying to cut back on times?
Glitched logic would make sense but other than that no clue
like where ever the dungeon lead too
You almost got it bot! I believe in you
yeah way to go bot that was mostly coherent
i have no idea what i'm looking at
My eyes are trying to comprehend what I am seeing and I am smh pretending to understand LUL
basically everything on the right side is a list of locations and the items, grouped by sphere
on the left is the code that generates a graph of chapters (or paths)
I feel like we're witnessing a coding montage
quick, you have to finish before the track ends
Was there no other chapter you could've beaten?
I hear this theme and think of Falcon Punches LUL
man the MK8 F-Zero tracks go so hard
do it with no bugs 4Head
You can always just probe it and see what happens Kappa
This code feels familiar. What are you trying to do?
Did you try deleting the 0 and adding in the shuffle code?
the 3DS/Wii U eShops are now officially dead
I don't understand, why did you need to special case ToyBox and flower fields?
@mirby_studios rip another part of my childhood
I hacked 2 3DS' yesterday since it's officially abandonware now
on the other hand, Pokemon Bank is now free forever
I get to reunite with my banked pokemon I put in there back in 2013
with the free couple of months they gave people at the beginning
maybe find one of my breeder froakies
Yep I wish I knew to do that Sadge
Entrance rando fixes that in a way
you have to keep playing pokemon randos so that I can ask their names if they're a bipedal rhinocerous rock monster
crystal is cool but the last couple of time just been shit pokemon
There's a fan game that has an interesting method of randomization, you choose a range of Base Stat Totals that the randomized pokemon can be pulled from. So the trainers you face can be closer to their Vanilla power
That's assuming it actually works now
Very cool. trying to do it like Minish Cap
that means you run the risk of not ever seeing Power Rush and the likes, yeah? We might have to deal with a non-Danger Mario setup
personally I think that's more interesting to watch
though I can see it being more annoying for runners
Is bowser scaled down to ch 5?
just buy 10 life shroom catBlast
Oh true, you know the entrances but not the actual dungeons
why is Rugged open? Seed setting?
It only failed 10% ish on my end
But as I said I just need to make it retry properly on failure, I'll work on it soon
Some setting combos already have similar failure rates
The math behind randomizer logic is cool as hell. Seems so complex
I gotta head out, I hope your changes fixed the issue. If they didn't we'll figure it out. Have fun!
I mean, yeah, thats what it is right?
you accidentally patched these out KEKW
check the code did you accidentally patch it
I had to leave for a while, how did the end of the last seed go?
So what chapters are in logic for this seed?
So, dumb question, by chapter does that mean the entire chapter area or strictly the dungeon?
Reminds me of yesterday's race seed tbh
Don't know if you saw the beginning of that seed but Kooper start, 3 Fortress Keys in sphere 0, and yet Fortress was barren
4th key was also go mode lol
Imagine braving a lava cave for a nut
lol, the eye roll on Watt was harsh, I felt that
"I need a lot of money actually." whoa whoa we're not supposed to get this real around here
@Mirby_Studios Why are you ME? I'm ME.
I got 5 coins, best I can do
Cheer500 Here, this gives mario coins right? Kappa
I didn't know that was a bit alert, that's funny LUL
Jesus, does that get longer with the bit amount?
uh oh, hammer spam is never a good thing to come into LOL
In vanilla you can hammer that block 100 times for an Ultra Shroom :)
clip as in twitch clip or clip as in respectfully cheating
OH IT WAS A CLIP. I ONLY HEARD HAMMERING IN GAME
I would be funny if somehow it was one hammer for each bit
But itd be funny the first time
If you have a vtuber model you can have hammers thrown at you for every time you get smacked
I'm not ready for V-Tuber Phantom5800
Hey Phantom!! What's this new setting let Mario do the boring shit for travel its just a quiz lol
I think a lil ghost v tuber would work well!
Not that im suggesting you need to hide behind a model, you're a handsome dude
Theoretically you could to it with just an extra webcam and any model off on the side (not on the OBS) to throw things at a webcam too but it doesn't actually affect the person like it would a model naturally
Who said you were fighting Lava Piranha? Kapp
can do a lotta mole whackin' with that hammer
As in, who said you would be doing the fight Kappa
Right, XP matters. Interesting dilemma then
Was there a point to buying the attack FX Badge? Or just for funsies?
I'm a fan of FX B (slide whistle) personally :)
Been out of town for work. Not a whole lot of time to catch streams much.
I'll be out of town for probably 8months. Lol
Pays good. But you go insane after a while.
50+ XP for a 1-scaled boss is pretty big
Goodbye to that guy in particular
Boots away from beating the chapter
Can also enter a new dungeon
Been a while since we've had a prediction here, would it be appropriate to run a "what's in toybox" pred?
Options would be Fortress, Ruins, or Something else
Since you have the most for those 2
also i had a customer chat in to mention that they had a nail in their tire but weren't sure if they should contact the service center... like yes. you should call them. the hell am i supposed to do lmao
Should I just throw all 89k points in there? Lmao
I'll close it early if you leave ch6
Assuming you're going to Toybox next
Oh, I get what you did now for the settings.
Good thing I vet on something else. Lol
I only through in 1k points.
eventually you'll get the Elite Smash reward
Now I'm 1k points farther from vip dammit.
I mean if we're gonna start doing gambas, then you need some high phantoken item to strive for
I don't know if we're going to be doing preds all the time but it's fun to do them more than never
i have no idea how to run 1
You need to be in mod view @blacktiger51
New gamba, how long will it take Tiger to learn how to do a prediction
Maybe I'll try that next time
A good long term gamba how long until Phantom gets annoyed at the seed
that's kind of hard to quantify
Not really a time quantification but there could always be a "does he finish"
I think you can only have one pred going at once, and so you wouldn't want to use up the entire seed's pred with "will he finish?"
That makes it perfect for a pred then :)
There is only one pred at a time but idk what the appropriate number of preds/stream is for a channel this size
generally when it's good to do, but a general metric is maybe one per 30 minutes to an hour?
with dungeon shuffle, definitely an easy pred is like the one we just did
The problem with high frequency is people get bored and/or broke very quickly, especially without partner-level viewership numbers
If you make me a mod, Ill turn your chat into gambling junkies
for sure, don't want to overdo it
I dont think you want me to be a mod. Too many reasons
with a great degree of difficulty
This seed needs some dirty talk...wtf bot. L0l
My question is what are people typing in the chat to corrupt the bot that badly
Maybe one of these days I'll be able to travel to... any event of any kind lol
You can always eat the cake mix for maximum chaos.
Do you know yet if you'll be running anything at GDQ?
i thought you said that would be hard
4SS in the title looks like you are trying to dodge the twitch censors
Have you checked 4th ruins key, perchance
@pethanct01 does 4SS mean something I should know
Dirty numbers for the bot to think about.
I read the title as ASS logic
Cant be 7, we know that. Unless the logic really is ass.
Rowf makes a forced chapter order more likely, whereas turning him off would be more likely to have a mini boss rush
With all the ass talk in chat, I thought we were going to give gourmet guy the cake from behind.
That would qualify as ASS logic
Turning him off would make the endgame more similar to most 7-spirit seeds
Do you have the developers permission to break their randomizer?
and yet you still have goombario obtainable. smh my head :P
Burnt Life Shroom->unblocked light should give peril
Could have unblocked bomb too lol
You can do it, I believe random239Bless
Wow I havent seen that star spirit power used in agesss
Giving you that repel back random239Pog
Morph tiff Ryan arie dreaded and Lopez all say hi
Sounds like a decent way to die
We have you on the big screen 
Fuck you bowser the whole room true
This t3 shit is so lame
Power smash/watt is when you know its sketch af
Glad you had fun with pape :)
i have only the highest of expectations for my streamer
So long as you're having fun, Phantom phanto274Mash
My hair is very long, poofy and soft, so it's a constant, active effort not to touch it
Was just a quick stop in to say gl but I'll be back in an hour phanto274Jam
OG is never consistent, even at high level no one gets it every time
it has a quick retry speed so its not something to get worried about
the main pain is when you fail it 10 times in a row
when you gonna do more paper mario?
if you can get portal items and the lake door setup, then everything else is super easy
crenel clip is not in beginner
its not too bad, its fine to learn if you want
doing crenel clip gives you options
I would learn peahat over crenel clip
crenel clip saves like >1 min but peahat is over 3 mins
having done glitchless you are more prepared than most beginners
it will feel like a different run, beginning is similar but later on its less about health management and more down to doing tricks
bosses are the same, we just skip some fights
ooh someone interested in hundo 
you are aware of the 40 minute manip at the end?
its a tricky category, you have to be flexible and adapt the route on the fly
I tried to have as much info as possible in the current notes, It should explain how to read them
I need to run hundo again, I'm itching for that sub 4
I had a 4:04 a year or so ago and had 5 mins of dumb mistakes
WR does an older route prior to the 2021 discoveries
theoretically a decent run from me should be WR
a few weeks back seceon did a run that was on the same pace as my PB but died to fig manip
would have been like a 12 min PB for them
fig manip is a real slog
I don't recall if I was there for that
That's not fun, then again you say you only speedrun games with a high chance of RNG killing runs so...
Does RNG kill a lot of runs in this game?
That sucks too cause he was ahead
I started dropping 85% of my stream for like over 10 minutes and it showed no sign of getting better, so I just stopped
@MarioManTAW RNG that can kill runs can be mitigated by learning manips, but manips like vaati manip do take a high level of skill to perform consistently
You'll get another fresh run soon dw
I was only 40 seconds behind after Ch4 so it was really good still
There isn't much RNG past that point in the run so it was mainly just execution from then on
minish cap, my favorite 2d loz
my glitchless PB was +20 at earth element
Yeah I see you're nearing 1K
GL Phantom, what a way to wake up from an unintended nap phanto274Smile
Hey you should all Follow http://twitch.tv/phantom5800 for a TTYD Glitchless run
Also rip Monado, that sucks Sadge
Twitch Chat loves suffering. It makes for some solid content
Should I play TTYD before that follow goal? phanto274Thonk
but he can't read it at least it's in jp
Yeah I would do english, especially for Ch3
Just be like sway and read them in like 2 frames
I'll read them for you Kappa
With how good he is I wouldn't be surprised if he just learned a language instantly
@RavenFP Sway isn't the only one who can do that jcogCool
Follow-up question: should I play TTYD? LUL
I started a shufflizer of it
I hope we get a randomizer akin to the pm64 one for that game
One day we'll have a TTYD randomizer like PM64
Yeah it's just the badges and consumables basically
It randomizes some stuff in the Pit if you want it to
Yeah I still like PM64 rando even though I've barely done runs of it
Part of me wants to buy a combo breaker ps4 pad but the other part of me knows that shit will be 200 bucks and idk if I'll have that right before moving LOL
btw fairies drop way more commonly in rando because the game replaces the shell and kinstone drops with fairies
I need my work hours to pick up already
I told my boss to put me on every holiday so I can get time and a half at least
fairies don't drop randomly unless you complete figurine game or complete every fusion, its a vanilla behaviour
Also avoids interaction with my dad so it's a win win
you can talk to that minish after the library visit
after you put out the fireplace
its only the dog you have to talk to there
yeah there is a minish stood in the way in the stranger house
that minish blocks you until you talk to blue minish
Phantom you missed a very real green rupee in there
what platform do you play this on btw
yeah Wii U is technically slightly faster because the save goes through near instantly instead of the pause you normally see
I myself boot into GBI with my old SD Media Launcher
most people play on emu for this game, the version differences are so small we don't care much as a community
@Myth197 I can appreciate this, having emulation is nice, gets more people into the game
we used to ban emulator for years, nearly killed the community before it was revoked
I think more communities should allow some sort of emulation on boards, be it a time restriction or separate tab. But that's not my place to say for every community
@Monado For us the main factor was that emu was very accurate and didn't give a major advantage. In fact the Wii U port is far less accurate and gives more of an advantage
I actually remember a community banning the Wii U version of a game. I don't follow them much anymore but it was NSMB Wii
@Monado yeah I think most communities should allow emulators at least up to like say 10% of WR time so people can get into the game before committing to getting the console/version setup
@Monado Exactly how I feel too
People like seeing their times on boards
Everdrive doesn't emulate the save speed correctly so is not allowed for TMC
This might be a hot take, but I think more communities show allow booting off of Nintendont for GameCube games. Due to load inconsistency with discs, on top of minor hardware differences adding to that load difference
Discs are also just getting harder and harder to get
I don't care where the load comes from or perseived authenticness. I just want the advantages to be so much that they make up for more than execution skill
Nintendont isn't even emulation either, so I think that gives it more ground to be allowed
I believe we allow everdrive on the extensions leaderboard because the runs on there are mostly romhacks and wouldn't be playable otherwise
@Myth197 Yeah that makes sense, romhacks and the sort wouldn't be possible outside of emulation then (I'd think)
Just kill the normal sized octorok faster
can't get 0 ink every time
octo manip is really required to avoid this
its the same all the way to the end, then you look for like 3 different patterns
technically 5 but the others are pretty rare, you get used to it quick
everyone just has the image open in runs anyway
spotting the pattern should be the only hard part once you get the movement which from what I saw you mostly do
yeah I'm glad I finally documented the consistent strat for the 2nd fight
cato told me about it ages ago but I kept forgetting about it
its in that demo I made
I told you I subscribed, didn't I LUL
and yeah I am still here, lurking
I dont remember you telling me
lmao yeah, I don't know how you swap from rando to vanilla so quickly
I have to only do one, and then spend a week to acclimatise when I swap
Funny how people have to announce that.
I had some pretty prolific rando loses from autopiloting a glitchless section and skipped a chest
there are some specific sections I have to remind myself of the run I'm on, like ToD dark maze chests
ToD is the best in hundo, its soooo good
got to do the cape jump into the hole
jump is slightly slower but consistent
only 20s lost from falling twice isn't bad
That was the tensest part of the run just now
wasn't even hovering and he was still rude
you walked after the spin so your slash was too late
got to just mash out of the spin
your V2 was fine outside of the missed slash btw
yeah, you walk slower and its easier to line up
I try and point the sword tips to be in line with the eyes
I found that I was messing it up when I had my monitor at a different angle to normal
most people in 2:30s do it, no one in sub 2:30 doesn't do it
we need to get that wind tribe option sorted so we can have red fusions back on
I'm saving my points for pape plando
I haven't tested it, but I heard its great
BTW I timed the run to be a 2:35:09.03
lol i mean you don't NEED to drink
except that you literally do to live...
Redeem to have him NOT drink. Kappa
I made the logic tricks be "Would someone know to do this during their first rando"
the scum lost its usefulness now homewarp exists
i love the run animation in this game
so the new TotK gameplay trailer made me want to play Twighlight Princess
sword and spin is what opens the left exit to town, like in vanilla
I think your right about BotW and open world Zelda
a linear experience is better for the story
you got spin from boots and sword
if it was yellow, you can do a boot dash past the guard that is really tight
tracker still has a lot of logic bugs still
idk after think about it more I am just craving a more traditional Zelda
i understand that sentiment, and thought i disagreed but honestly my expectations are low as well...
the trailer looked alot like BotW
we would never teach the bot THIS D:
We'll just hope the kids are at the age of consent.
I wonder what that Keese was planning to buy with that 1 rupee it dropped.
I'm saving up for a long speedrun. :)
I'd pay 200K points to watch you learn SMO if I don't get a funny seed before then
For the sake of argument, we can count anything on the tracker as progression
That's how Pape's spoiler log would count it anyway
I did a dungeon shuffle tonight, ch7 led to toy box, blue station had frying pan so I had to leave and come back KEKW
I think I'd like to start doing about 1 prediction/stream as long as I can come up with something to predict
i hope the new one is good this year
One streamer does prediction gambles based on how fast he might clear something, whether he takes damage or not, will he die, etc.
He manages to do a lot of predictions per stream and his chat complains about going broke.
Theoretically even bomb bag/wallet upgrades could count
I didn't see that was on the tracker
Nawp, it goes to garbage :)
I am biased so I cannot say
He had ten hearts when he checked.
If it's too ambiguous, I could refund too but I think we're leaning toward garbage
Congrats to those who voted Garbage
How about this for a gamba: "Is Gust Jar in the overworld or dungeon" refund if he doesn't get it in this run.
You could also do, what will he find first of those three items.
That would give people another chance to win points.
Suggestions are appreciated since I'm not super knowledgeable about this game but I probably won't do another gamba this stream, don't want to burn people out
Perpetual gambling is fine in larger streams but I think it would get stale fast if we tried to do that here
Yknow, Minish caps dark nut designs are one of the best besides TPs Darknut.
It's weird that darknuts weren't in BotW considering they had Moblins and Bokoblins.
People are modding in dark nuts for BotW funnily enough
Hopefully they expand on the amount of enemies in the sequel. In a game series with such a diverse set of enemy species, the amount of enemies to fight was definitely underwhelming.
The degree at which the weapons break is still what gets me
Like fighting 5-6 mobs and then a good chunk of weapons are breaking is really irritating
I never found that to be a hindrance considering how easy it is to get weapons.
Less of a hindrance, more of an inconvenience
Id much prefer the blade dulls down as you use it, and if you use it as its dullest too long it breaks
I never had that problem. Use the barbarian armor.
I will next time I play my switch for sure
Upgraded barbarian armor is all you need. Great defense and does way more damage. Using electric weapons also helps because you can steal the enemies weapons and kill them with their own items.
Oh yeah I love the electric weapons
question: would this game be better if you could turn into a wolf?
Also, going to the battle shrines and using elemental items is an easy way to get more weapons without much of a problem.
More tips: Never use the Hyrule Castle weapons, they are complete garbage. Also, the weapons of the 4 warriors have more durability. The goron one does the most damage for the amount of time it lasts.
I mean the real trick is collecting korok poop
I would want some shop sanity.
there is no logic to the real world...
I also want real life entrance randomizer
Do you think we could have people and animals in randomized positions.
Nothing here you say? Whats grip ring there for? Kappa
He thinks it is the Goombario of items.
Nope, not when it paralyses enemies and turns bubbles into fairies.
Do people usually pray at the graveyard?
Then again, we know the bot is getting quite mental.
You ever hear the "Guys Name Todd" bit by George Carlin?
Maybe it could be extended to keys.
You are right Ezlo. October are stupid
go mode from droplets boss key making you remember to do that last check LUL
time for a run back? Kappa
you at least get the first phase down
Oh yeah that one is good
But the green coffee ones are better bang for buck
I seen speedruns of tons of other zelda games but never seen this one
when will you learn the real manip? cosmic manip, to force a solar flare that flips your sword bit to max power?
never realized until now but they really just ripped off Chrono Trigger's opening in this
Cleaning my room/unpacking so Ill be in and out lol
Just gotta put a lot of my set up back since i took a good amount to pdq
we moved in october and still have several boxes lol
And I still have boxes in the closet
D6 in seasons... that's Ancient Ruins?
Might have to listen to Franky Valley and the Oracle of Seasons
Dancing Dragon is the one you liked
I can't wait for you to start Ages
Just know, in seasons, the 8th dungeon has a sub pixel, double pixel perfect trick
That saves like 3 minutes LOL
rip looks like my gaming chair is broken
I will have to listen to the Oracles of the Stone Age after Frankie Valley and the Oracle of Seasons.
I can't believe this song debuted here
Minish Cap puts a lot of emphasis on the littlest things
this can really flips me around
All these Vaati cutscenes give me insight into how Goombario became evil phanto274Thonk
I thought you had to actually go in the swamp and hear the hat talk or something
I knew entering Castor sets it but not the sign LUL
This game has some of the coolest attention to detail but also some of the most tedious dungeons and puzzles
Yeah Palace of Winds is Long
droplets is there to be memey/ trolly
Hiya Phantom! Good luck on your run! Hope you're having a good day phanto274BLANKIES
Cave of flames is standard fire dungeon
And deep wood is typical intro dungeon
all three halves of the dectus medallion
How much do glitches change the run?
And its about an hour and 15 minutes faster if all the glitches are executed perfectly Kappa
Coherent but wrong game bot LUL
Still Aheadge, gl with the run phanto274GL
Are you gonna try Octo manip this run?
Nice, Im assuming it cant really lose you much time if it doesnt work?
And if 2 ink was gonna happen 2 ink was gonna happen
Why do you talk to that dog?
Octo manip: a complicated formula of calculations that is simplified in a few movements Kappa
Zelda music is so good phanto274Jam
Because who the f*** does left side? Kappa
Isn't it kinda weird that two of the four elemental talismen things are really tiny
I'll have to look into any% someday
we really gotta do the whole intro again
I won't be able to stay long and may or may not come back but phanto274GL with the run
i think jumping for that key loses 1 second lol
just missing a comedy slidewhistle or something
that strat is always funny to me
this dungeon has funny strats in general
any% is a trip in this game
i loved watching teej do it
is that emote the entire game up to black toad skip?
why don't you stop for a nap in the bed?
they put them there to troll me! those jerks!!!
yo Vaati chill with the darknuts
I was gonna say he didnt hover at all
I hope your 2.0 debut tomorrow goes great!
Oh it's on the 30th of May @Iceblue
Oh, I could of swore it said March LOL
Nah May 30th~ That's my 1 year anniversary!!
I played smash with a friend then did shiny hunting
the ocarina in this game is really broken
is it bad i am on my 5th playthrough of re4 remake?
RE games always seem pretty damn replayable
Everyone I know that's liked an RE game has played it at least 4 times lol
yeah i was watching him do 1 and 2 like last week
2 rando is pretty cool i play it once
like how i like watching randos and not playing them
Damn they got some fun ass music in their head
Missed the end of the run, how much of a PB was it? phanto274Smile
Very good boss music btw phanto274Smile
we just have a good taste in colors
"We took the Wind Element, but we'll leave you the Fire Element. As a treat."
Just a nonproductive day. Ive been cleaning up a vendor account and got little progression in it.
Was on the phone for a half hour for the dumbest thing.
Most of the calls I get are for the wrong department.
Hows the seed. Looks like progress has been made
Looks better than the shortened paper mario seed. What did Iceblue think of your modifications?
More customized options are good. Its why you see so many flavors of different things. Not everyone likes the same shit.
Music bingo at the bar tomorrow night so I likely wont be around to torment you and chat.
Check out Neil Cicierega. I want to find a way to play one of his parody songs. Theres one where he mashes Billie Jean by Michael Jackass and Teen Spirit by Nirvana
Music bingo with that would be hilarious. Hes got a lot of weird stuff. AcVc is worth checking out too.
Just remembered Im on the discord. Ill post it there.
I posted both on the channel. Best part of his parody songs is that they are listenable.
weedMario ffzY wait what is this ffz feature
It doesn't show on stream but my end that bitch is flipped
There's like 12 more modifiers if I sub
Just for reference, my profile picture is me at PAX at the animal crossing exhibit in 2020.
That octo doesnt even know what he sucked.
I want to check out unplugged, but that requires funding that I dont have.
Thats how they get you, every time.
Well do it live. FUCK IT!
glennj5HYPERS glennj5JAAMIN phanto274Jam phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Mash stickshamMinuteBomb
i feel bad for giggling at a customer's name but this guy is named greg harder. he doesn't just greg, he gregs even HARDER THAN BEFORE
setting your goals high tonight i see
that looks like the muy tai i had in florida lmao
i usually drink mine over the course of like 6 hours lol
that's the other nice thing about the green coffee fuelers: unlike normal coffee, you don't get disappointed when it gets cold cause that's how it's supposed to be
maddy and i have made smoothies using the fuelers
What's the octo manip? Is it with its movements or?
We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean Monado :)
We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean Monado :)
We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean Monado :)
We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean MONDO :)
We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean Monado :)
We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean Monado :) 
We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean Monado :) 
We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean Monado :)
I was going to use Google Translate on my phone for the fortune teller
But it wasn't allowing access to my camera for some reason
Bad charlieton rng but great execution
Yeah overall I'd say I executed the run well
Didn't have time for 100% today because I slept in lmao
My phone fell off my bed and Eve laid ontop of it so I couldn't hear my alarm go off
Gl on the run Phantom! phanto274GL
Do those guys have knives on their butts?
Hey Monado monadoWave howd the run go? I was poking in a bit here or there when I could
@Amishman19 We missed a starpiece, and by we we mean Monado :)
Went good! Executed well, RNG was bad
Lmao that happens, at least the rng can always be better next time
I'm back from sandwich making onewin14Confirmo
That tektite wasnt hugged as a child
goombario? is that some weird fanon genderbent version of goombella from TTYD?
goombario sounds like a made up name out of context
not gonna lie, this cane is probably the coolest item besides roc's cap
Took me a second to realize that's OOT Link's voice
It makes me feel like most Zelda games are rushed out
lmao i'm teasing maddy and they said they'd bonk me and i said "do it you won't"
A lot of stuff gets reused, also worth noting for this particular game it's made by Capcom
Oh yea I knew that much, just thought it was interesting
I think a lot of times when an external studio makes a game like this, they're more likely to reuse more stuff
you know everyone says capcom made this ignoring that it wasn't just capcom in general. it was flagship specifically, a now-defunct studio which was funded by capcom, sega, AND nintendo
which is why they made nintendo games
like that's why nintendo still has all copyright for these games. the ending doesn't say "all copyrights belong to nintendo and capcom" just nintendo lol
so when people say nintendo would have to ask capcom about remaking oracles... no they don't.
can they come to NSO already i'm putting off a replay
100 away from the big 1k 
vaati's about to do something to the king
TTYD has the best partners :P
It's not fun imo for glitchless
Are you gonna play in English or JP/
i feel like chapter 4 would be a bit annoying too, having to go through that one narrow fucking path repeatedly trying to avoid a battle each time to save time
i just hate the amount of backtracking in chapter 4 okay
smh my head i can't believe you're starting this late
phanto274D I looked away, what happened?
I entered final bowser phase 2 with him at 35 hp so that was cool
turns out T1 in peril Double Dip > Hustle Drink & Repel + Turbo Charge with watt is kinda fire
I got 2 4 caps so it was net 3 dmg from just t1 e dash
I also Learned that hustle drinks cancel repel gels if you use them in the wrong order
Honestly I feel like good caps w/ dodge master tend to be one of the biggest factors in final phase 1
I got Bowser down to 27 I think in one of my practice runs
yeah unfortunately my seed was brutal, Dogemaster, Power rush, Mega Rush, last stand all cost 6bp
I think I just got insane caps, like a double 6-cap or something w/ peril, turbo charge, and all (or most) power badges
also having kooper locked behind Master 2 was booty cheeks
thank God I opted to break logic and just play lmao \
I know I fixed a couple when I added logic but may have missed some
So how have you been doing Phantom?
taking a walk, good luck on the run
Ah, that kind of thing, yeah... not surprised that my job there was less than thorough lol
At this point call me pizza LOL
@MarioManTAW why do you have that
Why does the music in this game slap so good?
@buff00n It's a Twitch global lol
I remember one of the houses had like.. dungeon music
orange188NotLikeThis This reminds me of when I played Ocarina of Time Rando and had the mini-game music playing the entire time for the Ganon Fight
Can't wait to see that in PM rando tbh
just got back did i miss anything
I joked a while back about fighting final Bowser to Tayce T's theme
My other favorite is the new music rando with custom music, and when I played Zelda Lullaby it played the first few notes of "It's the nutshack" and I lost it
I know that was on the list, couldn't remember /where/ on the list it was
I guess the coinsanity thing got sorted though so makes sense that music's next
Oh shoot I was distracted longer than I thought what caused the reset?
you know it says a lot that when discussing the 3 difficulty settings available in the Etrian Odyssey remasters the devs said "yeah the original difficulty is there still, it's Expert"
Temple of Droplets is a banger... but it gets minus points for being ice and water dungeon
and that's why, because when rebalancing they could only make it easier lmfao
i mean i'd hang out with yeto and yeta
I got stuck on the TP dungeon and needed to look up a guide
and that soup is even better than grandma's soup in WW
It's not chill, it's very ungamer if I do say so myself.
I'm okayy, just sitting at work
yeah but we get to sleep in a bit
Decided to take a break from playing ttyd to eat some chips and  watch something
My schedule is very much a nightmare sometimes. It changes every week
i get every wednesday and sunday off, guaranteed
which is why i already got tickets to see mario next wednesday lol
It's always 5 days, but the days off vary and I usually work 2 nights and 3 mornings or vice versa
i mean i'm 11:30-8 right now
Man I get paid to sit around for 85% of my shift on my laptop and watch youtube or play video games
I'm not about to complain for even a moment lmao
tho i usually don't play games cause that's too much distraction lmao
I'm an early bird, I work 8-4 with a <5-min lunch "break" (I could take off but don't so I can come home early
I leave early most days that I open. My coworker gets here at 3 or 4 and I just peace out
But every once in a while, I need to stay until 5-6 and just work a 9-10 hr day, those days aren't fun
That sounds about right for a game studio
There's also no overtime compensation bc salary
I am glad that I decided to choose not game dev for that reason though
I don't make a lot of money but my job is very /very/ stress free so I don't mind too much
I do need to do that sometimes, but thankfully the people on the other end are also working more or less during business hours
Your roll didnt come out? phanto274Bless
my routing was the worst ever
So I take it mister206Gombidious cursed the seed
then at the end of my league race I lost by 20 seconds
honestly tho im finding myself caring less and less for rando league
he is still a true final boss after all these years
like I didnt know where to go so I went to tubbas with no keys, and once I got there I remembered a tubba key location so I had to go back again for progression.
also double dipping desert to get to finish ch2 cause sushie was locked behind 4 chapters
Ah so the seed was named The Legend of Sushie LUL
she was in ch6 and rowf had a seed on 4 clears
btw, i dont know if you heard me talking in M4s stream but... my raphnet arrived so I could do gameboy player stuff, except my wire is frayed and exposed.
I sent an email to raphnet, hope they can fix this
im just worried about having to pay for shipping again
2 years ago today is when I got my pupper
i don't even spend that much
honestly ive never hearrd of amazon fresh
because i'm off at 8 now, if maddy and i want taco bell or jack in the box for dinner we will now just go there in person since they're close instead of being lazy lol
I order food on ubereats a lot and I have the membership thing, so like, most of the time I go to order groceries, I only spend a couple dollars on delivery AND I usually have like a 50% the entire order up to $40 or something
The coupons on ubereats make it very worth
(especially if you only use it every so often, they give you discounts on stuff if you don't order constantly)
certainly didn't work there for a month
they fuckin' tricked me, i went in for a cashier job and they were like WE HAVE NO OPENINGS BUT YOU CAN BE A COURTESY CLERK
which i was desperate so i said yes not realizing that was just the fucking janitor
that being said, safeway's deli is pretty fuckin' good
Yeah I recall you mentioning the chicken thing on monday or tuesday
Any job that says 'oh we filled up the job but we have this adjacent job!' the job is pretty guaranteed to be shit I feel like. I applied to be in customer service and a place I applied to was like 'we have warehouse openings!'
i actually got fired from safeway, and i was so thankful cause i was trying to figure out how to quit
but then they did that for me so win win
i didn't want to work there anymore, they didn't want me to work there anymore, perfect!
it was also cause we were moving states soon so i didn't have to deal with any of that. legit just didn't look for a job in the four months between being fired and moving cause why bother lol
hope you're doin well btw, glgl
now i'm curious what that was
reminds me of the tech job i had that i got laid off from. to keep us doing SOMETHING they just sent us the same exact 10-20 recordings to grade over and over and over again.
i legit did nothing for 3 weeks before my bosses went "hey you haven't done anything for 3 weeks" which i hadn't realized cause it was so mindnumbingly repetitive i just didn't lol
hey phantom i need you to test some programs for me. you'll need these 5 70" screens all connected to really check. also these additional 3 55" screens.
Sakurai had a video that talked about stuff like that, it's just easier for companies to do one-size-fits-all
i love sakurai's pivot from developer to youtuber talking about gamedev
i guess he really enjoyed making those smash presentations
neither do i, but i do trust him since he has years of experience and the stuff he's worked on has been quite solid.
he knows what he's talking about
waaaay more than firstname bunchofnumbers armchair developers from twitter
I don't think I've ever watched E3 tbh
And it saves a lot of money :v
only ones that could use it would be indies but they cant afford that
yeah, indies sure couldn't use it cause of the monetary value of E3. And if there's no big names, E3 might not be as viewed by people anyways
but doggo wants to say wan, wan at you!
Messed up dog skip this time, sadge
The cat damage boosted you down the vine
can i say something spoiler-y about the mario movie? its a song that plays
since they pushed back opening day to wednesday i'm off that day lol
my brother wants to rent out the theatre opening night lol
i would like to see it but i hate going to see a movie
same, im only going cause the family wants to
I'll be catching the movie via sailing the seas etc etc. And likely the french version
The va work iis really good in the french version
Most of the dubs are fantastic tbh
i think the VA work is fine in english and the hate is a bit overblown. pratt's mario has sounded fine in recent ads
Squints. How is it warmer now than it was earlier
That sure is some alphabet soup
because you hit the levers and let the sun in
it was 31 at around 5
We get down to the negatives, it's canada's armpit here so
its insane that jugoomba got at 203
Not to be confused with Super Wooper
I am an expert in training
Pred is octo manip as determined by 0 ink vs 1+ ink
excuse me strimmer it wastes 27 years
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your run! Got here just in time for a prediction let's gooo phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Does it only ink in phase 3?
Got it, didn't want to worry about wrong payout due to not understanding :)
Is that your Gooigi? All the cross overs
I believe in you, even.. if I voted like I don't :>
No ink so no ambiguity on the pred
like the fact he still shot another rock so soon and you (somehow) still hit him
i'm legit surprised that last hit connected lmao
He's used to the other guards touching it then flushed
at least i get to use my catchphrase sometimes
I really resonate with Ezlo when he says "E!"
Mmm, not as much but I'm still picking up what he's putting down y'know
You can just really feel the E in your soul
I'm a big fan of E
i just got my refills today lol
I got my bloodwork back yesterday, and I apparently have way too much and probably need to lower my dose
both those greens landed in the most hilarious spots tho
I pretend I do not see it
not as funny as the one in the doorway but close
why that NPC look like a tentacool
Would # of unwanted (blue/green) kinstones make a good long-term pred in the future?
Wouldn't mind doing longer-term preds if they're going to be 1/stream anyway
"i'm not gonna use bombs for the rest of the fight" - literally  as he's placing bombs
Me, getting back on my bullshit every time I say I'm going to stop doing something
"I swear I'm done talking to him," I say, while actively messaging him
yo, raphnet got back with me just now
"we can send a free replacement immediately, or we can issue a refund if you prefer."
i wanna do gameboy player stuff
do you have a raphnet you use for GBi?
if you wanna see how bad it was a shared pics in komari general
you got wombo combo'd there lmao
but at least you didn't fall off
Just don't invalidate it by accident again q-q
Is it all the same text or is it the same pictures with different text?
If you like this game you'd like ALTTP, it's great
Does GBi like you rebind controls like If I wanted Start mapped to L
yo! this dungeon has a judge tree puzzle LMAO
yeah but you can't dab slide through this one axl so what's the use
also that seemed like a pretty clean vaati 2 all things considered
Actually wild how much youre pbing like every run still
You're faster than my ww pb now at least
watchstreak wowee why is this a feature
I clicked on your stream for 3 days you are now indebted to me
sub 2:30 easy without wasting bombs or something hehe
on the doorstep of sub 2:30
I gotta clean up at work so I'll see ya later
why'd you do this to yourself
I love big levels of dumb in rando settings phanto274GL
So do you logically need all 9 gold kinstones before any of those areas are in logic?
Well, you sus'd out a trap then YEP
Or did you confirm the other was real?
There's a cow following him bc the chickens in this game are too mean
why do you have a cow?
Are there other followers besides raysBeef ?
not enough twitch followers so you have a cow follower? Makes sense to me i guess...
what other follow options are there?
sounds like good use of channel points
Does Crystal allow custom character sprites?
And what does getting the 20 do? Is it required or just 1 check or what?
plus everthing else you need to finish?
sorry i know nothing about triforce hunt
for pape you could make that a self imposed rule to find all item pouches for now until they come up with something
i say that cause its a new unique item
Alternate objectives are always nice, sometimes killing the final boss gets old
i like the idea of leaving star pieces as they are and adding star bits like from mario galaxy
a sugguestion to change the color of the whale? And just what exactly does that add to the game?
some of these are just silly
You need to return your cow
Cant imagine what she charges for eggs these days then
Well, if you have a monopoly, you can charge whatever you want...
Maybe it's for the best you keep the cow after all...
lmao, they pinned my rando suggestion to the top of the list
Can't believe phantom is not streaming rn Sadge
and they don't even split the boards?
i think I actually do have this on wiiU
I've thought about running minish cap in the past
bizhawk has been giving me trouble so for GBA i need to use mGBA
I've been enjoying watching your runs
A cow is funny, but the idea of dragging Anju into a Minish settlement when adults can't see Minish is funnier
I need to play this so I have some context
Why is there a cow following you? LUL
Can you use him in any way to help you?
have you named the cow yet?
Lets call the cow. Bovine Goombario Kappa
That cow is seeing. Very stressful things by hanging around with you LUL
Just look at it and into its soul 
run minish cap with the 3DS ambassador program LUL
Heading to bed, good luck to you and your cow
I am hesitant to say that the Cow is the equivalent of Goombario but am not sure if thats right LUL
best quote ive heard from nintendo shutting down eshop... You cant steal an item from a store that doesnt sell that item.
or... you could steal a security camera, those arent sold LUL
no gregsp for long run Sadge
im at 127K, luigis mansion will be soon guys!
which year is the bot talking about?
capcom posted the bn collection manual online
Yo someone just posted puss in boots 2 in hd on twitter I get to watch it now
This cow needs to help out
just watching your ass dig the whole time
When battling online you can send messages between battles mario kart wii style... IM USING MOTION CONTROLS!!
legit tho, I have a DDR dance pad and could do BN with that
i just have to swap controllers every time I jack in LUL
@RavenFP i had an airport sandwich the other day and it was $26
i dont think so, ill have to double check
I wish the cow had clones
but that is no excuse for what they put my wallet through
wow i'm slow, just figured out why this looked too rando-like for gless
I like the font for the navi cust
it was awful, I wanted to DNF so badly
i'm sorry to hear that + mood
I powered thru and finished tho, lost by 20 fucking seconds
I just want to be done
i think next season if there are settings/rule changes it will help a lot
like if i was allowed to glitch most of these painful seeds wouldn't be nearly as bad
I like the idea of each race having different rules but if I roll progressive id just DNF
hewwo and gl on the run / runs!
why's there a cow here though 
i've had exactly one good race lmao
every other seed ive played like shit and for the most part won anyway
i am actively making everyone around me a worse player or something lmfao
but where does this cow come from 
I forgot where my first tubba key was, went to tubbas then remembered and had to revisit for progression. That was my fault but still super annoying
I honestly dont have a clue how this happened PrideLaugh
whu? you can borrow a cow at LonLonRanch in this one? 
i take it the cow's invincible?
i doubt there are any better ones, this is too funny
I thought there was some intricate rando specific / glitch specific case PrideLaugh
ok malon could be close to being a 2nd place then
that's a beautiful way of killing the darknut
i feel like the cow might be a burden for this part
nah the cow is 100% worth it 200% of the time
I need to show this rando to a friend now PrideLaugh
why does the lantern 1 shot the fire wizard
How is he weak to fire
I take it that the "SEL" text on inventory is quick swap?
yea makes sense, for those cases of "well there's only x amount of floor tiles to multi link on
so its like say MMRando trade item slot change or combo rando of OoT and MM the same
Is he a blue cow or is that a saddle?
I mean technically that to me looks like a "spinslash" hitbox just instant over being "just" the 3 by 3
so bc of overlapping the slots it got extended to 4x3 I assume?
bro that cow is a HELL of a weighted blanket
why do you not have a cow?
It is a very impressive cow
yo? in bn6 you can trade folders
with that you can skip lotto codes
I assume the text is optional to be random language or is that a current quirk of this? 
I always just saw it as a mini dungeon
Kinda like how the bottom of the well is in OoT
good music for this place PrideLaugh
Chris Pratt spoke more on his experience with Mario games to E! News: I saw the backlash over my supposed lack of knowledge of the series so I decided to play some of the modern games. Gotta say, Paper Mario: Sticker Star might be one of the best video games Ive ever played. Cheer100
i feel like even SS would be an improvement over the voice he was going with
dunno, definitely feel like whatever my choice of words would be, it wouldnt be necessarily friendly PrideLaugh
I don't have a cow because I'm broke
well, don't have a cow man
there is only one cow because two would be too much gorgeousness for the game to handle
Did you forget the gust jar checks in DWS?
dungeon be like "whats cookin whats for <food time of day>" PrideLaugh
ok real question though: where does all the cake come from? PrideLaugh shopshuffle?
i liked away for 20 seconds, you didn't hurt any chus did you?
so its like if say OoTR would have different option for ice traps similar to say crowd control effects to a degree, but in the nice way instead of the "mean" way PrideLaugh
would you hurt me if i was in your way
the minecart never ceases to amaze me PrideLaugh
pushing looks way more appropriate then pullin backwards 
the cow is god simple PrideLaugh
didnt you see cow running across water?
I actually can't think of what else to say LOL
Pigs are okay if they fly
yeah they made me leave my cow behind in florida
I'm just jealous because I don't have one ohheyi30Angy
ok hear me out real stoopid thought
what if link gets replaced by the cow (so cow = link) and link becomes the companion cube PrideLaugh
can we get a hopping companion cube partner
assume it would need animations to pull from plus a way to not break the game however it'd look like PrideLaugh
they should turn recovery hearts into red chus
hmmm, i approve, more chus is more fun
as long as they're not giant and blue
5 copies of link easy, gotta be
truly the game is bullying any sword higher then the 4sword because there's only ever so many tiles to interact with PrideLaugh
But yeah. My mental stuff isn't bad, persay, just leaves me kind of not here. Hence the massive absence.
"I do need a key" -> "whatever this dungeon's name is: I gotchu fam!"
why would the BK matter? 
good thing you said spew and not spit KEKW
this room with great spin is so great PrideLaugh
I honestly from a vanilla perspective cant imagine a non great spin way of dealing with those PrideLaugh
oh hey we made it to the minish village KEKW
awwww he got normal music SadgeCry
BEAT THE SHIT OUTTA THIS BOSS
At least Vatti makes you use most of your items that you've gained during the adventure
yeah, it's been harder and harder to raid lately I feel
shasta is a good lad shasB
Finally here to catch one of these live, been falling asleep to these streams on youtube for months
mvd got me sick so i stayed home from work today phanto274Smile
now i watch stream all day
Today is also splatoon 3 splatfest tho
doing alright, did some grinding on octopath 2
Might be my fault this time, uber low on gas
i got wrecked by a boss fight last night, now i'm prepared
i recently learned that you can add your phone's local music to spotify
I've been slowly grinding perfection in Stardew Valley
Same, I'm on someone's YouTube family plan so I gave up spotify
i know you're not big on open world. but have you seen the gameplay stuff for tears of the kingdom?
For perfection you have to do a ton of stuff, like ship one of every item, catch all the fish, grow 15 of every crop, etc.
lol im ust confused by the partners and such
TOTK gave me a batshit crafting system to play with, I'm excited
how tf did you do that
Can you redeem random text or random music as a setting just to be annoying
i need to do content for my yt, i don't do enough fusion rando lol
I tried random music once and my ears bled
oh god, that was forever ago now
that vod still hurts my ears thinking about it
Imagine if Goombario gives you Goombario.
Yoo Phantom! Good luck on your seed! How's it going? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
oh yeah, i made it to the real black pit now. need me an ultra life shroom to stand a chance tho
Oh god toybox, I didnt get past toad town before I noped out when I tried it
Oh yeah,the traps. That's gonna be annoying. XD
Damn this is crazy already lmao
traps definitely on high holy damn
Oh my god it is random text
How do you have all characters already?
i obliterated bonetail by spamming super jump charge and repel gel
did like 28 damage on the first hit
i think i got 6 capped, but i beat him on the next turn
now i'm on the hellish boss rush that is the black pit itself
i think i'm at 30 hours in the romhack now
It's a toad, because the R. is from T. probably
Why is the item name correct when you get it but not in your menu
i didn't know there was an al bhed mode for the game :P
Drec maddan ec ihnaytypma! (Translation: This letter is unreadable!)
I found an al bhed translator.
If the chain letters are in there Koover is also 6 letters
I think there's also a letter to Merlow but you just checked him
I think this seed was expertly designed to be both annoying and convienient in differant ways.
Is the first name of the toad 4 or 5 letters
A very still rando with text shuffle and letters randomized too.
14 mins in and all partners and ultra boots and hammer
Oh, that. We started with those.
Wait... Oh shoot! I only just noticed the palace keys on the tracker.
Holy wow! 22 min ina nd you have almost all partners already
What's the best way to figure out what chapter you're scaled to by HP, do you have like a mental math rule you use
Mum: have you ever wrote a synthesis paper?
Personally I'm also doing a phycology assignment while watching
That is a Bowser Castle Key. LUL
Yep, cause in this seed, full bowser castle.
If you have random text turned on does that mean Mario is canonically having a stroke
Okay bot, Doopliss has nothing to do with this.
I think that's the letter to Mayor Penguin?
Oh wait the text randomizes every time you open the menu? I just noticed
That tree in the yellow yoshi room was sparkling
Imagine dragon deez nuts across your face!
Oh look. It's Speedy Spin. PogChamp
Oh yeah I think Candace went to an Imagine Dragons concert
Candace dick fit in your mouth
ugh there was someone on a server i was on who was... a bit too obsessed with imagine dragons
and would randomly go on tangents about them
like... posting small essays about them rnadomly
Imagine Dragons are actually mid af
apparently true fans have their own term for the fandom
yeah they kind of are lmao
dude was obnoxious about them. just obnoxious in general really lol
is it FP or is it some other random combination of two letters because random text :P
smh my head not randomizing state names
I once saw someone's run recently where jump charge was 1 BP 1 FP
Is the text randomizer biased towards uncommon letters like X or is that just an illusion because it's equal and we hardly see those letters normally
just completed my 7th playthrough of re4 remake i am now done got the platinum trophy
aka what's finally growing on the tree in my backyard
it's been like 3 years lol
@blacktiger51 You have to play it 7 times to get the platinum trophy?
In my front yard at home there's an apricot tree
We used to get apricots but then squirrels started eating the apricots before we could get them every year
You should check the mayor penguin letter
@ScrambledDragons you can do it in less
@ScrambledDragons min is 4 but that really hard
its was also my 69th platinum
Yeah I have the wiki pulled up only Igor has 4 letters
No XP to be found here. :(
ah yes my favorite paper mario check, the goron merchant
Exploding Whackas? What is this Paper world coming to?
this doesn't have fast Bowser Castle?
If you hit me with a hammer I would drop a grenade and leave too
When you havent played a game in a while
excuse me did someone try sending a BOMB through the mail there
Why do you have 500+ coins
Did you sell a couple wacka bumps
@Mirby_Studios Kent from Stardew Valley is in Paper Mario now
"I don't need these jellies" *immediately picks up another jelly
just putting a bear trap right by the door primed for pallos
looks like a lot of fun yoshizDizzy
that ain't a toy box that's a chest freezer
while you're in there get the steak out so we can defrost it :P
Toy Box is literally an Ice Box. LUL
How did Rowf obtain the tape? It's in circulation!? WutFace
Probably the trap in the room broke enemy collision
sorry that randomization of letters was funny to me
Kolorado and Goompapa are also 8 letters
Three words could be the one to the yoshi kid?
A mailman's job is never done
Wait so within the one text box, is each time a letter is said (e.g. each letter "e") randomized to the same letter each time?
I noticed in both HP plus and FP plus the word for "plus" was the same
Watt's name still ended in a double letter.
It would be easier to figure out who letters are to if we could treat this as a cipher
This is my favorite trick because it's like the only one I as a casual can do
Every playthrough I like to do it and then swim out until the level deloads and look at the pretty background
What are you talking about? Ice is water.
Hello, how is the seed today. Did you find peril beam scroll yet so you can go Peril with Mario?
I forgot it was roman numerals for a second and I was like "what the hell is L HP"
Oh my. I'm super late. How's the run?
i like the fact you started with all the partners beside oh wait no you did start with all
Honestly my discord status is the "I hate fish, fishing is a farce" quote from Book of Mario
912 Subscribers, 88 more until Book of Mario.
Time to make 88 accounts and sub to phantom. phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES
Does anyone have the money to buy those sub bots that spam channels use
If everyone watching right now makes 3 accounts...
you I can sub with my vod channel  brb
so 2 really bad pape seeds :P
I wonder how much of your watch time is me asleep because I like putting on chill randos for background noise
I do that with your randos religiously
Vol 1 of BNLC has more achievements than Vol 2
also I ment toi say yo insteed of you lol
Yeah. Sometimes youre my chore buddy. You do chores with me.
BN4 achievement: "Play the game. This is it. We're sorry for making this dogshit game."
Why does the sight of red Luigi disturb me?
I have always wondered if red green colorblind people have trouble with some of the attack cues in M&L games
I mostly watch your vods while I do practice runs pape rando
the most hilarious thing to me is that the difficulty goes from Normal > Hard > Super Hard but in reality that's reversed, cause the first playthrough is the hardest due to limited battlechip selection but it gets easier from there as you gain access to better attacks
super hard is the easiest run because you're potentially at maximum power lmao
but yeah the achievement counts are live but we still don't know what the achievements themselves entail. that's what i'm looking forward to
your heart can never be happy if your partner is locked to only goombario
Bot trying to curse you with a "partner locked to only goombario"
If we reach the youtube sub goal there's going to be a lot of goombario, because the translated tattles are hilarious
I just got a vanilla waka lol
It will be a matter of when
My roommate has a cat named Tidus
I have never played ffx but I know that's where he is from
My roommate's cat is named Cat.
However Tidus (the cat) is a fat bastard (affectionate)
Who needs stairs when you can clip
It's solely for the memes and I'm all for it
Walking on water? I knew Mario was a christ figure, but Jesus...
Anybody can walk on water, you just have to believe you can.
Just like you can clip through walls. Kappa
You wont be able to tell what the question is
Sometimes it asks like how many came out of the left door or whatever too
They got better at making fake koopers since ch 7.
Guess I got here right in time for the end
i have a tough decision to make
it's end of the month so my work sent me a $15 grubhub credit again
I was blessed to have dinner ready when I got home phanto274Smile
Oh yeah did you guys hear sonic died
In the family guy death pose
Looks like the ad will be conveniently placed
I was afk for a few mins, gg btw
Keep seeing videos with that title.
he feels there are better ways to do things when it comes to games
it's not that he HATES story per se he just has a different approach
I've seen those interviews too and they actually took a bunch of stuff out of context, it's not that he hates story
with games you don't have to just spell everything out for the player in cutscene dumps
you can approach it in many other ways
But people need a villain to blame the downfall of their favorite series on so take things out of context they do
It's easier than admitting there are a ton of factors rather than just one guy
Why DOES it cycle through your lies?
I didnt even know what this was, but I did vote for Malon
@buff00n how was your fat nap?
So what is a synthesis paper
i finally decided where to order from
Sythesis paper: "some assignment that buff00n is NOT gonna be responsible for helping with"
This is what I think of when mountain dew is mentioned
I mean, you can do both
I mean, its not like you can just beat a zelda fame with just bombs, right?
Yes guard, just ignore the girl walking past you.
The guard is sexist and doesn't see women as a threat
malon's like "did you just find my key"
Is there any reason Talon is more protective of his home in this game?
I remember watching the rando and seeing him walking in front of his door to block you from entering.
yeah that was basic NPC blocking nothing more
So then it was just a coincidence. I thought he was blocking you
I was gonna say it when they came onscreen earlier but I couldnt remember what she thought they were
Now you can go peril, nice
hello! hope u have a great stream :))'
Poor Malon is gonna get whiplash from all those kart rides
Link is like "tis but a flesh wound"
I'll never understand what you're doing in these Randos
Yeah I remember Malon following me
"rigged the vote" THAT'S the abuse of power I like to SEE
Flippers but both are just one person
NVM one other person piut cape
Hmm Cheating on Zelda for Malon is both expected and unexpected Kappa
Did you have to fake it before?
The town music reminds me of the early route music in Pokemon RedBkue
If you're this deep with no sword upgrades, the stuff that's locked behind /all/ the sword upgrades is going to be pretty late in logic
Does 6 scrolls get you something?
What if gold enemies are on?
is that Maron following you around?
Here's your training, kill the snake
Malon just fell down the mountain
Assuming this is progression, what do you suspect it is? Probably Sword/Cape/Flippers?
Well, you clearly haven't done everything 4Head
You clearly haven't done everything logically
You probably just missed something dumb that you assumed you did and didn't
Not even the satisfaction of a spoiler Sadge
No way to get a log either?
goron shop guy had sword beam
I dont remember where anything was
he also had 5 bucks for 300
Does the non-seed numbers in the filename include the settings?
Have a good night, thanks for the stream phanto274BLANKIES
Doing school work over spring break : )
I also have to do service hours this week soooooo
My school requires seniors to do 20 hours of community service for reasons
Im "working" at a homeless shelter
Im fine with this tho bc I just really like and respect the people there
Also tbh Im not sure if Im even gonna get TOTK
I dont really care abt it
yeah, I ain't getting Tear neither
I never finished Breath of the Wild, so I'm sure as Hell not interested in more of the same
Before I go I will share something controversial: I think Spirit tracks is one the the best zelda game
the GALL of charging an extra $10 for a Zelda game, foh
finished Phantom Hourglass, and was content to NEVER touch that game again
I'll applaud the smart asset reuse, but I'm willing to pay an extra $10 for it
I don't know what is to hate about blowing in your ds mic so hard your need a new pair of lungs to try to make the game register it XD
I recall have similar issues with Bowser's Inside Story for the fire breathing
Temple of the Ocean King in Phantom Hourglass annoyed me so much that I didn't even get Spirit Tracks lol
The fucking monty mole train battle
@Pallos7 somehow, I 1st tried that fight
Like its not hrad just super annoying
getting the sword that murdered the Phantoms in the temple was legit satisfying
I thought the game was fine otherwise. I just prefer Zelda's more like Minish Cap and Oracles
While destroying your lungs at the same time
i beat spirit tracks its was awful
I think I would've liked ALBW more if it had rolling, like Minish Cap
One thing I regret is not getting more people into the CDI games Kappa
also, I realize I'm biased towards ALttP cuz it was the 1st Zelda game I played
i hated that u have to use the stylus for phantom hourglass and spirit tracks
I find it hard to go back to 3DS after playing Switch
I just want kirby triple deluxe and planet robobot to be on switch so I never have to touch my 3ds again
that why you use a emulator for 3ds
My kingdom for a Triple Deluxe / Planet Robobot Switch port
I never played Robobot and I want to, so I'd like a switch port tbh
Robobot might still be my favorite Kirby game
@buff00n I thought hal was gonna make a new dream collection with those 2 and return to dreamland
But Im very happy with returns deluxe
i still need to play the remake of Metroid 2
Also tomodachi life if anyone remembers that gem of a game
a friend gave me his amiibo for that game. I still don't understand why he did that,
I absolutely agree with you on that @pallos7
FE Echoes was fun. Flawed. Busted even, but fun.
Or maybe, I was incredibly grateful to flush the taste of FE Fates outta my system
I gave my copy of Conquest to a friend for her birthday, cuz that story was.... YEESH
i hate that one sound effect
I like the art on the splits
I have a physical copy of xenoblade 2 and Im wondering how much money I can get for it lolol
you still made more money than I did
i have a physical nsmbw who wanna buy
Cause like Im PROBABLY not gonna be playing xb2
i still need to play xenoblade games 3 looks really good
i think ys8 is like 150 can for switch some games are worth alot
I still kinda wanna play xc3, but people were telling me I shouldn't unless I've played 1 and 2
i want nintendo to add gamecube games into the online + expansion pack
I think 74 said he'd let me borrow xc1
I just (currently) don't have time for a big-ass RPG
@buff00n Thats my problem with P5 rn
If they add GC to NSOEP they need to add Luigi's Mansion
i mean i have a Wii i can play GameCube games on that right
classic controller works for gc games no?
i would love to find another big ass rpg to play but my switch is still being hold hostage
@xdJulleZ if you have a Wii that has GC controller ports, yes
I think they meant Wii classic controller
i need to figure out a way to get a gc controller
After I graduate, I wanna just play a bunch of games from series Ive never cared for/tried bc I dont like Splash calling me uncultured lol
3rd party is cheap last time i check
A Japan import would be cheaper from what I've heard
Twitch Prime is not a crime
anyway, Amazon charges $45 for a JP import (w/ Prime shipping)
compare that to a US controller which cost $20 more (for some reason)
how much is gc games like ttyd
Dont even talk abt games like melee
i might have to look for a used one from like our version of craigslist
Is it bc of shit like slippi
Good to know. I have plenty of gamecube games I dont play that I have. Anyone want Simpson Hit and Run
That's why they don't have the disc
the fuck is simpson hit and run
@Ohrocks ummmm ACTUALLY, it's THE Smash experience. Literally no other game on the planet compares to Melee.
wait phantom what do you do for work
Shit, those are games I want to keep.
Luigi's Mansion is overrated but it's also just good and the 3DS port bad
I have a lot of these games lol
I have TTYD and Luigi's Mansion
Two more I prefer to keep lol.
bidding starts at $500 (for the manual)
Isnt kirby air ride like super expensive
@xdJulleZ $55 (the game and a $5 "finder's fee) + whatever shipping winds up being
I have pokemon box with the case. Interesting that its worth something considering its not a game.
Hey, its the paper mario guy.
give us all of your pape seeds
ooh, look a B, doing mod stuff
oh hey, it's the first time i've ever heard this song in the entire zelda franchise
Thinking about getting Planet Robobot with Smash Kirby amiibo
phantom, i went 2-0 in z1r
i gotta head to sleep now super tired and got school tomorrow
I just checked Pokemon Box. It goes for over 1,000 dollars. People are crazy.
now, I'm an even dumber adult
Zelda does not shy away from giving nods to Mario
see how Mario 3 and Zelda 1 share the same whistle tune
Shy Guys and Kirby (not Mario, admittedly) show up in Link's Awakening
how do you accidentally setup the diagonal pull on the chest?
Thanks for the Pokemon Box tip. I even still have the gamecard that comes with the game. Its all in good condition.
@Ohrocks I have morph on in another tab, lol
Minish Cap that replaces the Young Link voice w/ Toon Link's
I only ever used it for getting the free Jirachis. I dont remember exactly where I got it, but I think it came with the Pokemon Colosseum game
Do Wii games have any value?
accidental diagonal chest pull and softlock? That's a personal's worst
if I do runs, my reset jingle's gonna be the:
Okay, I found something else weird. Pokemon Colosseum Bonus Disc, this gave the free Jirachi. Not the other game.
" G A M E - O V E R " jingle from Daytona USA
@pethanct01 Ill buy it from you for 3 gold doubloons lol
Looks like the bonus disc goes for $200 ok ebay.
Oh thats actually not as much as I thought
Well, I really dont use Pokemon box and probably wont go out of my way to use the bonus disc for the jirachi.
screw it, I'm making another cup of tea
So looks like I stumbled on a little gold mine.
Well, you earned your money from me this day. @phantom5800
I was gonna buy Super Star Ultra off you, but Raven beat me to the punch, then gave the game to me for a birthday
Took a year for someone to buy Pokemon Moon, lol. @$20
My big items were the boxes from N64. Made a fee thousand selling that shit.
Boxes the games came in I mean.
Just the boxes, yup. Didnt have to sell the games.
I'm pretty sure I tore my boxes to shreds when I was younger cuz "NEW VIDEO GAME, GIMME"
I dont like selling the games if I enjoyed them.
A toasted bagel with cream cheese and an apple
I dont remember hoe much the Paper Mario Box and Manual sold for, but my guess is between $50 and $100
Im selling the manuals for around $12
Not sure how much the guides go for though
I got the Zelda and DKC manuals.
The Nintendo power volumes also vary depending upon who is on the cover. I have most of the issues.
Yes, agreed. Minimize the clutter and bullshit.
GL with the run and don't softlock again
I got the first issue and saw it was going for a hundred dollars. Its in okay condition, I dont want to sell it though. Its cool
Someone bought Pokemon box with the original box it came in and all the accessories for $4,000
oh btw TGH said that Electric Blue Chuchu is not a Wooper
Sell date was April 1st so that would make sense if it was an April Fools prank.
Its wild. Might solve my money issue though, so its interesting
You can make a potion with the parts in BotW
As someone who hates seafood, I somehow enjoy octopus balls (I don't remember the actual name)
I remember them from One Piece
Im a calamari guy so it might be similar idk
it's still octopus / seafood tho, which I usually can't stand
You like Salmon or are you afraid of Salmonella?
But also like I LOVE seafood so I'd be willing to try an octorock lolol
Was that the noise for a vine growing from mario
Sushi just ain't in my palette
I don't think I've had that?
Musubi. Never heard of that. Thought you were say Wasabi wrong.
They proceed to destroy the sword
Interesting, these Gamecube games are. Simpson Road Rage goes for $60
What was the verdict on the value of Wii games?
Simpson Road Rage sounds like a good ass time
I kinda want a prequel explaining what that sword, which DEFINITELY isn't the Master Sword, is
It gets boring after a while.
road rage has my two favorite dr nick lines
I didnt get into Hit and Run either. I have it and got stuck on some mission and never played it afterwards.
"Can you take me to the hospital? I pretend I work there!" and "Can you take me to the Retirement Castle? I need a cadaver to practice on."
Both Simp games go for the same amount. About $60
Classic Simpsons is the first eight seasons?
Classic is whenever it was good
if it's a good episode, it's classic Simpsons
First eight seasons. Frank Grimes episode is season 8
That was one of the last classic episodes
I regret buying Splat3. I knew I wasn't gonna play this fuckin game, but a friend complained about me beating their ass in Mario Kart and Smash, so I caved into peer pressure
I didnt like the first one, got bored with it pretty quick
I bought it to make Splash happy on his birthday and havent played it since
i can't get into splatoon, but that's because it only takes a few losses for me to just lose motivation
played it once and haven't touched it since
I kinda hate shooters with a passion
Good thing I have the hard copy of the game. I should just sell it.
I prefer single player shooters compared to multiplayer shooters
Splatoon 2 is still 60 bucks btw
only shooter i don't like is cod
they give you a green sword, then immediately take it away. shame
Id I actually sell the box game. Maybe Ill have the money to send a copy of crosscode and redeem a playthrough of it.
maybe I'll sell mine and get Pizza Tower
Since he gave the advice. But thats of I do it.
Post Goomba King is the whole game. You need to be more specific.
If you live, its skill and if you die, its luck.
love how Minish Cap justifies the "King is acting out of character" by showing that he silenced any/everyone who got TOO curious
I wonder what does to people who are bicurious?
Are they two times as curious?
Nah you're gonna be fine phanto274Smile
"you should end your run; NOW"
So, why no grab heart from the many plants you passed?
Sometimes thats life. Just slashing at grass, hoping.
Now we know where the bot gets it.
For those who dont remember, the bot was talking about fucking someones wife and kids.
Hot take: Navi was nowhere near as annoying as people make her out to be
Todays YouTube sub count is 920.
Good luck with the run Phantom x2chaiLove
I have to clean up at work and head home soon, but I'll be back in an hour or so, probably
and since we're doing gift stuff
Enjoy being a slave to your corporate overlord.
for a sec, I was concerned that Mario was gonna hammer the amount of bits given
if it was early 2000s, I'd say 1337
666 is your best bet. 100 250 300
you got 69 and 420 already
How about an eyeroll compilation for 100
Eyeroll compilation with the theme rollin, rollin, rollin
Eyeroll compilation would be as long as a stream
If I did one just for bracket sets I'd also have one as long as a stream LOL
I OCV'd people 4 times with Jenet in bracket yesterday
When they give the mix character some of the best god buttons in the game I gotta use that shit
You could make an alert that is a compilation of hellos. 690
Nah, thats what mods and fans are for.
There were a number of notable eyerolls in the pape race with Jcoc.
If I have an idea, I may do it. What file format are they supposed to be
gonna get food now tho, GL, gonna lurk peepoComfy
oh not much just finished a race and i played so fucking bad
but i won because the other person accidentally skipped ultra block in crystal palace
so kinda lucked out with that LUL
I'm in that group but at this point I'm not sure when I'll be able to do the rest of my matches
This has been the 3rd consecutive weekend of dealing with car troubles and it's still having problems pepeW
@MarioManTAW i feeeel that, just dumped $1100 into my 16 year old car a few weeks ago FeelsStrongMan
My car's also 16 years + 243K miles
heyyyy maybe they were born in the same car hospital
I'm at the point where I'm ready for it to be someone else's problem
Hope you're doing well Phantom!! <3
We need an emote of Link falling
That's good, I'd add it if I could
7tv has just been shit lately so it's not showing up ig
it didn't even told me u add it
It worked for me after a browser refresh
They also made a chat window that makes every thing that does work not work
What do you mean by maybe need it? Please clarify.
Even/odd seconds at end of run phanto274Smile
it advances the cycle, its cycle 3 now
WE NEED BLESSED RNG IN CHAT, RN
Is it 50/50 which arm goes in the ground first?
Sounds like a good future pred idea then phanto274Smile
@MarioManTAW it is effectively, its based on your position relative to vaati but the check is done at a random point in time that you can't determine
Assuming people care to keep doing preds, I may already need to dial it back
droplets is bizzare, its so hard to tell why you save/lose 30s
Next pb for us will break the big minute barrier PogChamp
its mostly enemy rng in dark maze
yeah its really hard to tell
V2 you entered with less than 20 arrows
there is a pot you need to grab in the moving platform room
Another Pb achieved and not by too much Kappa
means you will get another PB Kappa
that is what I'm talking about
I thought there was 2 pots
also V1 bottom left pot if you don't notice your arrows until very late
yeah its in that demo I posted weeks ago
droplets aludes me too, its a black hole
Also another arrow drop is the skulls in the first room of palace, its always in the middle left skull
you gonna name the Rando seed "Bread" for Pallos?
if you vote Goron, you're BANNED (kidding I swear)
I have a sword, and I'm not afraid to (ab)use it
oh shit guess I'm banned oh wait
you lost a lot of time to lilypad movement
yeah lilypad movement is all about just counting your puffs while mashing gust
Sorry @buff00n it had to be done
Surely Anju will win the poll next time :)
I mean, I figure you keep doing polls until we do all of them once
eh that droplets was just pretty unlucky all around
each room just had enemies mostly in the way
firesnakes were really mean, set fire multiple times and bullied into the corner waiting for them to move
and cancelled spin early before making clones
Real gamers know this is ACTUALLY from F-Zero raysI
crenel clip isn't super vital at first
best version of the song don't at me
there's even a bass solo right before the loop
portal items and lake door OG are the really scary stuff that needs practice
yeah crenel clip is just a medium difficullty medium reward trick, its fine to learn whenever
@Myth197 I mean, I've lost my fuckin MIND numerous times. There's definitely a such thing as "too high"
is it too late to change my vote?
@blacktiger51 you chose this path, bucko
Link the Goron and Link the human make the ultimate hero duo. Ezlo can sit this one out Kappa
you should be allowed to have the Goron move heavy stuff
A little cursed but this is what we're dealing with for the next ~2 hours
Nah this is a beloved journey Marioman
If you're not prepared for cursed garbage, why are you watching rando?
With a Goron named Link and a human named Link joining up to save the day LUL
No, no, the human is named Bread :)
looks like raven is not here
just allow @buff00n to be able to change it
that requires Phantom taking his hands off the controller
You're doing a rando not runs
I haven't played this since s1
I beat dark mega with just shadowman, I was so proud LUL
yeah rando changed a lot recently
he even whiffed a dark sword lmao
You mean finished a run and got a PB by not too much so you can get another one next run Kappa
I sort of fell of when the community went towards more variety settings for standard
does the goron just follow the whole time doing nothing
Every weekly was like different it was hard to keep up
this is a great follower but get back to me when biggorron can be one
@LordXenu230 rando had no development for 2 years so the community had to cope somehow, now we have new devs willing to work on it we've gone for more normal settings but with new features
ocarina seems like a nightmare first item
Maybe. We can have EZlo tag along with also having Ezlo to use his powers phanto274Thonk
I'll have to take a look
2 Ezlo for one Link is a bargain
I think I left minish maker if you wanna dm an invite feel free myth
Still looks like Flippers, probably safe
Game really wanted to make sure you had bombs
Bombs and Gorons go together well for hits. How thoughtful of the seed LUL
you can hop down a ledge in crenel to get to the flippers
did you change settings to not have to find the stone things?
That Goron must be blessed with the ability to jump and fly a true paragon to his kind that no other Goron can do FeelsStrongMan
so if link falls off a ledge, -.25 hear. but if he falls from the sky, nothing
just need to ask him for advice
out of context that seemed rather angry lol
Your money is crying for help
So much so that it dings
That Goron has no understanding of personal boundaries
Ah yes the unofficial fight club Kappa
Dream more like nightmare being frozen to death and then waking up LUL
just found out today is the most cured day ever... #GoombaAppreciationDay!
@axl_sr mister206Gombidious appreciation day? Oh no.
@axl_sr I must now puke up my meal because of that cursed sentence LUL
Its for the Goombario YouTubers Axl but also I see. That one dark Lord in the mix mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
because you like to throw for content
i may or may not have taken a 3 and a half hour nap
@iceblue you were in Links dreams freezing him solid this seed LUL
why do you have a goron following you
The Goron is named Link following Link and together they are the dynamic Link duo Kappa
don't be so casual, you stopped the vote right when goron was top ;)
I told myself I wouldn't vote unless it was tied in the last few seconds so then I was the tiebreaker
Don't have opinions that strong but if a decision needs to be made...
has the bot made any rigbeliever quotes?
it's a minesweaper and roguelite mix
Anyway, I'm about to fall asleep here, gn and gl with the rest of the rando
got it 2 months ago and i'm at 213 hours lol
does this game have any checks behind optional fights?
I was a rigbeliever until the last blue key seed Sadge
Hearing your money cry is a Sadge moment
Hey Phantom! How's the rando going so far? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Whats not real is logic. Its only a suggestion right? Kappa
TMC Rando w/ Goron (slowly) Stalking Our Every Move
use goron to hit switches for you
he has surprisingly accurate collision for somethin that isn't here
The Goron is there for rock solid support Kappa
I mean its Links hometown Raven Goron Links Kappa
is there a reason why this goron is following you KEKW
The goron is gonna beat his ass when the camera goes away
i always wonder what my first gamer rage moment was as a kid
Every time you play this minigame. It looks painful.
3 more and you can get a Wendys4for4
It helps that Link the Goron is nudging you along Kappa
I have an idea for an alert.
If I like the ideas tomorrow, Ill write it down and do it later.
Apparently my name is black on mobile instead of purple
@blacktiger51 I see your name in purple. Im on Mobile
Any length, the. i am not limited by that.
So was this a required double dip for gust jar?
Still says blacktiger. Should say purple tiger
I mean when something like rocs Cape falls from the sky of course its real Kappa
Well, at least when you softlock again, you wont have to restart the rando.
This music should always be playing with the goron following you
Too bad, you have to mark it.
That game is the weirdest game I have seen someone run. I did watch that run the one time I saw it was on.
I didnt even know the game existed.
I wonder if room rando exists for this
That room is lit literally Kappa
hope the seed is goin well! tippiLove
sounds like a deep dive KEKW
Whether you get blue sword depends on if you have been good this year.
Dont get on the naughty list.
was it both "just in the open" ? 
Dont worry, Vaati will do that later. Muwahahaha
so i counted up my postman attempts from my run earlier
bunny hood doesn't make a difference in leniency unfortunately
my postman gold is a 4:54 and my pb split was 8:15 KEKW
Developers should make games more friendly for speedrunners.
only was curious that much cus rando goes of US version where you have leniency and can "just time it well" every time 
but I heard of the horrors of JP Postman game att imes just deciding to be impossible
yeah english has it really easy for that minigame
has to hit 10.0 compared to 10.00
more like "you didnt hit the frame because right now there is no frame" 
that hundredths place makes a huge difference
cus how often would u have to go into just the one at hyrule?
that goron is fighting for his life trying to not fall
yea... like - if they'd be like songs in N64 zeldas, I'd see big value behind it
but the scrolls technically are 100% optional spin aside really I reckon?
ouhhh so this does the same LTTP does PrideLaugh
now the important question though: does it have a bonk counter KEKW
I always wonder why Super Mario Club is in all the game credits
Are swords progressive in race settings/
except in LTTP, bambs are a resource
early Kak in LTTPR is just always "bring a bamb, you'll like it"
or you go there being an idiot like me and hope for one from chests KEKW
get some good food! tippiTap and thanks for comfy!
my gaming chair should be fix today
Doing good, gotta pack tonight. Were going ti Texas for a bowling tournament phanto274Hype
The first game I speedran also has had the best intro lmao
You have the paintings talking with each other 15 seconds in and that's it
I didn't realize you had only been Speedrunning since 2021
Gl on the run Phantom! phanto274GL
Gotta figure out what you wanna run
Octoroc please. Is that the new bitch please
no joe you lost the best badge
not that i would swap my duskull but i wish twitch would let you pick between unlocked sub badges
my sub badges have been "placeholders" for like 3 years now
Didn't realise sub ran out 
What's the difference between this and any %? Is it using glitches?
When do you plan on doing that as a run instead of glitchless?
Don't even know what or where the boomerang is on this game haven't seen it 
I hadn't watched this game at all until you started streaming it
Im looking forward to seeing it, this has been a cool run already glitchless
Are the chus the only bosses where the amount of hits they take to advance to the next phase is a range of hits?
Well time to start my day, might be back later if your still doing runs phanto274GL
i dont remember any of these cutscenes
its only been like 3 years since i beat the game
maybe i do need to play this again
just bind R to something near your stick
Okay that was a very clutch fairy then
You needed health? Here have a bad time menu-ing instead
Can't wait to see some glitches phanto274Smile
Oh wait you dont have peril beam in this run LUL
i didn't do it i swear i'm innocent
why p for the file name?
The downside to peril manips dying Sadge
Better to check sooner than later
This is just the equivalent to Prologue in Pape
The run dying was traumatic enough for you to second guess everything it be like that Kappa
signed up for a Smash local then decided, "FUCK THAT" I'm staying in bed
I can still fight Steve in my dreams
shame cuz said Steve player one of THE chillest dudes ever
i sure do love playing against dlc
4/6 dlc pack 2 characters just upset me when i see them on my screen
Smash 4 and Ultimate had decently balanced base rosters. Then the devs abandoned whatever restraint they had when designing DLC.
Maybe I'll give Rivals 2 a chance since it has defense mechanics
people kinda fetishize melee a bit too much lmao
it ain't the best game ever lol
That's why I hate HDR, they throw out the stuff I love about Ultimate and replace with Melee shit
Also Rivals is sick and I would play it if it wasn't just smash players
Not forgiving PM for turning off input buffer by default
It's really well designed around parry honestly
parry/movement/actual differing frame data on whiff
More platform fighters should balance around differing frame data on whiff/hit
@RavenFP my issue with Rivals is parry is your main/only defensive option
i find it great that the universe has expanded a bit so it's not just fighters
Am I just the guy with unpopular opinions them because I love rivals *because* it doesn't have shields or grabs
I like melees movement I just hate the input floor for it
I think wavedashing is fine when it's not how you have to move, it's way better to have it as an extra option
Like Tekken and the actual wavedash
that shit is just to bait
Yea it's actually meant to be there
But yea that's my point on why rivals feels way better to me than melee, they designed it around it and made chars fast enough to not NEED it to move they just made it easier and it's there to be extra movement
I like idea of "Melee" wavedashing w/ Ultimate's penalty for spamming roll
Yea you should never be required to do it several times in a row
I'd probably play melee if it had input buffering.
Which I guess is just rivals
PM is terribly balanced but it is genuinely fun to play at least
I played PM gnw that shit was fun
At least some regions for PM now are just turning on auto L cancel
the one thing i liked about PM was that they got a good friend of mine to work on the main theme
I don't fathom why people rally for L Cancels
Literally replace L cancel with differing lag for hit/whiff and there ya go
You keep combos and can actually play a real neutral game
a move should be safe cuz I space it properly, not cuz I timed the reduce lag buttom
Anyways Kof has none of these issues play that :)
IDK how competitive I'll be in future but I've done competitive SSB4/Ult
Link to the Past rando bonks sounds AWFUL
I did a bit of Melee, PM, Smash 4, Ultimate and Mario Kart
I wouldn't recommend any of them
KOF is the only comp game I've played/still play that I would recommend as a tournament game lollll
i don't have the motivation to play competitive
especially Mario Kart. me, a grown ass man, beefing with children
I was told there was some like horrific patches for tag but it became ok at the end but it was too late
i lose a few times and i get frustrated and lose all interest, don't wanna play anymore lmfao
@mirby_studios that's not a bad thing, imo
@buff00n You? Beefing with a child? You would never
I'll probably play new Smash games when they come out but not with any intent to take them seriously
i'll play fighting games sure, just casually and for fun
@RavenFP not the first, nor last time, most likely
@buff00n Beefing with a child during the Mario movie?
Yea s2 was the fuck it patch where they just did shit
also, FUCK those tryhards who insist they wanna be the best, but BLOW at playing the video game
They did that to dragonball too and now literally everyone hates that game LOL
Even after labcoat nerfs no dragonball player I've talked to likes the game rn
I didn't learn optimals for my team and I still shat out 13k
I know Chie teams would just ToD people
"No nerfs, only buffs!" is, and will always be, bloody AWFUL balance design
DNF said that but then they nerfed the one problem char and it's pretty cool now
Arcsys kinda just fucked over dnf though
0 communication on developments for the game just killed anything it had
All I'm saying is, they tried it with DBFZ and damn near killed the game
you know waking up today i did not have "george lopez is in a superhero movie" on my bingo card lmao
It has people still playing waiting for the next big tag game but there is no enjoyment
yeah he plays i guess the dad in the upcoming Blue Beetle movie
@RavenFP what died quicker, DNF or GBVS
people are fucking pissed cause his character calls batman a fascist lmao
Granblue def did because of covid but it did get the evo spot so Idk
DNF still has arcrevo at least
Granblue: the delay based netcode game that came out like 2 months b4 covid
Granblue has also been screwed over by the fuck it patch
Corsay played belial didn't he LOL
played GBVS with a friend, then never touched it agaim
I hate how pressure is structured in the game tbh
anyways i actually feel awake and alive now so that's good lmfao
It has blazblue reaction techs without throw reward and it's just all mids and 22 frame overheads and staring
guess who I played in GBVS
i got ARMS as a gift, and someone i knew challenged me to it the day i got it. and mopped the floor with me
killed the game for me completely
Then they put out overdrive and the pressure game became hard bait read or just wait
dude was like "i thought you'd had more practice with it!" i had only had the game for like 4 hours if that
I was enjoying Pokken for a bit
I watched it a bit at frosties
Japanese games don't need netcode Kappa
smh my head not softlocking again
I do love all the people praising SNK for kof13 rollback
@RavenFP The only Pokken Tournment I watched was the one MatPat won
murdering your run by hopping into a hole
KOF13 is THE game for people who don't play kof every kof player I know fucking hates that game LOL
That era people prefer 11 and sprite based kof people usually go 98 or 02um
I don't play KOF what's wrong with 13
Spent more time fighting the inputs than I did my opponent
13 has bad ports and unfinished characters
Genuinely some of the best sprite art ever done for a fg
It's why chars are unfinished they couldn't afford to make the frames LOL
I'm an old head, I'd give it to Mark of the Wolves as the most beautiful pixel art in a FG
KOF13 trial videos also killed a lot of players wanting to try kof because it made people think the game is way harder than it is
yeah, 13's beauty damn near fucked over SNK
@RavenFP Like were they missing whole moves
Yea a lotta chars didn't have chunks of their kit from prior games
But yea kof combos are not the hard part of the game and making people think it's impossible to do a bnb kinda kills people wanting to play it
There's some sweatlord shit but most players just don't do that shit lol
K' players are another story though
@RavenFP lol, I saw that clip you sent
Yea that was jibcas friend who was like "2b ex slide is the best point confirm in the game you just have to practice the 2f motion input" and then just does it every single time
Never drops the anywhere juggle either
And then he plays the most basic jenet ever LOL
Oh hell yea elon musk is getting sued for 250 billion for doge coin being a scam LOL
@RavenFP Heard they changed the Twitter logo to Doge to bury search results while pretending it's a late April Fools joke
"2b ex slide is the best point confirm in the game you just have to practice the 2f motion input"
Doesn't have easy stuff after you hit the starter
You have to do really weird delay cancels and backdash cancel anywhere juggles
His 1 bar confirm does 50% and is meter neutral with a 4f safejump though so you are 100% rewarded for sweating
I just want modern FG's to like
Not make you sweat but give actual reward for if you do
Strive I have 0 reward for doing sweaty shit for routes I get more damage just doing super right away
I'm learning that Melty actually can reward you for it though so that's making me way more interested
Like even with simplified inputs you can still have hard shit be rewarded idk why strive is so scared of hard stuff being better
Difficulty influences decision making it makes things blatantly more dynamic
Like even fucking Xiaohai was doing simple jenet confirms every time he didn't absolutely need the delay harrier to kill someone at evo jp
I am also having those same flashbacks to the last time LUL
Its like you got soft locked by taking hits of thats a thing
How do I add one LOL
But its true in a way Kappa
At least /I/ know what all those mean
I can look, but I can't read/understand it
i want to know how did that book even get up there
the red book was the 1 i was talking about
Any% you get to play a little tune
those boots are something else. Allowing you to just halt momentum on ice.
Do not regret my suggestion phanto274Smile
Sometimes you can get octo manip based on your movements and timing of things even if accidentally. It comes down to limiting the RNG to a small amount but not 0%
was gonna say, that looked good
But it was the backup phase 3 manip for when hes facing a certain way
phanto274Shrug I don't know anything about this game
except for when I last played it like 15 years ago, and I'm looking at my physical copy now
Dampe be like "how did you lose that key already?"
You may have a point bot LUL
I would hope something in a speedrun would be fast.
These bosses must be loaded with explosives
Did you ever take that drink?
Only fell down there when you meant to this time raysY
Kof lobbies won't let me play people rn >:(
btw since we were talkin' about smash and smashlike games, a roguelite dropped today into early access that plays like a platform fighter
there's even extra rifts where you gotta 3 stock your foe before they kill you lol
Spiritfall is the name, just played it during lunch. it's good
is it cuz u been kicking too much ass? @RavenFP
No it's just neither party can enter a lobby lol
I can't even get to the ass
Not surprising, pokemon is over saturated while Zelda is always cool.
922 subs. 78 until book of mario
that game is actually so toxic after a certain point
I was like oh shit phantom got 2 records
vaati 1 was trash but that was a surprisingly nice vaati 2 to make up lol
that line up for those shots looks so awful
We love a sub 2:30 phanto274Hype
Remember to never PB by too much Kappa
my god tho that Vaati 2 was... you needed that
is that a jp thing or was vaati 3 always that bad
i had a hard time fighting him as a kid with like 20 heart and 4 fairy
I just realized that with geese in the corner I can raging storm after a low parry and neither the raging storm or the OTG after scale whatsoever
i remember vaati being hard as a kid but that's just bullshit lmao
but i beat oot with 3 hearts as a kid and no fairy idk why vaati is that hard
Blizzard is getting sued again lol
i thought it was funny you went "PB is dead for sure" when you were over a minute ahead at the time lol
I'm pretty sure that's cheating, bot
is it time to vote on who follow  you the whole time
I can if I know what the options arelol
Oh that is a pb(I think)
Chapter 7 scaled puff fight with no power bounce
Let her do the cuckoo minigame with you
Then she can see your pain
yo Stadium 1 hits NSO on the 12th
@buff00n Look who our stalker is today
never ask me for anything else ever again buff00n :P
@mariomantaw chat came to their senses. excellent.
Also I think stream title needs to be updated again
i didn't know Anju was Jesus
the issue is I'm currently on mobile
Sad? I thought there was no use crying over spilled milk phanto274Smile
came back, hearing this song again ICANT
Very wet seed so far YEP
How did she fit down there
that one boss in the upside down castle in sotn makes me upset
well, i didn't finish it yet, but if that boss has something i need, i'm giving up on it
What's going to be here? Sword? Bombs? Something else?
ah, if i wasn't already here i would accept it
If you're looking for someone to give the seed to, I don't think Myth is here
no, you have the boomerang :3
dog just gave you explosives lmao
had to go skyward for that sword
Why is she following you? Looks funny
@mirby_studios I was, THIS close, to timing you for that pun
rip miss the vote and 30 mins
Oh yeah, this is where you soft locked before in the hole
@rigby234 That was a good meme
Me winning a league race, good joke
Me and axl beat paperario and adam
crap, i knew i forgot to do something
whats with the lady following you everywhere?
i should try and submit fusion rando for gdq next year
Keeping up with the mine cart and shit
im a fan of anju chilling with hs
I thought the video title Rigbelievers in shambles was quite savage.
my final bowser I got 8 bounces lmao
Hopefully he gets revenge for that
Everyone in the rigbeliever group dm was hollering at it, we thoroughly enjoyed it
I'm waiting for the legend of Anju game
if link started speaking english eminem wouldn't hold a candle to him
looks like my chair is not getting fix tonight might have to buy a new base rip
if i can get the stupid gas cylinder out i don't have to buy a new base but its fucked
What kind of chair has a gas cylinder?
its the part that make the chair go up and down the pole thingy
I heard gaming chairs are not great
Ah yes, didnt know thats what it was.
i never would've guessed that's gas powered
this 1 is great I'm just a little too big for it
Youre a growing boy/man. Need a bigger chair
nah i need a base that can hold more weight
I dont know anyones gender in here
My set up is a recliner and my pc connects to a port that puts the screen on a big tv.
I have a portable mouse and keyboard on a tray
Thats a good sized raid too. Cool
No trevbonk today. The mirror shield is the goombario of this rando
are all the kinstone checks just available from the star?
wow that was an expensive heart piece
have a good stream homie gtg to bday dinner
Bombette doesnt seem to mind it.
its been enjoyable nice break from pape
M I L K ! ? ! ? !
how many times can we get it in a row
that was just as magical as advertised
This is the best check in the game
it's nice to see a variety of traps instead of only ice traps
give us a dungeon with anju like the medli dungeon in windwaker
That darknut strat is still one of my favorite strats in any game
confirmed nothing important from the clip
Just the ugliest slice of cake I've ever seen
Oh boy, best fight in the game right here
I showed my mom a set where I shit on someone with jacko from saturday and did my best to explain wtf my character does
She was confused why jacko crouched like that and I just told her it was tactical
watch it be in the fortress of wind
the check in fortress of wind is looking pretty good right about now
not... entirely inappropriate music, I guess...?
I get to see the Mario movie today :)
I haven't seen it, it's in 3 hours
things do get really annoying with more advanced stuff in fotress
and don't get me started on octo clip
I find Glitchless far more satisfying to optimise than any%
Gl on the run Phantom! phanto274GL phanto274Hype
how much did you practice up to?
Hey phantom! Good luck on your run phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Doot
oh ok, yeah you should be fine, espacially with your glitchless practice
people do any% with far less prep
any% should be cool cheating % instead
You can accidentally skip cutscenes and not lose the run
Dang thats right, no more invalidating
how the fuck did my spellcheck change call to cool
i forgot about risch's bn notes tool was looking at bn5
the chip tracker would be fun for hundo runs on LC
yeah, i see iit only working casually
so last night maddy comes to me saying they should play a zelda game
so i just suggested this one lol
I saw the games but didnt read it
speaking of discord what the best 2fa for it?
I was about to ask what is Gulag Authenticator LuL
1 jump is always a nice timesaver
His pressure is different but pretty fucking similar to xrd so he's actually dynamic
And they kept his god 2p 
Raven really didn't go to bed smh
Oh I labbed blockstrings for like 3 hours after 3am last night
i still need to find someone to couch for me during my big's big world run at the sonic hotfix lol
yeah I'm there all week with Hailey and Drunkle (an OoT runner)
may 7th at 5pm is my run
yeah right now i'm synced to pacific time
More like why is DST still a thing tbh
and yeah Big's Big World is an open world adventure but functionally it's basically just a very large Big level from Sonic Adventure with multiple powers
weird my emote doesnt show on your chat box
also Froggy is randomly distributed to one of like over 200 ponds
the white emerald gives a "froggy cam" so you can get an idea of where he is at least lol
what do you think of power star hunt?
Sorry I distracted you with spinning ezekiel
I would imagine it would alleviate required combat quite a bit
Especially if you also put Rowf out of logic
i now have 2fa on discord
Even just Icebound's recommended settings of 50/70 would let you skip a lot of checks including all the bad ones and fights
Probably possible to do a full pacifist rando now even
i wonder how bad a allsanity of this game will be
Do you think you will PB in your first Any% tun?
was that the ika aid marathon run?
Hahaha, I think you can guarantee that one.
rando was a bit different at the time, all fusions were completed in that run
I chose those settings because I could consistently hit 3 hours every seed
i do have the points but idk if i want to make you suffer
its not gonna make me add anything to python like altlp rando did right
my head was hurting learning the basic of python when trying to get that shit to work
yeah we have a long term fix planned for the DPI scaling issue
you're gonna have to train yourself to not accidentally not do these clips lmao
Oh nice, it does look cool though
True, the bomb thing is so 5Head
the aim is to bait the moblins to dash down at link and die to the bottom explosion
that used to be in the any% run so runners made it fairly consistent for WR runners
WR is now 17 mins faster than it was when quo did that run
yeah, only 3 people went for it in runs
at the time people did shop roof OG to get the bracelets to do the pot puzzle in palace for a key
the only way to skip it was cutscene OG to get a different key
then we found wirbelhop, and everyone could do it, and it was faster than cutscene OG, run was saved
I'm sure I'll enjoy the SMO and SMM2 runs
I'm excited for the SADX relay
Celeste TAS, Pokemon SV, and blindfolded BotW will probably also be fun
i have three words for you
Jaxler's Neopets run will be low key hype
i can't believe SGDQ will raise $50000 just on donations telling the runner to stay hydrated while exercising argickSmug
I dont know if Colosseum has been in before but Im hype for more people to see it, under appreciated imo
i felt bad for not being surprised that jaxler was running neopets but he reassured me that was totally fair to be unsurprised about
like "oh a neopets game. OH OF COURSE ITS JAXLER RUNNING IT" lmao
we got culvers together last year
fun fact: i can say i live in a pokemon region because of colosseum and XD
orre is based on phoenix arizona so
i mean yeah but it legitimately is factually based on phoenix
a forest in the NW, which relates to the mountains here
and the big ass mountain in the middle is camelback iirc
also phenac not only kidna sounds like phoenix, but the origin of bringing water into the city to found the place is the same between the two
which also means take that unova we beat you to having a US-based pokemon region by two generations lmao
Breath of the No Longer Most Recent New Zelda Game
Ben Stevens ALBW is really cool
cause Tears of the Kingdom drops two weeks before SGDQ
BotW about to be old news :P
I won't be able to hundo TOTK before GDQ Sadge
I'm sure people will want to race it there
i legit can't wait to see the dumbest fucking things people make in Tears
i'm gonna be part of it
i can't wait to attach a cannon backwards onto my weapon so i shoot myself in the face every time i attack
I might have to do a little bit of TMC in those 2 weeks
oh god i just thought of something hilarious
i shall build a flying raft for the sole purpose of landing on enemies with it
i know ice wants to make like a 69 foot spear
I'm still in thr parking lot
i said i would totally buy the mario movie soundtrack if they released it, which they already are. but i have no way to play or rip a CD right now lmao
I foresee a time skip where you save minutes this run Kappa
i'd have a CD drive in this computer but i had to sacrifice it for room to fit the cables for my graphics card lmao
I've beaten Z2. You're not missing out by not completing, imo
i might be able to temporarily reconnect it if necessary it just wouldn't be in the tower lol
@buff00n Have you tried strive at all yet
Blue chu just seems like a bait check in rando to me
I need more people to mix with bedman
Yeah I always hated those guys with their reflective pincers
By bigger problems you mean Octo manip Kappa
hey gl save those 10 seconds
it might still work because octo manip things
mister206Do or DO NOT. There is no trying Octo manip Kappa
looks like he's skipping when moving "down"
Welcome to a place of Darkness and Power for the Dark Lords and mister206Gombidious
like the good gamer you are
he thought you needed a hug
if you go right side first you just miss the left side platform cycle and have to wait ages
you should be keeping track of it and stop just short during the farm, then get spares during the run on the way
the wizrobe figurine entry says they are weak to fire
yeah, come on young adult me.
worst enemies in the whole game
alright gotta go to a hockey game, cya
which vaati will be a dick today
2 has been going too well, I think it's 2
He can only hit Ganondorf's back sorry
it's both busy and not busy at work today
like plenty of chats, but out of all the ones i've had none were actual chats, just empty ones that dropped
like maybe 2 or 3 i actually had to interact
we have a 3 step 3 minute policy where we send 3 messages checking if the customer is still there, one per minute.
that's been my day so far
doing that for 98% of the chats today lol
granted with me getting easily distracted it's more like "messages sent every 60-180 seconds wait fuck i forgot to send one of the timeout messages" lmao
one time i got horribly distracted and didn't send any after like 5 minutes at which point the customer actually showed up lmao
i say one time but that's actually happened several times lol
still not the worst vaati 2 i've seen
i mean at least you hit the 2 wrong ones that told you the EXACT pattern definitively on round 3 lol
it was Vaati 3 that was a dick this time!
At least you still saved at least 10 seconds
I am excited for the any5 run
I've been going into TMC history to try and record everyone's PBs, so many people didn't save their PBs because "I'll improve this soon"
i already ate i had the new sandwich from firehouse
1 / 2 day tomorrow, with 2x pay
blame ice, he got firehouse today and it made me crave it lmfao
you did take way too long to make clones in V3 which cost mutliple cycles
the only Firehouse I've seen was replaced by a yoga place
oh yeah the ditto tera raid is live
everyone's timesave is in the end game
goodbye glitchless, you will be missed
"Saved 10+ seconds in Glitchless now first Any% run"
where's Ice, I need to help him rig the system
buddy just gave 'em to you?
Those look in such nice condition too
the japanese artwork is so nice
It cant nearly be as bad as me spending an hour specifically on log skip in my first run
dolphin shoals is possibly my favorite mk song, even beating the rainbows
so thank you for not cutting it short
is it public so I we don't suggest stuff already on there?
i don't think chat will like to get spam by legend of heroes music
Pape runs prepared me for this
So what makes the hyrule castle dungeon accessible at the end, like pape depending on story bytes or MM needing boss remains
The good timeline for a zelda speedrun
I knew it was gonna be the crypt when you said it wasn't much of one KEKW
I'm looking forward to the boomerang shenanigans
Oh good someone hugged that tektite
Trying to look cool in your first any5 submission EZ
its does make the room easier and a small amount faster
that wasn't a typo for once NiceSoftlock
here is where the fun begins
"so here we are going to confuse the game..."
thats why you rlease inputs in the pause
thats a mistake you make once
just get the 2nd key like in glitchless, its fine
its like 2 minutes lost, nothing big
lots of runners have done that in races and come back to win
you make it once and never again
this is a new setup that is way easier, it used to be blind to hit the bridge and way harder
you don't need to hug the screen edge
just watch anyone's run do that room
I had to go watch that skip again that is nuts
that strat used to rely on timing a bomb explosion like we do at portal items
then toads found out we can put the rollobite in the wall
yeah those skips save like 4-5 mins
they did that at AGDQ 2015
I am going to be too nervous to play flawlessly
I'll do something dumb in DWS to laugh about and then the run will be fine
peahat will become your mortal enemy
Oh right, you actually need non yellow ones now
that is the easiest manip in the whole game, its nearly impossible to fail
8 is fine, just don't fail portal items 7 times
I think it was 911 Last Friday. That number is a little easy to remember
yeah this section is realy weird if you are only used to glitchless
Its easy to forget, but 912 is the better number to call in emergencies
yes, on the way to the last tingle
Ive never seen an egg in rando.
But youre missing out on treasures
The glitches in this game are wild
I'm so glad I came into this blind
Cheating seems more work than vanilla
droplets is so much 'cooler' in any%
the spirit of goof troop SNES lives on in Temple of Droplets
was that the whole point of getting boomarang was just for this?
the boomerang won't let you transtion while holding it
omg easy scissor beetle fight EZ
yeah magic boomerang makes so many fights easier
and that is all of ToD
instead of 10 minutes, it was like 5
people normally have an enter Octo split
lantern is not needed anywhere else in the run if we could skip octo
Looks like world record pace here
oh i just noticed this is intended dungeon order KEKW
we can delay CoF until after ToD, but its not fast
And Im getting really sick of guys named Todd Its just a goofy - its a goofy fucking name, OK? Hi, whats your name? Todd. Im Todd.
if we can get past the 1st room of Palace without blue sword then we can finish the whole dungeon without it
Who put that ladder there modCheck
red sword fight isn't bad at all
but its kinda bad to do it with red sword, we would want to do it with green sword which would be hell
if you can do all the dungeons with green sword we do 1 trip castle and skip the moblin fight and vaati cutscene
boomerang is so much nicer to use than bow
palace is the most fun dungeon imo
every section of palace is cool
just get the key at fan loop
just FYI last save is before octo so don't reset
you pressed down and clipped back in bounds
all the OoB tricks are pretty easy, its just remember where to go
not practicing the end of a new category GIGACHAD
you know the Raen rule at GDQ?
just in time to see the sky mantis fight
Raen ran TMC at AGDQ 2011, they didn't learn DHC before their run because "its pretty easy"
they took 1 hour to do DHC
the Raen rule is "Learn the entire game, the last level is just as important as the first"
lmao, not an important event to learn it for or anything
sry it took so long lol
i remember learning mega man zero and not practicing the final boss KEKW
then when i did, i saved like 7 minutes on copy x
"TMC is a game" - Myth197 2023
too far right on the dash
I want to see the creative routes taken in the rest of the sectrions
the cool glide we do in cloud tops to skip some movement is because I saw a casual do it, its good when someone approaches the game with a fresh set of eyes
OGs have been good this run
it only went away when you went up the stairs
you don't need to be careful
close to 2:00 on first run is REALLY good
you are consistently too far left
you can hold sword close to vaati's eyes
line up the point of the sword with the eye then walk down
thats a really good first run
you've got easy timesave throughout the run
most of it is palace ngl
my first run got stuck at portal items for 20 minutes
so ready for the any% race saturday?
I think henny wants to race too, and they are aiming for their first sub 2
a early stream on Saturday pog
*squints* you do this knowing I'll do it
I'm okay, my coworker is late for work, leaving me stranded here just like every opening shift I work
I prefer opening, but like... man I wish he'd show up on time for once phanto274Shrug
He's currently 1h35m late and counting
I'm like 10 minutes late for a closing shift *at most* on any given day. This job is so easy man
He literally gets to sit and watch Netfilx for 90% of his shift
Also wao, it's been a whole month
I really want the 6mo badge
Okay but I can cope happily with Duskull
just re use the bow badge from 2 years
gl on the run Phantom! phanto274GL
too bad vivian will never be as good as bow
I do like her design better though
Can't wait for some "normal" gameplay
I want the ohoho one so bad man
I wlil probably get there.. by the end of next month, I'd imagine
the part i need for my chair come in tomorrow
my back is hurting from the chair I'm in
Is the 25k one going to be the streaming one?
PB's are less cool in TMC because you don't get to farm MarioDab drips
@MarioManTAW was the mario movie any good?
I have played/seen very little of this game before watching you play it, and this is my first time catching an any% run, so I'm sure I'll be boggled by some things
can't accidentally frame perfectly kill the run this time, hm?
I'm sure phantom can find a way Kappa
I'm feeling less and less positive about bedman tier wise the more I play my practice partner and he develops counterplay
It's really hard to prevent mashing without meter setups because the frametraps do like jackshit for damage
speaking of softlocks i softlock myself in re4 remake today trying to skip a boss fight
And they're annoying as hell to time
i kept getting push the wrong way oob
now get one less than 1 hour
@blacktiger51 skipped the entire rest of the run, including the finish SirSad
I've learned half of this run so many times bandit17Goggle
Of all of the Zelda games that exist, that is one of them
Do I continue shiny hunting in Platinum or shiny hunt in X for a starter?
I've heard gen 6 starter shiny hunting is garbage
What are you hunting in Plat
Shiny Shinx and Starly as I already have Shiny turtwig and doing a shiny mon run.
I will always vote for shiny shinx
How are you attacking so fast? Is it just mashing really quick?
Isn't there a way to mod a controller to prevent snapback with a better dead zone?
Imagine using a control stick for a D-pad game Kappa
Any%  that means Dampe and Tingle skip right? Kappa
Are you saying you do Tingle in Any% but not in Glitchless? What's Tingle for exactly in this game?
Tingle is there to mingle with us because hes single Kappa
i refresh the stream after the adds and i got the adds again
Getting stream blocked by ads sucks Tiger LUL
it was the same 3 adds also
It happens to me a lot
I sold M4 on dungeon shuffle LUL
hey m4, hope the runs were good
i got a 3:02 on my first dungeon shuffle
i didn't clear a chapter until 1:44
axl what did you do to them?
@Amishman19 they were ok, i got a splits pb by 10 seconds and then fucked off to rando lol
the any% run i finished was like one of the fastest i've ever seen until i picked up the third whacka for safe route
you give m4 a bad seed didn't u axl
@blacktiger51 he corrupted M4 with the dark influence of mister206Gombidious mixed with dungeon shuffle Sadge
This is where the magic happens
i found dungeon shuffle really fun, wasn't expecting to
but it changed a lot about how i played the seed
ehh... I had a rough time with it, and sure. First chapter clear was pretty late at 1:44 but thats how dungeon shuffle rolls sometimes. From what ive played its pretty rare to get a sub 1 clear
i just liked how things were shaken up
Dungeon shuffle Aldos gives more power to my baby, the blue key LUL
i found the blue key from doing small statue skip :)
I raced that one with paperario and he dropped out. I thought I didnt finish it, but I do remember getting hammer from volcano so maybe I did finish
well only try I guess KEKW
p up d down but my wario 
The bot is sentient it seems
Not in a good way LUL
i miss that part yesterday didn't know about that boss key skip
I can't see the emote Sadge
yes, I made my next stream title the link to that emote LUL
Yeah I don't see it either
I'm on my laptop and it's just text
those that want to see it
Imagine being a mobile frog ahahahah... onewin14Pout
It's probably just not showing up bc it's recently uploaded and unverified
oh wow beginner route doesn't use crenel clip
I didn't watch a 1 hour tutorial just to do crenel the normal way bandit17Scream
you will fully understand the trick after watching this video haha
So that's actually a flag trigger?
sounds like a lot of time save to me
Did you play Color Splash just to get the footage for the plunger
That makes it even funnier to me tbh
Can you explain why we need the Magic Boomerang Mr. Strimmer?
That was a detailed explanation thank you
Look at all the time save
Okay I gotta start heading home now that my coworker decided to show up
See y'all later, if I stop back in
YEP just how I remember MC
Will Roc's Cape have interesting glitches?
Lai said she is waiting on GoombarioLookingOutHisJailCell to get approved on FFZ
"how the hell am I supposed to get the red key when the red key room is locked?!" They think the red key room is the red locked door KEKW
we have a beautiful new emote GoombarioLookingOutHisJailCell
We never get to see Shrek Sword 
I'm on mobile so I can't even see it lol
God I hate Twitch mobile so much
is this the part when I say GG?
I don't really have any problems with it
I've used it since 2012 so it's improved quite a ton since then monadoKEK
But I think it's one of the better mobile apps I use
watching in the actual web browser lol
If I hadn't been watching more on desktop I probably would still like the mobile version fine
Oh I primarily use desktop, but I'm just in bed rn lmao
I can't believe they cheated :(
I saw the mario movie ;ast night
I'm gonna see it again tomorrow
Chris Prat did a pretty good job tbh
Yeah, I didn't think it possible for Pallos to like anything else
Yeah he definitely got the short end of the stick in the trailers
But being real, the movie is just a fun time.
I don't think you're supposed to be up there phantom
Those were some cool glitched textures
I haven't seen anyone speak poorly of it, hoping to go Sunday night
You gonna wait for it to come to streaming services
can you add it to slots?
The only bad reviews I've seen are from critics. Which ranged from "You can tell this movie is made for children" or "The plot is basic". Like no shit lmao
Im  not mentally ready to accept that the fnaf movie is real
Bro he is swinging so fast wtf
Now we need to punt Vaati 3 into the sun
im here just in time for the good stuff
just a small 9 minutes PB KEKW
So you upload on the glitchless category and say all glitches were intended skips
Yea I def think I'm just dropping bedman already until they get buffed
Playing more MU's this character is misery against a good 70% of the relevant characters
yo is there actual music rando now
why tf is easter not a federal holiday I want my fucking time and a half
I gotta work the whole ass day I want my money
im seeing goombario in this rando and liking it
I think there was something with the music shuffle from what I read
Looks like this is the chaos timeline.
Will it be a deminishing experience
damn, I was about to roll a seed but honestly id rather watch this
Tbf I saw that particular crash for the first time
You just paused, unpaused and it crashed?
I will wait on music shuffle then
thats so sad, I was excited for music shuffle
It mostly worked fine for Jcog but that was before the music fix I guess
Maybe I'll actually play WW today cause ig I'm no longer going anywhere
You just stole all his life savings
He can't pay the mortgage now he's gonna lose the house
this seed wants you to choose violence; keeps giving you swords n' explosives
capcom released a mr famous word search, I printed it out and gonna do it now LUL
Its got words like Bass Chaud Netbattle... oh and you cant forget YAI!!
Well we know youre not getting a sword upgrade for a while lol
YO!! its evven got Meddy KEKW
If you get 4 sword before something like cane or fist jar Id tell this seed to go home
@axl_sr you read the manga epilogue?
I found Name... nevermind its iceman backwards LUL
Wait a minute I was doing stuff, you actually have the four sword already what even NiceSoftlock
Oh at least you can change the clones lmao
I found ANAL... oh that supposed to be LAN
lmao, ROLL is in the word search twice
phantom, your everdrive is the N64 X5?
I am so glad you never will lose your mail again and get it before anyone else LUL
This DHC is so peaceful, I dont understand why theyre so concerned phanto274Jam
Music shuffle looks like its fixed on the X7 already, dang that was quick
Oh yeah, at least it will work next time though hopefully maybe probably
was tabbed out, what'd you get?
Why did you kidnap the postman
D: oh no he got smushed
@FatPidgeyBirb Link's helping him with his deliveries
HE JUST WALKS ON WATER THIS IS SO FUNNY
Yup, how early could you have gotten cane then?
I like how the mailman is just vibing with you
Mailman's getting his fuckin WORTH in overtime today. He mad vibin'
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your run, I hope you're having a good day phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
It's crazy how those boulders don't knock link down, he's tough af
who the other races? think 1 is myth right
my head is a little bit weird right now but I'm gonna lurk paperLurk
ps: covid sucks, it makes weird shit
I did a 120 star and bowser fight
hearing two music tracks atst is very weird lol
this song and jr troopa fight
what is this a pape rando FishSTEER
it didnt crash when pausing on my X5 later last night
I did 120 and was fine fighting bowser, I turned on letters to help spread out the checks
wonder if/when we will get first vanilla music
Laki had my last star lol
Goomba Village is now Yoshi Village. They took over. LUL
I've never heard the song for that long. LUL
I did a league race yesterday and was exactly 2 minutes over my PB, so close
Both flying koopas were in blocks
This music is perfect for Jr Troopa
Well, on the bright side, the XP though
.25 / 5 difficulty... got it
General Guy is celebrating your Level Up
Oh like they did in oot?
Was that all new patches this release?
Is there a power star counter in the menu or smth?
I still wish for a item skin rando where the visual is different from the actual item
Oh this is the partner music
hit the block for 9 hours to crash the game
This song is very cool tho
I forget the JP version is differnt
Water Stone in the desert. Makes sense since it's pretty close to the Oasis
Is this a new rando setting or something?
how many are you going for
Wait so if you get 30 you can beat the game?
i watched jaye do a few seeds of this last night, he did a one star seed in 6 and a half minutes lmao
just finished my second FE Engage run
gonna do the DLC story as a part of a third run
Also just as a vote I'm doing: Doing you think the new partner song from JP (this one playing now) of the Internation one?
i need to get back to that lol
cuz the story came out rly late into my second
Wait you can randomide dungeons too?
and I wanted to give the stuff you get from that their own time to shine
Damn I really need to get back into rando
i think i dropped off at like chapter 18 lmao
Cuz I likely WILL play it again
I have a FE addiction send help
who are your favorite characters in Engage?
so i can judge you harshly i mean what
Well, I've "romanced" Vander and Zelkov
but I also rly like Veyle
I also have to get back into PM64, been playing too much TTYD lately
honestly, I dig the whole cast
Oh are you on hammerless start?
he kicked ASS on my second run
Damn good luck actually finding a hammer
I liked Goldmary more than I expected
i'm a big fan of Rosado and Panette
Almost an hour and no hammer :(
we just start listing off every character lol
i mean those are my top 3
The Fuzzies are just playing in the village
in the manga etie is FUCKING RIPPED
Can't you not do the Fuzzy minigame with Bombette?
Her muscles are shown ingame by her massive Strength stat
also i'm a bit biased since i am a fan of female characters with deeper voices cause it makes me feel better about my own voice lol
I did a 120 power star rando last night, kind of a mistake
he's so different from what you expect
i'm liking this room so far
but I did get like 90 stars in about 3 ish hours
My league race was... too slow
i like panette cause she acts all prim and proper but that's to cover up the BARBARIAN RAGE DESTROY EVERYTHING
engage is just refreshing because it really feels like the GBA ones
sure the characters are a bit more one dimensional but i liked that lol
I turned on music shuffle via custom cosmetics, distracted me more than I expected
more importantly it has some hilariously over the top crit animations. that's what i love
I appreciate having both TH and Engage existing
TH for more serious stories, while Engage is cheesy fun
music shuffle throws me so hard because i got very used to knowing what's going on by sound alone
Very fitting song you can hear here
it's a lullaby because this is the last sleep these enemies will ever have
engage really goes back to the "don't take it too seriously" style of the GBA ones, like FE7 with the "disguises" that wouldn't fool anyone
@Mirby_Studios and like those games, it still has serious moments
Oh and now this song damn
"we need disguises!" *puts on cloaks that don't even cover them fully" PERFECT
what an awful thing to randomize lmao
Ooo, I like the color of the amazy dayzees
but i've pieced it together so far i think lol
also i spoiled myself so yeah lmao
I kinda wanna do an Alear cosplay
You could say it's, "dead weight"
Also it's interesting to see how they handled the music in this game, putting the level up tune and the battle beaten songs in the same thing
the weight will now forever be left waiting
Oh you can also skip cutscenes now?
Like I said, I REALLY need to get back into PM64 Rando
Are we getting 120 power stars?
Also doesn't water staircase skil exist?
That would skip all of the keys lmao
I guess you can get a lot with one key and staircase skip
queso-dee-ah, gordia, and 4 tacos lol
I wouldn't cause what if they get replaced with Attack FX C
btw i cant hear if you said, im at work lol
I mean it is mysterious... I guess...
Also another random music lol moment
How are you feeling abut the Power Star mode?
how many power stars are needed
I can't believe we don't need it anymore
Poor Yoshis, never gonna be saved
Do you plan on defeating Bowser or no?
my star stone was 60 star pieces so between that and the 120 stars KEKW
did the penguin get huge after that axl :P
How could you not change it
I feel like there's a specific sweetspot where you want to include ch8, too few stars means you're underpowered, too many and you're probably just ready to be done
Yo green and black Tubba Blubba
Also you can get that with Parakarry I think
welp, looks like I'm not racing tonight now Sadge
Also WHY is that now the Game Over song lol
I mean I know why but like
Guess that's what happens when trying to do stuff around Easter but just sucks cause I've missed racing
Also I've never seen this actually done lol
I saw like a TAS version which was just "oh, you're in there now"
Like I know the trick though
Good it's only used in RAC, and not Any% as well
Wait not to beat Chapter 5?
@amishman19 Oh that's why. COME ON
So what's the WR now? I haven't been keeping track lmao
bn3 has this thing that, the more you know, the more you have fun with it, cause you already know what you are going to be forced to do, so you prepare for it. Playing it casually for the 1st time is kinda ass tho. Know no secrets, burn your chips, navicust is garbage (as in, organization)
Ok I really need to learn some of these strats your doing
Like how do you even learn them?
Like is there a resource to learn all the tricks that are only needed for rando?
BN3 has the worst NaviCust solely because it requires you to keep swapping parts out for scenarios
Yeah I know, I'm talking about the ones not needed for spredruns
so you can't really get used to a setup you like cause you'll probably have to drop parts to equip EnergyChange and stuff
water puzzle skip is exclusive to rando, right?
Yeah no. RAC uses like. 10 trillion glitches in the run
Haha haven't heard this song in a while
Wow Shiver City is intense now
oh there's a non Angy Twink
Wait I thought Minish Cap is a SNES game...
Yeah but you don't control either SNES nor GBA games with a N64 controller
Also why is then your input display that of a N64 controller lol
Gamecube controller makes sense I guess, because GBA player
Also that one repel gel was so special it's in a rock
It's the theme for one of the flowers
It's the one who cares about beauty a ton, I think
Also Russ T.'s house is a variation of Toad Town
maddy is having the worst heart drop luck in MC right now lol
the ENTIRE mt crenel climb without a single heart drop lmao
finally one right outside the smith's
like last possible chance for an enemy to drop one on the climb lmao
Oh from what I understand they're making a Nike movie
i feel like you're more likely to get a fairy than a heart as a drop in MC
that doesn't help on mt crenel tho lmao
i'm still laughing at that softlock you found in cave of flames
Fun fact: Fuzzipede has a heal too, 4HP heal after 7 down
Or rather when he has 7HP left
Wait he can do thunder too?
did you set that to no star required or is that a default?
I did all 7 cause why not LUL
okay so the power starrs open 8 and not the spirits
Did you check the item in the library?
Oh going twoth Mega Rush strats?
Damn autocorrect really messed up that one
gtg, it's getting really late where I am. Good luck
Not my brain thinking you had reset before p2
i have no idea how to run a poll
70 makes sense but I like to be different Kappa
But yeah, Power Star rando is pretty cool
Thank god, last time I heard random pitch it broke my brain
I still got PTSD from the last time you "altered" the music.
Why is the sun sad about a happy ending?
Headcanon: The Sun wanted to be with Peach
Could be for WR for even more LUL
As long as you don't change categories, you'll be fine :)
I think we just found the new Paper Mario storyline Kappa
Hurry type something in, its urgent!
So you find 70 power stars, you win. EZ Kappa
Hey you can do Prologue stuff now YEP
they did say there are 3 songs that arent in vanilla
dont play in vaniila, you know what i mean
70 Star Pape Rando mashup speedrun
I like how they added power star settings  like OOTs gold skull token requirements as a setting
how many did you gen this seed?
That bomb reverberate sounds so weird with this theme
It will go to General Guys theme on of the loops surely NotLikeThis
having seen the Mario Bros movie twice; yeah, it's mid
outside the fanservice, there ain't no substance
I mean that's what illumination is
so you saying wait for someone upload it to youtube then watch it okay Analyze
I enjoyed it for what it was. I'm hoping the sequel is better.
70 Star Speedrun in paper mario rando?
I made a mistake turning trails on again
I need to play WW but the game hooked me again lol
@RavenFP never a mistake to play trails
Do a BLJ and invalidate your run
get fucked by building up too speed doing BLJs during a pivotal moment in the race
other day icebound hanging out in VC, apparently the power star is in the game but it wasnt documented anywhere. [I use the term slots loosely cause I dont remember the actual term] but there were 128 empty slots so they made it 120 stars.
why is sushi piss flavored orange188Noted
the jungle doesn't have clean water i guess
There's no toilet on yoshi island
And Suhi took one for the team
OHH I see what you mean by 70 star
why do you hammer the items
yeah but sometimes you dont yet you still do it
So.. I assume you need the Star Spirits and Power Stars?
I appreciate the team for making the panels easier to see. Really helps us dog folks who can't see shit.
Fucker deserved to be in the dirt
Okay im finally off work, now I can come hang out phanto274BLANKIES how's the seed going?
@animejessica collecting 70 stars in papermario FAST
You said hi Jessica as soon as I clicked into rge stream and I was like fifiMonka for a second lmao
i hate the fact that you cant technically beat the game
cause defeating bowser just takes you back a savepoint
Alright, you're on good pace. Make sure you hit the BLJ on the stairs in Peach's Castle.
But this is a new category though. Kappa
It must be nice to have a ghost robot.
So do Power Stars replace the item?
Do you know what the stars do yet?
Now what's a Bow doing in the desert?
What's he doing in the sewers though?
@ScrambledDragons giving baby gators they gifts
Also, 3 Power Stars for 30 coins each!? Reminds me of a certain Tanuki at Delfino who was hoarding shine sprites.
It's nice to hear more of this song, we never hear enough of it lol
What tragedy unfolded to have the dark lord in your pocket this time? mister206Gombidious
you just need to censor his name and turn him into Voldemort next in chat Kappa
You just have a nice Goomba friend in your pocket
its like music shuffle is coupled in a way to make sense LUL
i just hit enough points to give you a rando seed
this would require me to not be lazy and do more randos tho so i can send you one lol
tfw you wanna spend points on Crystal rando, but said rando hates Phantom w/ a passion
see the battle theme is playing in the sewers because you're in a battle with your nose to not gag at the smell of the sewers
legit one of my favorite things to do is come up reasons for randomized things being random
It's so peaceful in Boo's Mansion
wait heck we fucked up phantom
we didn't make this a 69 star speedrun
We'll do it next time. Kappa
We need a 420 star seed Kappa
So basically every item in the game is a power star @Trevbonk  LUL
you also have to hit max level because leveling also gets you a star
Should Star Pieces have to chance to turn into power stars if you have enough pieces?
the game didn't sound too excited about it tho
GG, where does that put you on the 70-star leaderboards? Kappa
No Bowser required. I guess he can keep Peach. Kappa
as 70 star WR attempts KEKW
Lemme bum your couch. I'll cook, clean, run errands and pay rent.
We got cornbread, greens, fish (swai) plus mac n' cheese
basically, the [ EXPLETIVE ] Folk Special
@boulders do it it'll be funny
it was so close to being funny
water drops are less funny than boulders
hope you have better heart drops than maddy did
Are you clicking b that fast or are turbo buttons allowed? I've bever seen a minish cap speedrun before
That makes more sense, index mashing is a lot faster for me too
Is it okay if I ask a ton of questions about the run?
Why did you restart after entering the town?
Is it possible to skip the section where you get the 5 kinstones before the palace of winds?
I'm actually finishing up my first playthrough of the game rn on my switch, I'm on the second phase of the vaati fight
It is, I have no clue what to do but I've already used Zelda Dungeon like 5 times during my playthrough and don't want to feel like I'm cheating lol
Yeah, I noticed that, I just need to figure out which item to use
I noticed that a lot of the game has you use many of the items you've collected
I just figured it out and audibly said aha lmao
I thought it was kinda easy
I liked having to use the gust jar, it was a cool puzzle
tbh minish cap is my favorite zelda game, I've been playing it since I was little but this is the first time I've sat down to play past the earth element
I used to be huge into speedrunning Mario 64 and odyssey lol
I look up from the boss for one second and see you break the laws of physics
What do you play on? Gamecube?
I'm assuming it's counted as a "trick" instead of a glitch for glitchless?
It took me a good few minutes to figure out what to do, I tried using the wand when his hand was swinging at me
It was the first thing I tried lmao
In general or just in a speedrunning perspective?
I didn't hear you say in a speedrunning perspective lol, I thought you just said it's better than paper mario
Damn, idk what else to play for the rest of the day now that I've beaten it LUL
Hey Phantom, gl! Hope the minish cap has been going well so far
You love to see it phanto274Smile
they say THESE ARE COMING EVENTUALLY
and then we don't know until a week before release
like we knew stadium and stadium 2 are coming but we didn't know when and the first we really heard more about it was last week when they finally gave a release date for stadium 1
where tf is Mario Party 3
3's the best Mario Party on N64, imo
Mario Party 1 is responsible for one of THE biggest arguments between me and some mates
I think I'll install some breath of the wild mods
Party 2 is kinda a refined version of 1
i need to get back to second wind but i'm waiting for them to release the new installer for it that's more stable
i played a lot of 2 and 7 as a kid
I'm still bummed that Superstars didn't get any DLC
i don't think i ever played 6
bought Golf, didn't get into it
played the demo of Strikers and was VERY much not feeling it
how TF y'all not gonna have DAISY day 1 in a spinoff
it's a crime if her or Waluigi are absent from a spinoff
if y'all ain't gonna use 'em for a main game, then they better be in every spinoff
In Waluigi's case, he literally was lol
Only because Wario needed a partner
the only Mario game Daisy's playable in is Super Mario Run
If there was something like Super Strikers, I'd like it, I grew up with that game
Baseball's cool bc you have characters that have no business being playable
with the track record of Mario Gold and Strikers, I've low expectations for a Mario Baseball game
IIRC colored Yoshis and Shy Guys were among the large cast
honestly, I'm shocked they didn't throw Toadette in the Switch port of 3D World
YEP characters with no business being playable
her model was right there, in Mario Maker
I would be cool if it was a similar number but updated to the characters that are actually in modern games
that's why I have low hopes for the new Budokai Tenkaichi
you are NOT having those massive rosters from the PS2 era
not in this day and age of game development
i played alot of budokai 1 and 3 as a kid
that's saying something, considering it's any%
gl with the rest of the run; going to help with dinner
So my switch's touchscreen has been broken for over three years now, I just accidentally clicked something and found out it randomly started working again lmaoo
what is it that makes magic boomerang fast in this and not gless
i always hated getting into here casually
the big buggers are always annoying
...I thought Toc's cape broke the game lol
smh my head i can't believe it took you 90 minutes to get to the opening cutscene
If at first you dont succeed, roll roll again
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your run, even though you're almost done lol phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
You've got this get the pb
So is that a new pb? Idk how to read your splits lol
That's what I figured, but I wasn't entirely sure lol
tbf that is a pretty big pb, 3 whole minutes
stick around, we'll be right back!
Oh wait it says it on the bottom lol
Zelda is like barely a part of this game normally lol
That was helpful, I want to suggest more songs but also I need to let it breathe lol
pretty weird for a titular character
pink Ezlo looks like a flaminco
time save for next run COPIUM
i've been derusting mmz again but i might learn another zelda game some time this year
was thinking probably wind waker sd
any% no mss looks cool and fun
tp any% also looks cool tbh
the start of the run looks really stupid lmao
well that opens a few checks
The fact that Zelda is still with you is hilarious
cow was the best 1 LUL
i remember when maddi found you commands and was spamming no stop LUL
Why does it say select on some of the items?
yo i wanted to ask real quick, do you know what skin you're using for your input display
hows this seed been? I dont know how to tell if its good or bad lol
yeah there's like nothing specifically for gc skins that use a gba layout without looking awful lmao
Wow a library book, what a helpful item
i'm baffled there's displays that show a whole ass gba but not just the buttons lmao
gba games not popular for speed SadgeCry
i used to use nintendospy but it didn't let me add some delay to the inputs on stream so i switched
How does she shrink down when you go into holes? Does she have a handheld minish portal?
do I need to re-watch the vod
just Phantom telling us about a roast he made
hit me, I can take it
I'm using a breath of the wild mod that lets you have your fists as a weapon, and the animation is so janky because it's just an invisible single hand weapon
Something about this song playing while you have to repeatedly smack a golden enemy to kill it KEKW
I do prefer women who are taller than me
so yeah, I cannot refute that roast
I mean i guess its a fair price lol
Good thing you got that heart back after though
I know why my weapon is my fist now. I'm not allowed to pick up weapons.
one this worth knowing, if you skip ch 8, last stand and power rush isnt generated
I wonder what this game would be like with a randomized map
almost nothing then a TINGLE TROPHY!!!
This culls chapter 8 from the world graph used by the generator, and said world graph is used to generate the base item pool via vanilla items of graph nodes. ~Icebound
Link is a healthy boi this time
i never realized mt crenel was overflowing with mountain dew...gross
He was just confused, it wasn't boots he was making it was a cane
Easy thing to mess up a cane and a pair of boots YEP
the curse didn't get fully expelled KEKW
I think I'm gonna go to bed now, have a good night!
There is only one thing you cant make a mistake on spelling and thats Goombario sucks Kappa
Maybe I do need to go back to school
Just checking in on random streams before I get ready to stream myself
I was thinking of doing Minish Cap for the first time
I've heard it's a great game
My 2D favorite Zelda is Link's Awakening
But who knows, maybe that'll change with Minish Cap
I'd love to get into speedrunning Link's Awakening, but I dunno where to start with speedrunning lol
I remember hearing "Go mode" with this game and Pape randos what does it mean?
Alright, I'll do that after I get done streaming :)
That'd be awesome, I'd love to see more people play Link's Awakening
If you didnt see the previous message, what is go mode?
But like does Go Mode mean like Good to go for bosses
She was in bed with you..........
should make a Streets of Rage-type "GO!" emote
I have all of my slots, I just only have 3 emoteS LMAO
I only have 3 emotes lol
you said a go mode emote
Remember when I ran punch out wii, yeah me neither.
Dude turned into a Kirby final boss
Alright well, this was fun, I'm gonna go stream some MC myself
Oh and also if I id get back onto running I would do not punch out wii
Oh, that's why PayPal notified me about losing $12
guess I should turn my computer back on
did you spent that money yet
Wario says "H-H-H-HURRY UP" when you're hogging the blunt
in addition to the height joke
I told him my household was having the " [ EXPLETIVE ] folk special "
I'm not even supposed to be here!
aka, cornbread, fish, man n' cheese plus greens
and Phantom said: "well, I wasn't gonna comment on that, but yeah"
tho he did inquire about why I wasn't cooking cornbread at his house
every corn I've had that isn't Jiffy is mid in comparison
I saw and heard the Wario
you can worry about OBS once you've moved house
I also definitely canceled my recurring sub, but I have 4 more months lol
I'unno what it says that I'm not subbed to MVD, but I've made a point to stay subbed to you
we're doing 4SA runs on my channel phanto274Smile
even if it's a tier 1
you don't play Smash anymore, of course you're cooler
I only have one gba->gc cable and system though
I've 2 GBA SPs lying around
imagine PB'ing after not streaming / practicing for how long ? ? ?
if I DQ at ComboBreaker, I won't be surprised
Myth just gave me the sub-2 role lol
yeah, the state of Ultimate REALLY makes me not wanna play
and honestly, I never cared that much in the first place
I can't really say I've had goals
Hi. I want to offer promotion of your channel, viewers, followers, views, chat bots. The price is lower than any competitor, the quality is guaranteed to be the best. Auto-on. Incredibly flexible and convenient order management panel, everything is in your hands, turn it on/off/customize. Go to dogehype dot com
I've always just entered bracket just to see how far I could get
and usually, it's top 8 or just below
I've fond memories of high when my mates and I ran KOF every weekend
yeah, after how much shit you talked about them, I hate them too
im surprised that bot haven't been banned yet
It's just, a bunch of assholes who think they're hot-shit when they're not and they make an unwelcoming environment
then they ponder why no one wants to show up after they're driven people away
I've come to the conclusion, "if you think Lucina's boring, chance's are your Marth's just as lame, if not worse"
I don't hyping up one over the other, he says as he REGULARLY shit talks the FUCK outta Marth
maybe I'm just baffled / bitter that marth stans try to talk down Lucina's strengths / successes to hype that man up
I was watching a clip where Nago ToD'd Millia off one mistake she made
i think the video was called "watch this every time you think about picking up Millia'
I heard similar shit about Nago vs Axl
Axl has to scratch Nago to death, but Nago just MURDERS Axl once he gets a hit
yeah, I speaking based off old data / info
ngl, gold burst might be my fav mechanic in a fg
gimme mete in exchange for burning my get-outta-jail-free(?) option
being point in XV Party Mode had me fighting my demons to NOT spend meter
I winded up spending bar cuz one game I swept an entire team, so I said "fuck it"
XIII's getting rollback, but FUCK XIII
I tried to like XIII, but every time I've played XIII I was fighting inputs / controls more than I was fighting my opponent
for XIII, which Iori did you play/
i didn't hear the first time because i was focusing on tetris, who tf is this?
I get why Iori's moveset changed, but I'unno why they made Kyo go back to his 94-95 moveset
well idk who i even am so that makes two
ESPECIALLY since Kyo swapped to his rekkas cuz Goenitz beat his ASS when they 1st met
wrong, ie, he should be better
Rugal and Goenitz better have a special intro
"Didn't you die?" "....didn't you?" "Touche."
Considering Rugal's eye was ripped out by Goenitz, I'd HOPE they have a special intro
okay, I've work in the morning, so lurking
Yeah you got the pronunciation right lol and I saw the clock up and said "ooo speedrun go watch" so we're here LUL
How was your Easter btw? I spent mine playing Donkey Kong for Gameboy
I want to learn manual superswimming so bad even though I don't do the run
Ooooh i just saw this category is without
what marathon are you going to be in?
do the FE Conquest fun once you move house
I've been waiting, YEARS for that
i looked away and was so confused when i looked back to see the gamepad screen LUL
@buff00n Did someone say FE CONQUEST?!?!?!
it's fun to me that you n' Phantom both run Zelda, and run a Zelda that share the same design for Link
I cannot type could alcohol and weed
@RavenFP If you were to stream a fe conquest playthrough start to finish I would not sleep
Me losing the Twitch sub button after I encounter Camilla in-game
acting like you're not gonna rant more than me
all the siblings are the best units
true, but you don't get "THAT" Camilla cutscene in Conquest
PLay it every time you deploy her
god, no boomerang is so fuckin scuffed
if she wasn't the lead's sister, she'd be perfect
ok i gotta get to bed for work, hope you have a good rest of stream! jaxnosWave
just yolo it you be fine
Makar reminded me to get the Ezlo "E" sound effect, idk why
just added it for 10 bits
I had another one up, and then alberto killed his run and ended stream runera3Mad
so I MIGHT have dropped a LOT of music in the suggestion tab of Phantom's discrod
Musky Man is going to just leave Twitter eventually, there's no way people are just going to continue putting up with his shit when he makes everyone block him
Although the people who do ride his d will continue to support him eventually it'll get ridiculous
I, Too, Was Playing A Zelda Game
And You're The Best Streamer I Found To Raid LUL
I've Done Speedruns Before, I Get It. Need To Focus On The Game For Many Reasons
I Need To Watch More Speedruns. I Don't Watch Enough
Especially Ones In Games I'm Not An Expert In
Because You Can Only Watch So Many Runs Of A Game You Run Before You Go Crazy
And Then You Watch A Game You Know Almost Nothing About And It's Really Interesting
Like Watching You Do All These Tricks And Glitches
Okay Now I Want To Draw A Pikachu Having A Little Snack
Everyone is pointing swords at me demanding my opinion on something HELP
Hehe Ima Use Fat Pikachu As A Reference Image
It's Reset Time baby! StinkyCheese 7! Nothing we do matters, no timesave is good enough, and our run is very dead.
dude youre in de frickinggreen what are you complaining about. its a shame eery time i watch you its no fun because its all negative... im sorry but this is an unfollow. if you dont like the game stop playing...
Oh Wait No I'm Not Lmao
How Can I Send You The Pikachu
When I Vist A Japanese Stream
my next one will be 140
Yooo Phantom! Good luck on seed 200! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Bless
I can't begin to imagine the chaos this is going to be.
What are the settings for today
I finally got to the good funsubs of rockmanexe stream
Wait is music rando finally out?
its been out since thursday kitten
120 just begs to be 100%ed
I was with family over the weekend I didnt know :skull:
POGGERS! I made it at the start phanto274Smile
Wait, Ive been gone for a while, Stars?
NO GOOMBA KING? God Ive missed a lot
Ch8 off removes Last Stand and Power Rush from the pool just fyi
Why did jr troopa get annoying ass flower song
I love the congrats music for dying
Mario should die like sonic did
There isn't one in that room, is there?
I'm pretty sure Jr only appears in that one room
Oh right you have Supers right now
It's... probably fine to wait until you have Super Hammer
20 HP in the first 10 minutes, huh
can confirm it doesnt work with power quake
I haven't really played with synergy, it seems like it might make hammer slightly more worth
Not great with jump-based setups unless you're running Power/Mega Jump
I think Quake badges still count toward synergy, they just don't get boosted by it
I had 3 hammer equiped just to try it, it does work with d down pound at least
Especially not in a seed like this where you have Super Boots before hammer
have you tried this mode before?
I did 120 on saturday, its was so much fun
My last league race had very late Ultra Hammer before Super Boots and bad badges so Hammer saw a bit of use
I have an ominous feeling about this desert too Axl LUL
You don't actually get to hear this song for very long in the actual game since you just skip past the cutscene as fast as possible
good luck finding dead body in the desert LUL
@axl_sr its the body of mister206Gombidious hopefully
Theres just something that really irks me about hearing the game over music when you win a battle LUL
what does the power star do?
The murder mystery thickens with warehouse key
Splash was helping me with history work
what does the power stars do?
think of it like golden bananas except they dont unlock new areas
This music actually kinda fit if the town was like a little more ominous and/or haunted
Are you doing where if you get 120 stars the game ends or are you also doing bowser
but you still need to clear chapters cause star could be behind koot
Did you start with 20 HP?
im wondering if 120 just makes this like a 100% checks run
Moustaffa is going to attack you
Koot/Rowf is still enough to justify beating most chapters with 120 required
Rowf is only 4 chapter clears tho
do you have all the new foliage memorized?
I just joined to see if you ad just messed up the stream title and then Toy Train music plays during battle
Can also depend on the settings, turning off Rowf and Koot and setting some number of unrequired stars can theoretically allow full pacifist seeds
im so paranoid about the new foliage checks im even hitting trees that i know have nothing
I did a co-op with rigby and paperario and missed super hammer in oasis due to new foliage
Is Bombette or Spin Jump faster here?
This is pure pain to watch LUL
if only you had to do 100
At least Spin Jump counts as 2 hits
Kind of agree, also personally not a fan of panels
Most other things are fine if you don't mind the chaos
so what have the 120 stars taken the place of? The random coins?
i havent rolled any like that yet
nvm, as I can clearly see that is not the case
Any consumables, I think coins might be included but item pool is greatly reduced with 120 stars
and is the end goal still beat Final?
you can fight bowser or skip it
I really enjoyed my 60 star piece 120 star 7 star spirit seed. Felt like I was playing a collect-a-thon
Stars replace most of your useful items and you're at a lower level bc you do less fights
boy this boss music really gets the blood pumping
Maybe I could try a 7 Power Stars seed at some point to see what Star Spirits shuffled into the pool would play like
At least you can always cook Life Shrooms, good chance you'd have to do that later anyway
Having to cook Life Shrooms in a non-allsanity seed would be painful though
look like i miss 1 hell of a start
Win music because this battle is already over
I didn't know the JP only party member theme was still in the US version of the game
Wow Japan only glitch more like
oh they finally patched it in
o-o what is going on here
you phase through the Fire Flower huh
are these public changes to the rando or not yet?
is this also uhhh, dungeon randomizer too?
i think you'd get a kick out of the first seed i ran last night
This is some good encounter music lmfao
Congrats on the big 200, here's to another 120 runs
I thought the title was a joke at first, but there's stars in rando now?
Turn it into a rick roll
I thought the same thing Bulbasaur lol
Yeah, I thought I saw stars in the shop and then I was like oh that makes sense lol
would have been an amazing April Fools prank xD
Which is nice because it's a good song
Phantom with the master title bait
You don't like it because you're a speedrunner
Wait isnt there supposed to be more to this song
Would it be possible to inject N64 tracks from other games and randomize them in Paper Mario?
how many star do you have now?
Posie with gk music is so fucking funny
I mean ZOOTR has a custom music import system
just bring me back to my .midi
Pape is my favorite N64 game by a wide margin. I am kinda surprised it's not more popular
Released at the very end of the n64s lifespan, its not surprising
it was also late in the lifecycle
kind of like Etrian Odyssey 5 and Nexus for 3DS
Its also just hard to sell people on jrpgs in general
I got my N64 in like 2002 and Pape was still in stores then so I got it
And its a turn based game that isnt pokemon
JRPG was my favorite genre as a kid, after that it was platformer
it's just like streaming on twitch, then. Nobody wants to watch RPGs
wow taking th ewords outta my mouth
FF was still popular, just moved off Nintendo
4 onwards its not really turn based
Makes me think about how Earthbound fans blamed Earthbound's failure back in the day on it's marketing
ATB was a great solution given the resources available
Might also be a little bit of a JP/US thing
which game are these 120 star sprites from?
that's crazy to think it's an unused sprite lol
just trying to think what it could have been used for? Like sub for the star pieces?
could have just been an item that gives you invincibility for a turn or two and maybe a power boost
Wait i forgot how epic this sounded
Was this song used in the game?
yeah at the very end iirc
I was thinking maybe like super Mario rpg gives you the invincibility to kill mobs for xp
I knew ending at hands up was not the move
guess it time for a full clear
Koopa bros are there watching you
This song would get me to look forward to playing ch1
The vanilla song for koopa bros fortress is like the only really bad song in the game tbh
Also like ch6 music but that ones more divisive lol
Bot confirms luigis mansion exists in pokemon
i didn't realize how many pape songs i just didn't want to hear for a long time until this music rando hit
extra taunting for getting first struck
gl, off to costco to refill the freezer
What does AOE actually stand for? I know what it is, but not the term
I was thinking All Over (blank)
Did you know some Pokemon can steal HP from other Pokemon with moves like Absorb and Mega Drain? I wonder if it tastes different depending on the species of Pokemon they steal it from? Cheer100
The music when the koopa bros came out
@morpheus080 Yo the koopa bros are queer? good for them
I just realized level up music is from mario 3
This is some funky-looking 120-star WR attempts
Im laughing really hard at the 69 star points and your response being worth
I'm pretty sure it just transitioned from "murder in progress" to "mayor wakes up" when the battle started
axl, that's exactly the kind of thing an expert in pokemon biology studies
I think the train music is a good remix that doesn't play often enough because you skip the cutscene all the time
For some reason i was expecting the card get music to not be randomized
That earlier joke could be the alert for 69 bits
i just got t5 shield and then still got triple shield
i didn't even know this was a pattern in safe
i guess 5+8+11 makes sense since this is usually a 10-12 turn fight but jeez lol
i'm not sure this variation is even in the route doc
But the silver credit gives you VIP status Kappa
can never have enough star pieces
This music means Toad town is very shady and sus Kappa
none of this music makes sense LUL
i kinda like it though, its so chaotic
it appeals to my inner chaotic neutral KEKW
its not rosie, its the koopa bros in disguise
Rosie is secretly there to sabotage the run Kappa
Its like I knew Rosie is there to sabotage the run Kappa
Game Over you won the fight
Is this minimal traps then? I have not seen many
Its the music before you fight huff when you talk to him
I think it's funny the forest still had all of its background noises even with the music change
Oh no! The Yoshi kids are lost!
How soon can you do event toad?
Time to go pick up Watt or Kooper
do you have to beat Bowser after getting 120
70 is enough to beat bowser, right?
Dear Mario You are formally invited to my party inside Dry Dry Ruins. There will be also be a cake baked by me as well. Kappa
didn't know that was an option
its amazing how ultra boots breaks ruins LUL
Are the stars in designated locations or random as well?
I love how Peach remodeled her castle into Dry Dry ruins LUL
Did you check this tree yet?
This Toad House is only rated 3 stars?
Regularly scheduled Sailing through the Great Sea with Sushie
my clip of evil roll stepping on megaman in the anime is the 40th most viewed clip on capcoms twitch account LMFAO
Alternatively: you must be at least this old to accompany Mario
glad to see 2.5K people agree with me
yeah, I shared thatt in komari's discord
You just cant plan for moments like that no matter how hard you try LUL
Time to... not kill any plants YEP
why'd she dump you BACK in the volcano
Did you already pick up the Castle Key with Sushie?
That's a bit of a gamble but ok
Can power stars be in chapter 8?
I assume all those icons represent settings, at least
If badge synergy takes one power away from the second hit it's even more pointless, lol
Oh wow, they added Triforce Hunt, nice
This is 120 star WR attempts?
Back to this cursed land of the desert with the murder that can never be solved Sadge
just turned on my comp, the gba input display is good Hypee
The good news is that we found over half the star pieces LUL
Hell of a fruit you got there Bot
Oh my goodness! Its quick change
hard to tell if gourmet guy was orange??
Why have you been out there kooper? How many spheres was this? LUL
make the flower music stopppp kagistCry
Remember chat! Toy box is always loaded as we seen this seed with 2 hammers LUL
What happened to you Lantern ghost? Why did you piss yourself? LUL
is star haven part of chapter 8?
You're a braver man than I. I haven't even completed 64 star rando yet
i like that luigi is waluigi lol
I wonder what the mushroom monarchy's effective tax rate is
now to save the yoshis kappa
How's the seed been treating you for the past hour?
120 star pape?!? What is this wizard power phanto274Thonk
How much of the sanities have you done?
And how many stars do you have left again?
Would "Which first? 120 Stars or 5 Star Spirts" be a good prediction?
I can make the option Master 3 or Red Jar turn-in then
As in, do you get 120 before one of those
You do also need 6 clears for Koot
Alright gamba's up, do we find 120 stars before turning in the Red Jar?
How many stars are found right now?
Hmmm do I go all 18k on something?
Preds are in, 3 people on each side but more money on Red Jar
Why doesn't she have her own music? :/
Whoa, it's a star above the clouds!
i was low-key shocked it wasnt taken, figured everything ever that doesnt involve underscores or numbers was gone by now
time to fight the sun 
need a bullshit romhack to have sun as a boss already
yesterday my game over music was the jingle when peach gets thrown back into her room
You need how many, you said?
buff00n is flabberghasted by my demonic fish because he hasn't paid attention to anything I've done in chats for the past week ig
I use BTTV so all those FFZ effects are just text for me
FFZ is just the best of the 3
And it's like not even close
I'm here to abuse petty authority and nothing else
what do you want from me
raven can you make ezekiel bounce for me
Please end this fight I cannot take this song
oh there's a few newer ones, neat
I wasn't gonna timeout but ok buff00n
and I haven't bullied him in a while
This song dosent even loop right LMAI
It also jumped from 9 to 7
It went to 9. To 7
Yea that shit went 9 to 7
That was a bugged ass bounce
What if hes star 120 phanto274Thonk
the extra damage point drop at least makes sense because of how badge synergy works
didn't you unequiped mega rush ?
May want to speak up in bug reports in the discord...
Does he have really high defense
Shell shot was doing 6 so just 1 yea
Red Jar didn't have a star Sadge
He wants to fucking murder you
it's rare and only on master 3 but yea sometimes he'll do the triple
i think it worked that time
WE DID IT WE GOT THE COIN LETS GOOO
Just checked the VOD, looks like you spent enough turns using Repels that you only actually charged twice. You did charge twice before Master killed you and put you in peril though.
I agree, it felt like more, maybe partially bc of the reset, but only 2 counted
I'm afraid I'm going to have to miss the end of the seed Sadge
It's time for me to Bedge
just kidnap twink HahaShrugLeft HahaShrugMiddle HahaShrugRight
i like when @PhantomGamesBot is serious bc i'm like... i know you're actually silly
goombario or 120 Stars first kappa   ?
i miss it did he give you 2 power star?
pick up everything to get rid of the checks kappa
More like Immediate regret because of mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
oh wow I just noticed that you're not even ch3 complete
@kamenr1derFAIZ I love the Kamen Rider Faiz series
Who said yes foliage or you picked this?
turned out to be fooliage Sadge
remind me why 3rd star is not saved yet? sorry i zoned out
i just didn't know if 8 had power stars, makes sense they don't lol
so we ban panels instead then
bc that would have been awful to try and figure out from the spoiler log LUL
Congrats on the first SM64 run ggs
oh it skips straight to ending
i like to imagine mario gets the 120 stars and then eldstar just lets him hold the star rod for a minute before snatching it away
Especially not having a hammer for an hour
a hint system would help no ?
@KagiStreams Bowser gets to keep Peach. LUL
Cant wait to see all of this again in 100 seeds
needed drama for seed 200 i get it
Thanks for the stream, have a good night phanto274BLANKIES
Subscribe on Yuotube for instant best friend (me)
still upset with my network last night
my gravity suit and plasma were in bad spots anyways
i want to learn to make a map tracker for fusion, just cause there currently isn't one
Oh holy cow, that PB is way lower than I remember (I've also been in the hospital for a week)
GG on that 120 star run btw. Watched that while prepping for my hospital tests
It was...pretty bad. Haven't eaten or drank anything for a week. Turned out it was stress that bottled in my chest and then stomach
I forgot how joyful Zelda is in this game
DUDE it's 30 C here tomorrow in Canada propokU
its like 25c here so nice out
it's getting pretty nice here in alberta!
sun is melting away the snow almost completely
@WEEGEE666 wtf? (that's an excited wtf)
we are down to patches of snow in the shade, but who knows. It may snow again here
it can snow in August here
@ProPokeNoob Ontario? It's still below 0 overnight here
@ProPokeNoob Yeah. Southern Ontario is hitting 30 with a low of...8 or something like that?
in a city of 1.5 million, that's not information I worry about sharing lol
i don't mind sharing either lol
clearly minish cap any% is just popular in canada, phantom
Banjo Kazooie (N64) looks like it is almost exclusively a Canadian fan base
I don't know why I thought you were midwest, Wisconsin ish
that funny cuz i was born in surrey bc lmao
this song always gets me right in the feels X_X
or, which ones are you considering
switch has a lot less menuing to get sword
Maybe you'll be able to make it past fire element now?
I just finished my first stream in like 4 years, I forgot how much I enjoy it
I've also definitely learned a lot since last time, like how to keep on talking even when I don't have a chat
GO GO GO! I subbed on youtube. it's free (hint hint hint people)
(I'd sub here too if I had enough income)
Oh okay cool, I thought you had to manually update it
haha I say "can't sub" then ad comes. I hope you (as the streamer) get a decent cut of the ad revenue
I saw the schedule.... pape at 11PM hurts so much
(I'm not complaining about the ads, was just amused)
I am. they're hella short for me (canadian)
I'm glad. That is good to hear. If tolerating ads actually supports the stream, then they're def worth it
I assume viewer count makes an impact to? ie I can support the stream by leaving it on in the background when I can't watch?
if you RIP run, blame it on me then
Am I the only one that didn't know you could get water from the bridge
lmao I had to look up what to do, I was stuck at that part for like 3 days
What item did you just get? I didn't see
Just remember to never PB by too much. Thats the secret to having good runs Kappa
and so link's journey ends as it began
lets just pretend that the run died to tektite trolling you in castor again and this is perfectly fine Kappa
maddy is now on BOOK QUEST
with maddy's sense of direction... yes
a direct quote from maddy opening a kinstone reward chest
"DID ONE OF THE KINSTONES JUST UNLOCK ANOTHER KINSTONE FOR ME?!?"
A completely and totally useless system that use no uses whatsoever. Welcome Kin stones LUL
I think they were thinking of adding completely useless collectibles for the sake of it like a rareware collectathon LUL
also yes maddy also heard how lewd it sounds when vaati possesses the king. hilarious.
when you're looking for good checks and you just get rupees
This is one game where rolling is the best method of traveling makes me wonder how many times Link needs to stitch his clothes and if they are perpetually muddy and dirty phanto274Smile
Cheer10 Is this noticeable enough of a bit alert? Kappa
Cheer10 I can get used to hearing this bit alert. phanto274GL with the runs
so tomorrow night i'm gonna recreate phanto274Bless
i even fixed up the little antenna things on the helment lol
Link when he forgets how to use his arms
Cheer69 I am in the mood to toss bits around. This is a nice number after all phanto274Smile
also i'm calling the cane of pacci the cane of pizza now. there's a chain called patxi's that's pronounced how i pronounce pacci
so it's now the cane of pizza
Cheer10 Ezlo does not approve of peril strats phanto274Shrug
Cheer1 to round off to 100 phanto274Smile
i can't even remember my own emote codes lmfao
I remember when it was possible to get bits from watching ads, I would usually just get 1 bit and then give it to whoever I was watching KEKW
Why did they stop doing that?
I can't believe Phantom is gonna learn Zelda 2 if I learn TMC
Because they didnt want people to have a good time Feen
i just get bits for surveys
they offered it to me YEARS ago and i got in so
Twitch doesn't like having opportunities to make money ig
i should've wished bad RNG :P
Okay, it would be the same controller I'd use if I started learning
Have you tried not taking damage to the slugs?
Oh phantom, my entire right arm is peeling off
(Just the section of my tattoo)
At least you still have a left arm
Are you sure that you arent part snake Ice? LUL
I think I'm a lizard Trev
Been having this feeling of ... flicking my tongue out
My favorite part about speedruns are just making the name a single character, I know it has a practical use, but it's still hilarious
I dont know bot but out have a good point LUL
I did donations, check in, safety
Where's GDP gonna be this year? idk if it's ever at a different place but idk where it is even if it's the same place
Phantom... no one goes to GDQ to watch the runs....
I just realized I said GDP instead of GDQ, my head is still in the econ project I finished earlier lmao
@Mirby_Studios Even if they're done unintentionally?
Phantom, you buying the MMBN collection, right?
might as well name your character f with how much the runs keep dying :P
I can really hear the enthusiasm in your voice
Could always do like Uber eats/Door Dash
There should be a Rate My Professor but for jobs
why the fuck does twitch rpg need to know how many kids i have
@feenickzlive Glassdoor is good for that!
@Jhawk___ Oh yeah, I've heard of that
I'll teach you, if you want next time you're in my area
I'm super lucky, I found a pretty easy job that I enjoy doing
My friend pays $300 for insurance (young with a prior accident) and $340 for car payment on top of gas
Im like girl take a bus
Dude you're so lucky, I wish I could just walk everywhere
Only place I can walk to is from school to work or school to home, everything is too long or unsafe
i am cackling at this one guy who thought he was entitled to a review copy of BNLC lmao
haven't seen such a bad case of main character syndrome in some time
@Mirby_Studios I really wanna see that, sounds hilarious
What's the email that Ice got?
Oh the thing I posted on twitter?
dude threw a tantrum in ShadowRockZX's tweets about his preview video coming out
and now says that someone at capcom is gonna get fired and that he's gonna sue over not getting a review code lmfao
omg the reply to that lmao
@Iceblue That's so stupid, literally just asking for free advertising
I get those emails ALL the time
Just cause y'all see a fancy checkmark on twitch, you're like, HEY BUDDY, WANNA SHOWCASE OUR GAME FOR FREE
i got a streamelements sponsorship oppotunity the other day that paid UP TO $0
Some of them are okay, but none of the games are good
I had one for 1k that wasn't Raid Shadow Legends
i would take a genshin one
I played Genshin... for like 25 hours
i have like 1500 hours in genshin
Give me a Genshin offer I'll play it
I keep getting like World of Tanks
If I'm gonna play a game with Tanks
i played it to help TGH once
I *may* take one in May if I get one, and it's over 1200 dollars
it fucking sucks it's just not a good game
Just cause I'll out of a job
I'll be out of a job*
@Mirby_Studios I understand the situation now, he didn't think that review copies were real and now he thinks that anyone is entitled to a review copy
Its hard to make good content playing a game you arent genuinely enjoying
yeah he's an idiot feenickz lmao
Even if it meant helping out a friend get like 100 bucks?
also raid just tries to capitalize on gameplay features many mobile games do, and does all of them subpar
That's also implying people know how to change their IP
what this on my pc oh look a vpn
Look some people struggle with what a PC actually is
blacktiger's gonna change their IP address without regard. you might say they'll change their IP freely
My mum legitimately believes I'm a tech wizard cuz I know how to copy/paste
oh hush that one was good ice
@buff00n Does your mom somehow manage to change her phone's language and then come to you claiming that a virus was installed?
oh boy we got the best screenshot from BNLC
same with my mom i have to google most things to fix something
my mom assumes I can fix anything electronic
"[buff00n], what's wrong with the [device]?"
@buff00n You're mom should start hiring me as her IT guy
... i'unno? You didn't describe or say what's thing's is / isn't doing. How tf should I know?
@seventyfourtg you can make an offer when you come over for CB
I won't get charged till after
I'm gonna go get dinner now, later everyone!
Will Lopez need a room? lol
Shit, idk how much room we actually lmao
the realization I can waste money @ ComboBreaker cuz we're not getting an AirBnb
My badge was comped already due to an error Kappa
Don't need to derust it tbh
I ran it in a hotfix show like a couple months ago
I don't know any of the new tech
I still remember all the tech though
I don't know the new stuff
i'm still excited and a bit nervous to be in my first hotfix type deal
I have to do credit recovery
But I have stuff to do after school
Hell today ended at 1:25 because its a Wednesday and I STILL had to stay afterschool until 4:30
Took me 20 mins to walk home
i wish that was said to me. i had a teacher once tell me that my entire personality was a behavior disorder
i never cared about school period until end of junior year
i use to skip a lot of high school when i was younger
I didnt know what I wanted to do so I just didnt give a shit
ya there were so few classes that had anything to do with stuff, i loved science and still hated a lot of my classes
But because of that I had really bad grades in freshmen and sophomore year
Which is why I have after shcool stuff
I English teacher assigned work to do over spring brake and I just didnt do any of it LMAO
yeah that's why senior year i had it set up so i had teacher's aide and library aide in the same semester, often times right after each other
and the teacher i TA'd for was chill af
half my school day senior year was often just chatting on IRC with friends via proxy lmao
cause those will be useful fer sure
Was it at least fun lol
i remember i got an A- once on my report card in a class (i think econ) with the note of "not using her full potential"
which was right. i didn't give a shit i ain't giving it my all lmfao
That sounds cool af what lolol
and you are going off for like good lol
you mean you dont want to sit through jhawk1Prologue cutscene over and over?
too much stick, not enough carrot
Not to die *chuckles in lakehouse OG*
Thats nutty, thats a really strong advantage to have this early on
GL on the peahat clip, shits spooky at first
btw the rollobite room angle retention respawns you at your last tile you touched
thats why you were spawning at the bottom
it still works from that spot, you just have the chance to pull too many times to make it fail
You can go right a bit to freeze the helmasaur
yeah that transition to skip the boss door you can't press up at all untill you roll
Myth would know better than me but Id say 8-10 sounds right
Depends on rng a bit too
Madderpillar is better the slower you try to do it
its lenient enough that you can delay a very safe amount and easily 2 cycle
Hey Phantom, you're awesome and I really appreciate our friendship. You've been great and I really enjoy your company! Your support of me means the world, and your kindness speaks volumes. Love ya orange188Love orange188Love
That can happen if you dont let go of up-right
holding any button direction will trigger a jump when you are recoil hit towards those ledges
you can be pressing down and it will still jump
Riki likes watching you on YouTube btw! I left you on the TV yesterday, and found him sitting in the chair watching you haha
if you roll slightly earlier, the keese knocks you right instead of up
the very first roll in the doorway, the others don't matter
MC skip is one of those things that consistently springs up, needs like 15min practice and its good for another 4 months \_()_/
I typically leave zfg on, so I think it's just the soft voices Riki likes
yes you are noticably a little late on that roll, it should still work but is way more consistent if you roll in line with the doorframe instead of inside the door
its a big window, so you are doing it in the upper section of the range that works
I'm never running that route again
everytime I switched categories in my first year I got a derust PB
all the categories just share such similar movement you don't really rust up in most of the run
yeah my new hundo route assumes knowledge of advanced route any%
peahat clip is definitely worth it, trust me
peahat clip has nothing to do with kinstones
and no you don't need kinstone manip in hundo, we farm them after ocarina
I don't know how that worked
nooooooooo i miss the peahat clip
it must have landed on one of the coin flip spots
Hundo has a uh different manip
yeah its pure luck, it should be a roughly 50/50
Theres a harder but more consistent way to do it with magic boomerang
you lose on average like 5s
We love a good practice mindset
hailey said she saw the boss door clip setup and it was bad luck every time, nothing wrong you did
but yeah I made a subpixel setup similar to stairclip to make it 100% consistent
time wise it is the same speed as 2nd roll cane setup
its in resources yeah with a text explanation and OoB free camera to show you what is happening
I always get so nervous when seeing classique on lake door
Yooo Phantom! Good luck on your run, hope you're doing well phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
everyone who has seen glitchless ToD can appreciate that skip
I'm already sick of MN humidity
I want winter back this shit sucks
It jumped from 40 one day and now it's 80 and super humid
According to google seattle's hottest is on average fucking 77
Also twitter is broken rn you can't reply to tweets rn lol
If Link ever gets earwax, does it shrink when he minimizes
gonna miss the start of this run have to do a couple things be back soon
high of 84 round here and extremely sunny, been nice
im excited for the equipment coming in
im so bored thoe waiting for it
i was like wtf is that
i didnt like the orcal games a whole lot
i chekced the mail in hopes of seeing the equipment
well I am still on the team so not mentoring lol
we are going to worlds this year though which is cool
we didn't make it to district champs but did make it to worlds somehow
Glenn, what is that pinned message
back in time for some cheating
sounds cool i never seen a ww rando before
le-VYE-as but whichever is easier phanto274BLANKIES
I got super sick out of nowhere
Unlike him a have a really bad immune system
anyone with 7tv can i think
I wanna just take it easy tonight but I have to edit a video for my english project
Tbh I have a feeling that I got sick from how much Ive been overworking myself
I remember this also happening last year
Sorry for going on a tangent lol
I got a phone call asking if I would be interested in working a Costco food court
cuz I missed it due to work
I've done Chipotle and Whole Foods Market bakery
Which one would give you more entitled people
Y'know what, fuck the video Ima play some 3d world and destress lol
Everyone who's worked Chipotle has some kinda horror story
The answer to the pin is yes. Because everything Link has shrinks down when he is minish even his sword LUL
I love the song in this town
I am one with the ads and they are one with me phanto274Smile
Are the number of ads each person gets randomized or set? LUL
@pallos7 Dinner-time evening rush into 2 different buses filled with college athletes
This split is hurting because Krenel throws everything it has at you, including boulders and Tektites Kappa
I can try ultra hard in it and lose time, sometimes I don't event pay attention and nearly tie my gold
Its a mental split honestly, chalk anything up to rng and move on
oh dude not another softlock in CoF
in the keese room you can roll up into an invisible wall before going to the room with the boss door
@pallos7 Worst part? These boys are HUNGRY and their school's footing the bill:
that door has a little collision above it that sticks out lower, but if you go by the side of it you go 1 tile higher before hitting the invisible wall
"Lemme get a double-wrapped burrito with 3 scoops of rice, 2 scoops of beans 3 servings of meat, etc, etc"
EACH of these mf'ers is ordering like that
once you walk into it you'll instantly get what an idea of this wall
so you're gonna need to have EVERYTHING ready
not into the door, that is too low
just go as high as you can and you will hit the wall trust me
its a big wall blocking you from the room above
hey phantom how do you feel about discord notifications during your speedruns
that is a good spot to land
ok i'll give the link to you later
gdq is asking the runners to get their comms in
i think that came out more rude than silly i'm sorry if it did!
i thought it was funny bc we all hate it
Online Commentators need to join before monday after next (10 days)
okok that's what i was going for HahaSweat then i was like "do i sound rude" and spiraled so quick.
im just taking care of it early
OMG how didn't you know about the invisible wall Kappa
but yeah we roll into that wall then go right
Invisible walls are easily known about because we lack the 5Head Knowledge LUL
The bot makes sense for once
I think its referring to the BN legacy collection coming out Kappa
people thought it was TAS only for ages
then someone got it by accident
you get used to just going for it, and its a nice timesave if you get it
I have been saying I should do more hundo runs for like 1.5 years now
my run was first one with new route
and I haven't done one since
new route should be able to get record
also I started it raging about my shit crenel rng the run before
it starts with me shouting "BULLSHIT"
I grinded every spot for a bomb drop since we do need 1 rng drop for the route to work which we normally get, I got nothing
fully cleared out the grip ring scrub room of grass
dude i just noticed the pin
Peahat clip phanto274Hype holy gold Batman phanto274Gold
bro I spent weeks when it was discovered just to make it consistent
we didn't have a consistent setup for months
damn that wasn't just a trick
the splits say it was a thicck
vlack had the omega giga brain to actually figure everything out
when they explained it no one else could actually understand it for another few months
Youre out of bounds but can still pick up hearts thats a cool trick
@Amishman19 yeah objects have weird layer detection I don't quite understand
you can grab that lever used to drop the key from layer 2 and pull it
you can grab anything contextually grabbable
funnily enough, when you grab statues/pillars you get lowered to layer 1
That is so weird but awesome
i have 0 idea how to do that
And remind me why you need the boomerang again?
it lets us open Big doors without it transitioning link to the next room, link ends up OoB
we can also do the same trick with lantern, it is known as Boss Door Clip
if it didn't work you would have to reset :)
Ah yes! Boomerang makes this fight so much better
Navi Lynn thought up the idea for it but had a really slow setup that people disregarded, I then made that setup, I might be able to find something faster but idk
but if something faster exists then why not find it
fastest is to just yolo it but thats not exactly advised
classic octo manip failing when doing it right
this is worse than haileys 2 ink 3 bash
I watched the octo back and have nothing to say, you got robbed
your rolls were all well in time
your dash at the start was too late
RNG was advanced 1 extra amount
thats why it looked so similar but slightly odd
SKIPPED THE 48 and the 47
I'm on vacation so I can't get any PR's for a week
yeah shes on vacation atm but will return to runs after she's back
So my run is in danger
I don't think you'll want me choosing
Think of all of the ways you could invalidate a run now
my only request is turn on hendrus shuffler
Do a figurine hunt again maybe?
do i keep playing valorant comp or do i switch to stardew valley?
just FYI if you set figurines to 136 it might take a few tries to gen a seed
ALso make sure Dojos have any item, you will thank me later
If it errors saying "cannot place anything in sphere 0" just try a new seed
Well now I want to know what fucked-1 is KEKW
Would you like a hendrus shuffler spoiler so you know what you are getting into?
Ill have to check it out on YouTube
we finally have confirmation on the voice of a certain character in tears of the kingdom
he said he got the go ahead from nintendo so i can just imagine he was like
"yo doug everyone fuckin' knows its me can i just say it"
Sounds like I need to go watch the trailer but knowing me I wont know the voice
yeah he has a basic voice he does for this type of role that he just changes pitch a bit
like chrom > ryoma > ganon they're the same voice just deeper as you go lmao
yeah but still different a bit
this ain't a patrick warburton situation
every time time i hear Cassandra Lee Morris i just know its her voice
btw I timed that octo lcuk and it lost 1:20
I said good luck because you are gonna need it
Okay Ive only played 4 games Matt Mercer has VAd for and I remember half the characters in those games that he voiced NiceSoftlock
i've heard a lot of him lately since maddy and i are catching up on the onepiece dub and he voices law in that
I hope you lean to love this shuffler
and as i'm sure you can imagine he's a perfect fit
iirc oda has a good amount of influence over english VAs for main characters
It doesnt help Im not an anime person either so no wonder I wouldnt have known
which honestly is how it should be
the creator should have say over the voices of the characters they create
one piece have way too many eps or i would watch it
i mean also in onepiece's case the dub was halted for like 6 years lol
Matt Mercer is the DM for high rollers which a lot of people know him from
eg, JoJo part 5 English dub >>>>>> sub
and yeah we're now at a point where before the dub was like 500-600 episodes behind we're now... 108 behind with the latest drop
Thats likely where I heard his name before
i prefer dub over sub cause ADHD. i can get distracted by something and not miss anything
if it's an adaptation of a manga, I'll read the manga cuz I can clear a volume within an episode
yeah we should be caught up by... end of the year?
yeah even in that case i can't focus on one thing like that
i like dub better but sub is not bad
that being said the dub vs sub debate is silly, watch what you prefer. neither is inherently superior over the other it all depends on how you prefer to interact with the medium
I watched golden wind twice, once subbed and the other dubbed but didn't really prefer one over the other
if sub works better for you that's fine, but if dub does that's also fine
I turned on sub for what little I played of Engage cuz the dialogue (not the voice acting, the dialogue) annoyed the Hell outta me
I am so sorry Myth put you through this
LORD DIVINE DRAGON-SAMASENPAI, LOOK AT ME
EU prices increase each set, NA/JP are the same each time
That better be a VERY good slice of pie for THAT price
first set is cheaper on EU, but yeah each increases by 100 every new set
this is one of the hard boomerang throws
you know how to dupe rupees on the ground right?
if you pick up a rupee and immediately quickwarp you can dupe it
as long as the item is still hovering above link's head then it will respawn
the flag that the item has been collected is only set after that animation finishes
farming 180 rupees is going to be rough
DHC is your bet for rupee farming
its the same as Palace fight with blue sword
what happens when you kill 1 and leave?
try killing one and leaving and seeing if they respawn
we don't know if they do or not
remember to always leave one alive for future merchant rounds
this is a hendrus shuffler classic
Last check in logic has item
this will probably happen like 5 or 6 more times
how's the minish cap goin? tippiLove
impromptu joinin friends on MMR glitch max shuffle with actorizer PrideLaugh
we had our hookshot behind zora eggs which I equip swapped for early KEKW
deffo check spoiler log after and say how many spheres there were
and then on the inverted stone tower soils was deku for my go, logic wanted me to find fire arrows but bleh fuck that, fireless goht PrideLaugh
I bet there will be 3 major items in these 2 locations
keep a freestanding 200 to quickwarp farm with
that is the same as 4 chain soldier kills
PrideLaugh soo I hear this seed went to town on high prices? KEKW
that is a good one to fawm
you can leave the room whith the animation playing and it also dupes it
this is in logic on 4
because it locks the other 5 in cloud tops
other ones are in logic on 9
do you have the wind crests for falls or clouds open?
what if the dog is a kirbo dog though tippiThink
red is double damage to enemies
i think the only one i've ever used is... white?
farore makes your tunic pink and gives you +50% damage and +50% defence
just go to the room south of the ruins with all that grass
picolyte is from beedle, they ony change drop rates
you can damage them with bottle glitch
I JUST read the pinned message KEKW
sadly bottle glitch is banned in races but I don't want it to be anymore
I don't know if it is
Where are the hot zelda ladies I was promised on twitter
They should put lana in the next zelda
we can play co-op when I get there
I have the DLC on my wii u :)
guessing the blue hair girl is from that game
I love hyrule warriors so much
she's a fucking idiot who tries her best okay
whats so bad about age of calamity?
not a fan of those type of games
age of calamity was great cause i got to play as urbosa and her voice actress makes me feel good about my voice which is my greatest insecurity so
from what I remembered from the speedrunning scene for it was that one version was the only viable one due to lag
don't mind me, just downed a shot of apple cider vinegar
i did enjoy AoC but i liked original HW better
more chances to CRUSH EVERYTHING AS GANONDORF
The side maps unlocked the great fairy
imo, HW is still the Golden standard of the "Nintendo" Warriors-games
FE warriors is pretty fun but the clone issue is very real
Still wanna know what they were huffing when they make FE Warriors
see i have a major issue with FE Warriors
Gameplay wise FE warriors is solid and the new one too
I actually like the new FE warriors a good bit cause it expanded on story shit that 3h just didn't want to that I wanted to see
see with most crossover warriors games, it's obvious the dev team is quite invested. FE Warriors felt like they were obligated and didn't put as much car in
but Three Hopes? that felt more like they were invested and actually put work in
Still trying to fathom why every character was locked to one weapon type
so whats the go mode for ya? them statues and 4 sword + whatever leads to it? tippiThink
"We didn't want FE fans to be intimated by FE mechanics, so we opted not to let characters switch weapons and we gave both the blonde dorks swords"
and the elements are either on the dungeons or anywhere
and for vaati I think based on the items you got now would be the rod / cane and lamp cus of the 1 arm being a otherwise blind fight?
at this rate i'm just gonna play switch BNLC cause it hasn't preloaded on my steamdeck lol
i made sure maddy saved this guy
yeah it's like the ONE missable thing
I WISH he'd not be missable
like even if in vanilla he's "just light arrows" which dont do anything really in this game PepeHands
sayin that with the amount of importance behind light arrows in most of the other zelda games is wild yea :D but still
so how do scrubs work in this, are they doable shieldless?
ALso remember to dupe the rupees in western wood
for these you haev to grab the rupee then quick warp
like as soon as you grab the rupee
now those will be there again next time
next set has affordable items too
did he have the other sword too? KEKW
it gets you a single check in graveyard
also that was another last location sword on goron merchant
this is why we love this shuffler
I mean such be rando PrideLaugh
its always great when all your combat is one spot KEKW
this chain seems to just be G O I N G I love this KEKW
please dont finish the seed within the next 5 minutes I need food for this PrideLaugh
ready for last location four sword?
not getting the broken sword BibleThump
juuust maybe required I dunno what you're talkin about PrideLaugh
"I'm not gonna fuck this up"
I also liked the minigame this music is associated with as much as the related minigame is LONG in vanilla PrideLaugh
but I reckon they dont do jack
dont tell me that works in vanilla too KEKW
for a sec I was honestly scared it was a vanilla thing KEKW cus like - that could speed up so much
just cus curious: you are "just" breakin this seed via tricks / glitches because you can not bc its like a glitch logic seed or something like that right?
just was curious since glitched logic in MMR "mostly" is trick based too, and that aside, its just a rando for comfies PrideLaugh
reminds me about whenever I played this game, when it came down to farming the last remaining doodads for like all figurines (yes, I am a casual hundo derp) I near only used the big spin on the western fields cus of how much grass you could cut there PrideLaugh
I dont know, would guess like 4 or something like that?
"what if I dont get -> *gets all the keys* -> FUCK" PrideLaugh
suuuurely flippers cant be in here right KEKW
definitely curious cus I reckon those cape jumps you did werent too bad
that sounds to mel ike them cape jumps are on or could you have reached this without the potato?
here I am hopin for silly bogus PrideLaugh
though I assume it is silly bogus to have the "normal routes" from vanilla be among the options to take
Played in a kof bracket and lost a set cause I tried to do something easy with jenet
But I do not know the easy routes
but anyhoo how did the game get confused earlier in the perma drop for link? KEKW
I'm gonna go take a cold shower because the heat in my room is so horrific rn
why did mn decide to go from
I'm gonna be so happy when I'm there in august and it's like 60
Also I might? move the moving closer depending on my next chunk of shifts but buff00ns money might get me up there faster
Otherwise still looking around like the 2nd week of july or some shit
Cause buff00n just fully covered CB pretty much so lol
I like just played this game and I remember jack shit LOL
rando brain also hits VERY different PrideLaugh
I love this game, yet I remember jack shit about it
I'm so excited to play 4 swords I haven't in so damn long
I always thought btw that link would start screaming when his head turns red when pullin stuff PrideLaugh
ok now off I go pikaLeave
how much $$$ for that extension on the house
just goin "HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH" KEKW instead of "just sweatin cus pull statue is pain" PrideLaugh
Now I can sleep well lolol
Seems not great if you have 1 out of the 4 gems 2 hours in
why are people trying super fucking hard to get me in their guild in honkai
I already got in a random one I have no reason to join a new one lol
you're "just" in search of the cane really at this point, finding that kinstone would be bonus?
I just learned what POG stands for today...you crazy kids and yur acronyms
well that too but 'play of the game" is what I heard it stood for first lol
Hey, you can get remote bombs now Kappa
I guess I was wrong about it being a 4sword hunt
but it's a cane hunt instead
hope you like the hendrus shuffler
So... how long have you been able to come here? lol
cus thats a rando only PrideLaugh
sooo its a confirmation at least that them dungeons locked one another there
We have no idea why the sword drops there
if after all this the cane is in its dungeon KEKW
you can just hold up left from the pads
catJAM this is the chain that NEEEVER EEEENDS PrideLaugh
I never played a rando of this, but just given the few bits of info I heard of it this is WILD
honestly with the back and forth boss keys so far?
YOU JUST SAID MY THOUGHT KEKW
OH btw congrats on getting worse Octo RNG than my worst ever (2 ink 5 charge) which was, afaik, the worst ever previously
why did the chest go where it did KEKW
pulling objects diagonally is a little broken
I have never seen it so *mind blown*
what you mean totally normal gameplay Kappa
imagine right - WHAT IF the dog has the cane KEKW
you can technically get red portal
oh wait I forgot about the cart, nevermind
I was just thinking about rollobite room
Which there is a way to clip through the bars
how many bosses now locked another? like 4?
you can stairclip to 2nd half palace without BK btw
you can jump off the door frames
also remember to get the red warp
for when you die to gyorg obviously
oh on the note of downstab tippiThink
the market bell couldt have anything?
just curious because of it normally being a heart piece and all
down strike hitbox is really tall but pretty narrow
if the cane just falls out of that bell right KEKW
where is the Vaati BK? tippiThink
Okay down stab is a funny way kill gyorg
on a scale of 69 to 420 how stoopid would this be? KEKW
well more that lost woods theme which you started hummin PrideLaugh
you know? I KIN-da believe you there KEKW
also I wanna say that that kinstone location is nearly as great as a cane on king to me PrideLaugh
you got some custom music in the music shuffle right?
 just was thinkin cus that calm transition on the Lost woods theme kinda sounded like the OoT credits LW theme
Dont worry it will be somewhere obvious you could have had for over an hour phanto274Smile
the best moments when rando do that
reminds me about one time I played an MMR seed (sort of normal check pool without big additions)
and bc I was tired AF at the time of playin, I ran past my Ice arrows which I needed thinkin I saw something not needed on a check
and ofc it was that check being them ice arrows KEKW
And because you already checked it why would go check the same place again. Been there done that Sadge
@Amishman19 you know that big tree with the bats in MM towards the swamp?
missed a deku mask up on that at some point in the same way too KEKW
"oh that looks like a green rupee" -> *deku blended in like a mad lad*
better then me, I never had ideas PrideLaugh
I hate to admit this but I never got too far into MM because as a kid the town was hard for me to figure out NiceSoftlock
And then I went to replay it when I was older but I had just beat OOT for the first time and needed a break and here I am
you got 1 bamb per kinstone back, I'd say thats a fair handshake KEKW
at least now you got 5 usable pieces of something PrideLaugh
@Amishman19 100% fair tippiLove definitely get that
lesgo I'm top 15 on the weekly shit in honkai
Finally had a week where the bosses worked for both my teams
it wasnt behind them dungeons though
I hate being right when Im trying to be sarcastic KEKW
lowkey was hopin for it to be behind them dungeons though meow
like - that dungeon blockade within each other the game pulled was GREAT
also I wanna say part of why I didnt dislike that chain is bc I dont know how to gauge the time investment to get back to each of the spots respectively sooo PrideLaugh
like outside of glitches / tricks I mean
thanks you made me lose my shit KEKW
the last few days been mostly watchin pape rando with the latest update and / or friends playin MMR or somethin peepoComfy
the music shuffle is 100% part of the reason I am tryin to get a friend to play a seed PrideLaugh
not that either them or me would be any good at it but the fun would be with the shenanigans PrideLaugh
it is funny, but them darknuts be more like bumper-nuts KEKW
sphere count on this one just from the looks felt sort of high yea
definitely need to try this rando out a couple times though
and with that I mean I also need to replay this game at least once to hundo cus its been a WHILE PrideLaugh
like - I feel like I renember most of the obscure stuff but at the same time with MM I learned sooo many nuances, same with OoT - so like BETS this one also has some of that
ouhhh windwaker has been a bit since I played rando on too tippiTap
just "normal" things on or also charts?
the webbased tracker for Windwaker is GOLD
its like with your tracker for PM64R
just the ability to feed in the settings and it auto adjusts from there is great
i don't thinki even know what that means...15? lol
sphere 0 = no items needed to get them
sphere 1 = needs an item from sphere 0
aka "sphere count" means basically "how much did the logic kerfuffle go"
Y'know I shouldn't put that much in if nobody else does
which I assume, sphere count does include small key gets
There's so much risk for no reward LOL
i am a little less confused...I think
I made 2800 points for putting 11k down
definitely sounds like the small keys were counted in HOLY PrideLaugh
The arknights lesbians have entered my tumblr feed and I haven't even followed artists there yet
Ranting about the same alt I mentioned the other night LOL
or I guess 8 for you
Damn, I was JUST about to take a nap
awww, just as the track fades out
oh buff00n, you see my reply to your comment?
I love working on Saturday SadgeBusiness
i'm playing that theatrythm game that came out a bit ago
i'm upset the octopath music for it won't be released until july
You're not missing out on BN1
2 can be fun. Especially since styles are kinda gutted in BN3.
i mean, i've watched 9+ hour videos on yt before, sooooo
We live in the timeline, confirmed.
This Sega Genesis Phantasy Star sounding music
It's 200X? Guess I'm too young to be on Twitch peepoLeave
Lan, you've been to SciLab, HOW MANY TIMES, thus far?
i'm gonna be seeing the mario movie today!
but we need chris redfield punching a boulder in HD
I'll NetBattle some of y'all in chat, but SCREW playing ranked
im still on 2, nope neverr finished that one before Kappa
shame you can't skip tutorials in the legacy collection that has EVERY BLOODY BN GAME
I played to style just to get guts trophy and reset LUL
do ground style, rip the bandaid off
you can buy invis chips at the square
there is an extra code for antidmg, so i never went for shadow style
I know literally nothing about this series
Damn, Lan got a 3D printer? Crazy
Lan: " Uh... Yes??" THAT is the correct response: suspicion
i've gotten to the point in octopath 2 that enemies don't give me enough exp to be worth fighting
Network Is Spreading has no reason being this catchy
you need less that 75% max HP, I dont know the rank tho
oh? HP doesnt matter, its 50% at Rank S
didn't realize how raw this game was
oh yeah, crystal rando is later
God seeing the font look THAT clear and then everything else still being gba
My taxes just got approved yippee
60 dmg bubbler this early is so good
recov? are you going for shield style KEKW
it would be cooler if you could throw your shield
I have all this memorized and totally dont have all the games drop rates in another tab Kappa
one thing I learned recently, this game does have a DashAtk* drop but it requires a rank S+
i thought it was 53 lol
yeah, 10+1=11 so does 9+2, so 11x5=55
thats how I calc power bounce too. Like if I start at 7... 76543, 5 in the middle times 5 bounces gives 25 for a 5 cap
put steal at the top lol
it's never too early to go to bed
bn3 gives such good options for early folder builds, bubbler, copydmg, rockcube, invis... so many options
white version gets heatshot, only does 50 but still pretty good
when talking for gutsman you have to end with "de-gutsu"
I've never played these games. What's the keyboard layout wasd?
rigbelievers want a co-op and im like "but battle network..."
Would that affect the story at all?
start with 1, if you dont like it, jump to 2
with dulled swords cause 4kids cant a blade with an edge
Worth 60$ or wait for a sale?
I'm gonna wait for a sale
Pretty sure the equivalent comma character for Japanese has the space built in
Is this an instance where the font was changed for the rerelease?
So maybe no one's fault, poor auto-localization in font
Original localizers probably kept the JP comma character and the new font replaces it with a EN comma
marioman I have something to share
Just relaxing got the collection yesteday
So I am playing all the games for the 1st time
when I was playing bn2 i got a 2 turn quickman witha 12:46
why cant that be in runs?
Hope the games been fun so far! phanto274Mash
the dumbest thing abouut bn2 is 5 chip PAs
5 spreaders doing 800 dmg is nice but come on
This is good because Ill get a reminder about how the f this game works before playing them again
its so weird seeing like 200 different people streaming these games
oh i just noticed, since bn5 doesnt have boktai crossover we cant do ACE in the re-release
Ive been reading To Kill a Mockingbird, so Ive been on twitch less.
Ah yes! Its good to see you get in on the Alpha Omega runs today too Kappa
countering on bosses drops 10 bugfrags
Its good to know that flash fire is still in this game LUL
You can always PvP chat and let the game take your Gutsman V2 Kappa
Gutsman is so easy to counter LUL
You can always just use a copy bot to punt Chisao into oblivion Kappa
so im been watching Stream, Tesla is running Neo WWW and her goons are the Ops for Flashman BeastMan DesertMan and VideoMan
Can we actually break the code and delete Chisao? LUL
Cant even use ACE to delete Chisao now
Off to get your nice shiny Gutsman V2 chip so fast for ground style Kappa
Well, SOMEONE's got a big head
Hold nothing back. Destroy him mister206Do mister206IT LUL
Tora is hard if you have wood or elec elements Kappa
But team style is so good! Its a huge game changer being able to add more mega chips isnt it? Kappa
talk to the progs in the hidden door comp
I can definitely see you going for Bug style
on the right side of the door
Gambling? In a kids game? What is this, the 90's?
@Axl_SR don't tell him to talk to things anymore
I have something even more cursed for you Raven LUL
watch it be an unlocker LMFAO
that is used for element sword PA
but 4K is a bit much
can you counter hit with you buster?
Dont believe me? Try using you Buster to counter Gutsman for 10 bugfrags LUL
you cant fight gutsman again until copyman
Or you can Buster counter mettaurs
i was grind for fishy* today, my 20th dashatk was finally * coded MonkaS
The fishy counter is right when you first hear the dash noise
9 if you wanna go for the 3.125% KEKW
I love how oddly specific that is
yeah they got buffed to 90HP plus they dash twice so its harder to line them up
Its like Z code is trying to tell you something
Z code to get Z cannon 1 Kappa
Its like its totally not suspicious at all with the Hurry Hurry no time to explain. Kappa
Dex has a poster of Roll lol
Aww they actually changed the poster to Roll?!
yeah, a poster of Mayl would just be creepy
I remember it being a cameo poster
I was watching bn2 blind today, and the guy talked to Jim in the alley early and he said, "How the hell are you? I dont talk to strangers!" LMFAO
Trev, when are you streaming BN?
the first NPC in Netopia Town "Well excuse me for looking like someone else!" Love seeing the reactions on they text box
Its a shame they never brought Dash back
airhoc was a good replacement tho
playing bn1 I was like, I cant wait for wider roads on the net
Seeing BN1 I was like: goodbye OP Buster
Everything else didnt bother me as a kid
while yes the net design in bn1 is stupid, at least you only visit it twice, only for stoneman and bombman
Yep max Buster plus Hubatch equals charge shot doing over 100 damage to life virus
max charge and attack is 80 damage
Its 18 X  Buster level for charge shot damage
So Hub.Batch at the end of 1 gives you a charge shot doing 108 damage
Dont mind me jacking in Dex after I owned you in front of Chisao Kappa
Sure do for the Z Yo-yo advance
You need O cannon at this rate Kappa
I guess you are saving O Cannon 1 for Beastman then Kappa
you cant do Omega PAs in 3
you can only have 4 of the same chip
Thats one less PA for later you have to grind
your reaction to see me do Z-Spreader KEKW
I could only fire it 2 times LUL
H burst in this game with 3 spreaders
Now get ready to walk all the way back to where you jacked in at without any chips Kappa
I know its in 2 and 4
bruh... that heatshot was so slow
didnt know this game has the SNES super FX chip
I saw someone playing this yesterday, they ran back to Lan's HP but they couldnt remember where they jacked in LUL
That was me as a kid LUL
He left his keys at scilab
you call it PET too, now I dont feel bad
You can trash dig for your very own repair * Kappa
untrap are amazing for yoko area
i never use them in bn2 tho
is the hotel sign outside in japanese in this version?
oh its called "ura" the same as the undernet... that cant mean anything...
Its not like Megaman and Lan are fully synchronized after BN1 with HubBat. Totally not a main mechanic of BN4 onward. Kappa
What are you talking about thats just how pillows work Kappa
I was abouut to ask that
Nah its more like you showed him and he just sent new data to uninstall the old and put new in
I have consumed the homemade tacos
I am full of salsa and refried beans
Give in to easy mode download BassGS mister206Do mister206IT
bn3 hodl select, bn5 you hold dpad right
it was actually not terrible, lost by 2 minutes but was actually fun
I thought that was lifesword lol
need to get your metalman checked out kid
Chisao is there to haunt us
I forgot about one of the greatest things ever. The Condor taking Chisao and making sure he was never seen again until the plot demanded we go get him LUL
i came in at just the right moment apparently
i may or may not see how the pixel smoothing looks on the shit
just think for a moment... someone had to make pixel art for the elephant dung
I thought Pandas were actually big racoons or something
I think I know who will win between the flamingo and the hippo
chisao is netopian for "annoying little brat"
The condor is doing us a favor just let him be LUL
yai just for that lie you're gonna get dropped on your head later
so Chisao came on the school trip to get kidnapped it all makes sense now
The condor found itself a little snack, let 'em keep it
you know what i feel bad about
did you jack into the hidden comp by the pandas?
i feel bad for the inn employees who have to clean that poop up
Sadly Chisao makes up for this incident by being even more annoying in BN4 Sadge
I feel like the zoo keeper would clean that up
it'll gum up his skates, it's dangerous
That brown water always made me sus
jeez its all over the place
i like how it's not floating it's sitting on top of the water
like they could've removed the shadow for that one but they didn't
gotta say i really love the hi-def version of the font for names
it just POPS so nicely over the spritework
i'm not talking about the courier font
i'm talkin' about like the font for enemy names in battle and stuff
the one that was actually in the GBA ones
your about to get sneakrun tho lol
fwiw i don't mind the courier font either but when the font mod comes out i'm probably swappin'
Untraps get you HELLA easy momey if you're willing to run across most of the net
I wonder if you could code Chisao into the empty Koala cage Hmm
coming up: a theme that ice still hasn't forgiven me for using as the minigame theme in my MMBN MSU
when the anime replaced Dex with Chisao I actually started to enjoy it more lol
that makes sense sort of lol
listen to this this is totally perfect for a minigame theme
also coming up: the best dialogue in the series
oh? their AI is very different
i used to on 4th movement they come to your row
POG, POG. It appears to be a Twitch Streamer type program! Take it with you?
All I know is that the Condor virus and Chisao go well together Kappa
The Twitch Streamer got so mad at the Twitch website that it exploded!
ah you need a Ribbita type virus :P
You know I never noticed the similarities that Goombario shared with frogs the way he hops around
I got excited until I realized that was Longsword E
Mirby, I wish I could use that on Komari but he wont play bn3 FeelsBadMan
cause thats what a bananana says
My money is on elecshadow or elecGuts
if you get elec will you do bolt strats?
Elec because its the default if you dont manip
i am not looking forward to having to go for the shadow and ground styles for the trophies
ground is easy, just reg panlout1
HE PLAYED SO HARD THAT HE EXPLODED
Ground is easy to get panel out, wood, lava, ice stage, Gutsman, etc
it bit its tongue and EXPLODED
Make sure to BassGS beastman Kappa
We are all about the explosions Kappa
Wily took a page from BassGS and made himself explosion proof
" OLD MAN REFUSES TO DIE, CUZ OF SPITE "
I just realized Gutshoot would have one shot beastman LUL
Damn, Slashman blew up HELLA quickly
the real question is WHY ARE THESE IMPORTANT PROGRAMS AND CODES STORED IN RANDOM ASS LOCATIONS
I always knew Chisao was proficient is the Dark Arts
chisao knew that dex was lying about being #1 so he paid the condor off to capture him and reveal the ruse. totally.
I'd catch too if I was Dex. I ain't getting in trouble for that little shit getting hurt.
Dont let ME keep you here LUL
bro just get a geddon3 chip
Grown ass men, can't beat up a child.
Geddon3 makes all swamp panels LUL
this is going to need the help of a random russian guy
Baryl isnt in this game tho
"I'm taking Chisao out" good take him out
you saying cossack in this game isn't russian, axl?
Sadly Chisao is like Darth Sidious, you can get rid of him only for him to return
"Chisao's here, you wanna hang with us?"  "NO, THANKS"
ngl, Cannons suck in this game
Capcom is a company dedicated to diversity and inclusion. Go suck yo momma's milk.
this guy is asking for PvP BN6 matches but with crosses banned LUL
I want to have a 1 on 1, without crosses or crazy giga chips. Just the normal folder.
it's okay higsby's used to being ignored
I replied with "sounds liek you want BN1" KEKW
I am trying my hand at photoshopping Chisao memes with him being carried away in the air LUL
what is the font for JOB BBS in the top corner?
One day we can see the job BBS hacked with Dex requiring help finding Chisao after being taken away by a hawk Kappa
bruh... imagine BN social media influences spreading viruses for clout LUL
Imagine getting people to click on Chisao being taken by the condor and spreading viruses Kappa
Put his ass back back. on the tower after that shit he pulls in BN4
Wait. Why DO WE HAVE TO HELP Chisao in BN4? We can just leave him to his fate Kappa
i know it's not the best but apparently he's at in n out today and now i'm kinda craving in n out lmao
cable and satellite only. exclusively on ESPN8 The Ocho
What BN4 got right was actually fighting Navis in a virus fight
N1 pools sounds awful. Multiple days devoted to pools? FOH
btw i discovered that basscross + bustermax is broken
one shot, every row, 100 damage
a friend wants crossover points but she's only playing 5 so i was using that to get to that point quicker lol
i was using proto bass cross
last night btw i was quite concerned. because should you REALLY be opening a link to your dad's pc in a SECURE GOVERNMENT FACILITY accessible from the public internet. using @Dad literally makes a backdoor into a government system
@mirby_studios if Net Society did the logical thing, we wouldn't have BN games
The condor is always following Chisao around waiting for the right time
of course the condor is loose theres no walls or a roof to stop it
The condor only returns when Chisao goes back to Netopia LUL
their rats can destroy timebombs their allies place. i had one of those enemies and a ratty in a battle and it kept destroying the bombs for me lmao
i hear some viruses can become navis, but that's noncanon
jack out, go to SciLab lab and jack in straight to Square
but, you're in area where Swordy viruses are
Does anyone remember what soulnet was?
@Axl_SR Lan, here's a rock that so happens to keep you from losing your mind like the rest of Net Society cuz you're the protag
guy is fighting topman, uses 2 steals to lock to back row then uses airhoc which does nothing cause it has nowhere to move too LUL
its funny so see how newcomers try out chips
oh, the first one just missed so i thought it did nothing, when it hits it only hits once which is such a waste
encounter's like "do you love it when you get S Ranks?"
a full tenth of your folder is Dash G lol
gonna be able to get that bugfrag trader trophy just with the bugfrags from this hunt
what do you call an old person that says things that don't seem quite accurate? fishy boomer
friendly reminder that the boomer virus family is Boomer, Gloomer, and Doomer
if these games were released today we'd have one called Zoomer
game waited til you gave up
I missed what style you got Sadge
Yeah fight flashman V2 so he appears out of the fire
Its a 100% chance if you do that LUL
bro straight up got written out of the will
as a girl i can confirm this
Progs have no gendered characteristics at all. That means that these Progs self-identify as female. Battle Network says trans rights
nah see he had the opposite problem as you, he wanted money and kept getting chips
you know what should be a mod for the steam versions of these? replace the faded net tiles from lategame with the normal ones
Hmm perhaps using the master style PA or BassGS would help HmmCouncil
oh heck i just remembered how dumb it is to refight bubbleman
and how after you beat the game you have to fight Beastman Beta to unlock the security cube
Someone was making fun of scambots
near the Scilab square entrance of Area 2
10k for Ratton 1 C? What kind of shop is that HIGSBY? LUL
At least its not 30 Zenny from a blue MD Kappa
only BN1 would do that Kappa
I see we are having fun phanto274Smile
so how long before we get BNLC All Trophies speedruns :P
This is When AI invades the real world and attacks Sadge
If we made ChatGPT evil and more sentient then it would be the end of us. Maybe BN4 and 5 were trying to teach us this with Dark Chips Sadge
nah it would be like the tanks at the end of the this game, not able to hit anything
At least they give you the H burst Pa in that folder
This is a genius way of introducing you to PAs
and this is how I found out about the H burst Pa as a kid LUL
One less PA to grind later LUL
someone literally just asked me to send an app to their phone through the chat site
Going good, just clocked out so much better now! How are you? phanto274Jam
honesty i think Guts Syle is tied with Custom at this point
but that hand helps you gain custom points
I think using PAs counts a lot towards custom style too
chaud don't make me throw a PET at someone's head
I got a funny email last night from twitch, telling me that if I'm enjoying your channel I should sub. Like come on, I've been subbed lmao fifiTea
Chaud doesnt have the power of BassGS! Hes just trash talking because he doesnt know you have that Kappa
the wording was even worse, star
it said you should sub [person]
Oh no mirby that's bad phanto274Facepalm
Elec element here we come phanto274Smile
time to go wind* hunting Kappa
reality really reflecting battle network here
at least our wifi enabled devices don't murder people in exploding bubbles
The Masa Hisgby rivalry needs to happen Kappa
dead. he was killed by a fish, trev
@mirby_studios somehow I think babysitting Chisao did it
masa was last seen fleeing from a condor
Masa is an expert if only he was here
Why do Roll's goggles look like C-buttons?
but yes they look like c buttons
I love how Lan has time to run halfway across town, to / from Mayl's house in the middle of a crisis
the music's playing, there's SOME kinda crisis
time for a random russian guy to help!
I know a thing or two about programming :)
random russian guy compressed it as much as possible
i'm only half memeing. i think that's actually why you can't compress it
cause the implication was that it was already compressed as much as it could be and to do further would require greater programming since it's a special program and not a normal one
i'm just saying it makes sense in lore
it a shame they never did a Breath of Fire for the GBA. The PS1 games had this same exact top-down view
you could've made an rpg outta that
i legit once did a run of this game called the 420 run
i couldn't have my HP exceed 420 and i could only use wood and heat chips. and bubbler.
those were the rules of my 420 run. it was hard but fun lol
got some "420" I might "blaze" tonight
yeah that's why i only used wood and heat chips lmao
and bubbler was useable purely as a joke
:) is this the new bundled release?
Because he is a coward that wants to fight you when your HP is red and low Kappa
I guess he wanted to fight MegaMan, but didn't want a fair fight?
was going to buy it- how's it going so far
Low HP is the only way to get his Version 3 to spawn Kappa
@Trevbonk IF ONLY THE FUCKER SHOWED UP WHEN I WAS RUNNING AROUND BEACH AREA 1 W/ RED HP FOR 20 MINUTES WAITING FOR HIS PUNK ASS TO SHOW UP
Usually you get Elec if you dont manip
MY FORTUNE IS YOURS, IF YOU GUESS RIGHT
some one put a point on elec
don't know what I agreed to...
I had a feeling since Aqua is the last in the element cycle
i just like water and 20
@kamenr1derFAIZ what did I just contribute to?
Ians aqua custom is vanilla from the anime
Plus I figured it had to be aqua since its the last on the element cycle and you sat on the main menu for a while
I was grinding for Custom and got AquaCust
my brother ran a Flashman folder
I got 20,633 from that prediction phanto274GG
Now I can redeem the rando seeds when the time comes Kappa
not taking 4x damage from Flashman and Elec nonsense
if it wasnt custom then it was guts style
Using the PAs and the chips from the folders helped
uh oh. is that my fault?!
thats quad pain you can decrease it if its to much
@kamenr1derfaiz make it pure pain LUL
I put 1 point on the last empty category, as told to by chat
who would you rather have assist you: Glyde or Goombario
I would choose Glide because he is more useful than mister206Gombidious
Glyde has money and rare chips
AND ICE PANELS DONT MEAN **** because of Aqua element POGGERS
You can even extinguish lava panels
the bot is so cute when it tries
Since you cant do Bolt strats now what? LUl
so how far are we into the run (and is there any chance I'll understand what's going on?)
how far into the play-through then
If only you used BassGS and nuked everything Kappa
just got back from the mario movie!
to be fair lan did fuck up there
there's also a random russian guy who is great with programming for some reason
I mean from one Aqua Navi to another they have the code of honor to not delete each other Kappa
@weegee666 you also missed a huge prediction for the style change and it was something
I mean for all we know it would have been worth letting the Bubbles explode if Chisao was in one
On the next episode: Daddy issues
LOVE IS FOR THE WEAK, YOU LIL' BITCH BOY
If only he was Chisaos dad Kappa
"REAL CHAMPIONS TRAIN INSTEAD OF SHOWING AFFECTION YOU WIMP"
if you want my love, you gotta buy it with all the being a champion already
soooo be honest, the game itself is ok but the chat commentary is worth it?
Chaud's dad is 10000% the: "2nd place is the 1st loser" kinda guy
get that shit off Amazon, what're you DOING
She hasn't but her money has
which is likely why Lan keeps her around
I'm not against an upload that starts when I go to bed and ends after I wake up
wants you to know he's 'Merican
reminds me of the bad translation staff for the Pokemon anime "let's eat these jelly donuts"
HP determines your encounter rate, right?
You are having way too much fun with these mini games LUL
At 5 hours in too LUL
aw man, I remember the customizer thing
spent way too long finding weird glitchy combos
A good mechanic is being able to charge your Buster up to do a 80 damage charge shot Kappa
Protoman with a great entrance LUL
try saying THAT 5 times fast
I think the phone's in Yai's room?
someone's salty 'bout Lan having a healthy relationship with his father
Elec element has got nothing on you except flashman Kappa
Flashman chips plus ice stage is GG aqua element in PvP
You just need ice stage plus flashman Kappa
hit 'em with the "Call an ambulance! BUT NOT FOR ME!"
Just put the weapon up on the top
it's better when BN4 has you fly to whole ass other countries when your opponent's late for their match that's being called at that very moment
gonna assume it was BN2 where you could walk in on Mayl changing clothes, hence the warnin
at one point you can find her hiding behind the shelf in her room. if you speak to her, she yells at Lan cuz she's in the middle of changing
so is the name "Lan" a play on LAN?
They made Fish a program on memory of Masa rip our boy Sadge
nerrrrrrrdddddsss (she says while watching you play..)
I love how merciful the plot is and waits for you to get money LUL
Yo! Its a hard to find recovery 80 J code! Kappa
considering a decent amount of codes had to be found in the bloody JP ANIME ADAPTATION that was removed for the english dub, yeah, it's a wonder people were cool enough to document all that
now you just new GutPunch E Kappa
I have been watching on and off all day and I still cant remember what the letters mean KEKW
"here ya go, lil' man! YOU AIN'T GET THIS SHIT FROM ME"
oh no, you cant fuzzy gio, oh no.
"oh yea, compressed fish" (things I wasn't expecting to hear on a Saturday night)
Dont lose to this guy now Kappa
I forgot to mention Tora wont tolerate the rock cube Strats when you use his pieces Kappa
Wait are you 19 now? If you dont mind me asking.
GET OLD THE BOAT! mister206Do mister206IT !
if you can jack-in, yeah, it has something
you went by the crates that had an HP memory there LUL
Damn, people actually remember Lan and MegaMan saved the world
People actually remember you saving the world twice
they threw the sexiest netbattler in Block-D?
Get on the boat, Mr. Hikari
has Lan asleep, at his mercy, and DOESN'T slit his throat or throw him into the sea
I really dig this part of the game.
Going to try to get some IceBall M's early?
Nice your charge puts out lava panels
Now thats a rare chip Kappa
Ah, I forgot to ask, which version you playing? White or Blue?
Wide Sword Q is netbattler Qs favorite Kappa
I hope to play Blue once I can grab the collection. Grew up with White.
I think Roll V5 and Numberman chips are in Blue right?
I have ethical concerns about these contest rules and procedures
Don't sweat it. The chances of someone falling on their giant head is really slim.
I've been saving up for that, so happy str9ngLove
so aa is always the same
The demon statue isn't open yet is it?
so we just sit here for 3 minutes?
Are you going to use team style to get all the V4 or use the bug frag trader?
As a kid i used the bug frag trader and never knew you had to use team style to get them LUL
"They never paid me for saving the world twice. I gotta win now so I can afford to go to college."
Oh do you have shield style right now?
I think you are a little late?
I wish that you can reset the timer and wait the 2 minutes again and again Kappa
Oh! You are using the anti damage one
This is great practice for Shadow souls anti damage Kappa
He just has Plan B Kappa
But you have to merge the 2 attack together o think?
like make them be a 3X2 in a corner top?
I am winning because I can LUL
Soon you can get the legendary Folderback with 100 more bug drags
Just use BassGS and nuke your way to victory in 1 turn Kappa
LUL i came back and was like damn.
and like pretty much any other 13yo on the internet
If you think BN3 is wild then look at BN2
@rvpa yep first scenario is save Yai from choking on gas LUL
only thing i seen of bn2 is the speedrun so i couldn't read shit lol
BN7 takes wild political stances HahaSweat
oh i didn't know there was a BN7 whoops LUL
ya know i dont think ive ever heard jackos english VA
Desert man is weak to Aqua LUL
i love how bad guys talk shit then just get body right after
DesertMan all about that booty Kappa
Call and ambulance! But not for me! Kappa
If only you used BassGS and showed the world its power Kappa
i don't like fighting games but this game looks cool
Quick question strimmer, why isn't this a educational strim?
but I've finally hit a lvl 2 ash bnb
that qm comob was made up
tilited about getting full jump instead of hop on the fbs
I slide my thumb for hops
2367 is not bad on hitbox for tks
oh shit hyper hop is differnt than full jump
the nostalgia :) glad we're continuing
these stupid ass kids got no nose
You should use your zenny to buy wendys instead of weapons
if Raven ever gets a Wendy's sponsor, it'll be a match made in Heaven
Lemme just win a major and that'll be my interviews after
Accept 'be my boyfriend' and immediately went to jack
they should've made Press a key item
you can negate most of MasterStyle's damage in PvP if you put on Anti-Sword
I need to find someone to do bn2 pvp with me for the secret chips to unlock hard mode
you need 3 stars first so I need some dedicated LUL
I liked his sounds why did you kill him
Holy shit why was megaman buff00n height on that platform
I'm not the one who's lil' here
don't tell Roll about this job
Stop killing all of axl's avatars
This megaman really is just like buff00n
Ah yes! Forced virus encounters for your hard work LUL
What if you swapped out the Timebomb N for one of your own and handed that guy another one? They would never know Kappa
It just gives you pierce with your Buster shots
like metal soul Buster in BN4
this is for charge shots, not buster shots
you need the code too after modtools
the code over rides the error cause you are cust style
also, and the megaman status screen if you press L you can see if your buster jams
you must have a differrent bug then
I knew that as kid, apparently not a soul in teamBN knew about that until I revealed it last year LUL
I got an ad right when you said "oh man audio" so yo'll have to fill me in on what happened after that lmao
did you finish your bn3 notes?
well if you run white you can just buy yoyo G
you know the traderr glitch there?
before you get the chip you jack in
All those Dash Z are trying to tell you something I just cant put my finger on it LUL
thats cute, ribitta and Lan are on the TV downstairs
i see 1 of many birds LUL
At what point does the mmbn world not realize "hey, maybe computers running everything comes with downsides?"
tree run by a computer? surely we will never see that again
nurses out here recruiting random kids to help find missing people
Imagine greeting sports-players withe "sportname-player dude!"
I wonder what Navi that kid operates? Kappa
When will you do Book of Battle Network?
Is there really such a thing Axl?
"what took so long?" "I dont want this right now"
dex aint here for yais shit
a rerun of the okuden interview KEKW
"Is there something back here? No." A short story from the mmbn universe
yo! its chris prat on the poster
Lan is being interviewed and congratulated on how he got rid of Chisao Kappa
did you get that HPmemory you missed your prior visit?
Megaman Yeeted himself across the room last night. That was great Kappa
just noticed the collection borders are gone
You need that for a PA anyway
I wonder where that cube leads
Custom style is the best. You get chip data without collect a lot of the times
i have the notes URL pinned in Komari DMs so I dont need to open the discord LUL
Bug sneak run for bug style points? Nice phanto274Smile
D for I dont know LUL
just use your charge shots and the should give you a 6 rank??
When you hit the Undernet ranking last he shows up
Yep right before Drillman at the end
I think you need the V5 chips for that Pa??
Wow! What a good friend of yours he is Kappa
I dont think you can study a style change Tora and get better LUL
My soul is now free from 5 ads phanto274Smile
Dex is not himself because Chisao is slowly turning him to the dark side Sadge
Dex is slowly having his soul sucked out of him because of Chisao FeelsStrongMan
You mean go clean up Bubbleman alpha? Thats not a bad idea
Step sword hero sword and step cross P for evil cut
saw a clip of ero, he start with 1 HP and vaccum pulled him on a poison panel LUL
I was there for that undernet run earlier LUL
Chat was telling him to heal and he wasnt worried until he accepted his fate LUL
What are you playing this on?
if i get this game I'm gonna go for the PlayStation version for trophies
Sweet. I got this for switch as well. On the first one still.
Punk is properly named after all
Is there any downsides to use the max booster mode? I try not to, but I sometimes do when I'm going far on the net
in bn2 you need to be careful not to get shield style
and I just happen to have the other half on me right now!
Cool. Yea. It's also weird they gave me a bass chip right in the beginning
if you take damage tho youll be fine
its only 5 shield points, but if you only fire 3 buster shots thats only 3 guts points
however, If you just add every fight that will give you custom style
oh! you got a S+ rank nice
100 battles for level 3 then another 160 for level 4
what was that "download chip" option in the Megaman screen?
i like doing that to beastman lol
its so ms mari cant get locked up anymore LUL
oh how naive people were in 2006
Lan help, its very important data! It has all of the students pronouns!!
this is when you need it?
antinavi M is in the secret area
maybe kilios will trade it LUL
so now that 3DS has been out for 12 years, is it retro now?
sand is a great pairing with wood style
grind a PA, miss the PA, next top deck it next fight LUL
googling for bn3 stuff I find kilios alpha omega in 13 hours, the vod is slpit into 8 parts LUL
okay so bn2 snctuary comes in ACELS, beating hard mode you get a random one
the folder's trash, but having a 2nd folder is cool
It finally happened the Areagrab air hockey combo by darkMega owning some one LUL
@Trevbonk tell me you have a clip
ship her lil' ass back to the hospital
man's just LEFT the whole ass school building
humongously big dick syndrome. rough life dude
and instead of calling the doctor, you need to manually run up the stairs
"only he can treat it... with a first aid kit"
im on the site already + im lazy
when do you need a kids approval for surgury?
go tell his mom at the inn
yeah real lore, his parenys run the inn, and tamako is his Aunt
lets be honest, you werent gonna use it
I can't @ everyone in ravens discord
you aint speedrunning this is fine :)
How can I not be dumb
if they reach out to you about a game them and their friend are making
Imagine turning down a life-saving operation cuz you don't have fukken "Ice Ball M"
imagine working, writing articles, suddenly there's a dm with "hey, can you check out my game" and I'm just "huh, if raven had made a game we would know??"
i was just thinking raven and you were collabing :)
well good think they dm'ed the artist herself KEKW
welp this is more than my monthly visit to twitch
If MegaMan is on the same panel as an enemy and the GutsShoot Program Advance is used, the game will soft-lock.
its all cause phantom is playing BN
God, imagine needing Press AND EnergyChange
BN's good ideas are phenomenal, but BN's bad ideas are Godawful
nah, punching a rock is more efffective
yooo we banning axl now? knew this was a good channel
Ugh my discord just got fucked
So if anyone in here has me added ignore dms
Fuckin having friends who actually want to do creative shit makes this shit so ass to know if it's real
I had the game scam thing
does oil body still work if you bug it?
you don't get Collect until WWW Island, apparently
found a math notebook from College. I don't remember ANY of this bullshit
does it make sense to play the whole collection in order or can any of them be skipped?
I did get a "leftover" code from a colleague
imo, you might wanna skip BN4
if it wasn't for Souls, we wouldn't have Crosses, so I suppose
main story, some side quests if not too tedious
I stopped doing 100% in games since there's too many and padding is just annoying and often sucks all enjoyment out of a game for me
I like sidequests and varied gameplay, so I can play a game for a long time if it has that often it's not worth it?
tbh though I sometimes can be dumb too LUL
DQ11 has a "postgame" which is basically just another 30% of the game with unique story and everything
but I was really dumb with the final final boss
and actually farmed out to level 99 because 85 wasn't enough to beat him
and after finishing the game THREE times I find out there's a mechanic there
I got like 22 hours in and just kinda... stopped
that you just use the holy sword and the boss becomes really weak
wanna run all over the cyberworld multiple times as you delve deeper into the bonus dungeon so you can fight progressively stronger enemies to get higher tier chips???
oh hey, did you get your account back?
@langepon you can't get all the Souls w/o playing New Game+ twice
Ok my FFZ is finally setup correct again cause I cleared my cookies
@RavenFP when you asked me to @ everyone I noticed I had no privileges for that, panicked but also saw that phantom was streaming, so I went in here, asked for help and what does this dude do? sends a "don't be dumb" in the discord KEKW
In my defense it wasn't a bot dm and it was someone who showed past interest in shit
battle network 4 is my first, just know it from you that its random today lol
I was just really confused about the furry dating sim in french
A lot of that kof group genuinely are furries though so I didn't think much of the furry rpg
its hard back when we all a child XD
the furry part confused me so I tried a scan first, the website seems new enough to not trigger anything yet. then checked the hyperlinks to the "dev log" > dead and then noticed the screenshots were in french. at that point I was pretty sure it was a phishing attempt
ads about vitamins... I know I'm lacking them twitch, don't be mean reeeee
I've never done discord support b4 but this is the longest wait of my life LOL
I just want this shit fixed
I've only had vitamin and hair removal ads today >:|
ok so my paypal didn't got logged out on my phone because of fingerprint settings
But the 2fa got changed and paypal mobile I guess doesn't let me change any passwords at all
Not bad, still rusty but but finished okay
Didn't have a life shroom on final so I was just happy I didn't have to reset at all KEKW
oh ok thank god I can bypass 2fa on the paypal site with other security shit
I can change my shit fine now
That's certainly a way to describe math with 0
Ok I know where the person is from now at least lmao
Paypal says they're from denver if it's not vpn
at least your money is safe now
Yoo Phantom! How's the mega maning? phanto274BLANKIES
i lost like 15 minutes to forgetting the whale was a thing before super boots
then lost another 15 to forgetting there was an item behind sushie
power plus was 1 BP KEKW
gypsum is close enough to cement and is used in food
so in theory you could drink it KEKW
all good! hope you're doing well, thanks iceblueHey
dang, i didn't know this game had my love life in a program
is that the thing from the memes???
Hey Siri, how do I unfollow the streamer
you'll be playing this soon enough, Ice iceblue3
wait, is there a dedicated joke button?
once you install the humor program the L button for hints becomes jokes
ok that one was actually pretty good
how many of these are there iceblueNotes
"wanna hear my impression of a PET's grandfather connecting online?" *dial-up sounds*
i, too, can make awful jokes <.<
twitch rpg give me a survey yesterday
apparently its take 45 days to give me the bits KEKWait
yeah it takes a while lol
we have a quote on our channel from when maddy played this YEARS ago on stream
"Why did I trust the Scotsman?!?"
like Willy's rant about Scotsmen from The Simpsons? iceblueLUL
FlamMan looks like someone tha'ts gonna get fucking wrecked later
the only reasonable thing to say when burning to death
said someone who was trying to burn our house haha
that is totally not a bad guy Kappa
As someone who's never played MMBN before, why were you just called the Hero of ACDC
huh, Match seems kind of hot headed
That guys picture just screams "super good, definitely not evil, dude"
Oh and that scene does, too
Do you guys not leave interactions cackling to yorself?
@AudioBlood ofc I do, it'd be weird if I didn't
How long do you think it took humanity to get over jacking in jokes?
Oh wow, what a surprise, very unexpected!
I came in at a tense moment!
Huge shock! I never would have expected that!
Weird how it made the news before the family of the victim was contacted
totally didn't see this coming  OOOO
I can't believe he was actually bad
i can't believe the fire, heat and burn data was all a ruse!
If something makes fire, it also makes water?
I have matches around here somewhere, lemme see if that works
meanwhile, looked like mom was watching a cooking show
water that can make fire...Is it vodka program
The only combo I remember using in this game (I think it was this one) was the sword+wide sword+long sword one cuz it did a buttload of damage
As a kid my plan was "cycle chips til I hit that" lol
not even a fire virus lol
I should replay these games. I don't think I even played 5 or 6. But I also fear the random encounters will just frustrate me
I remember hating these parts because I didn't really do a good job of farming up elements so it was akward grinding time
that your battles don't take 69 years to load
i'm honestly tempted to turn on bustermax and use the patch code for attack 15 in mmbn4
i just wanna 1 shot shademan
The worst part of this shit
Is I can't play kof now
Because I can't matchmake without discord
what happened? @RavenFP i wasn't here
I just made another discord as a backup in case I have to switch which I really don't wanna do
Discord support hasn't responded to the ticket yet
But I like had private servers just for notes
oh shit hopefully you get it back
Yea they also got into my paypal too but I got that back instantly b4 they could do anything with it
Idk how they got into paypal through it but they changed the 2fa for it
that was some pretty copied damage
peepoSitWTF I hate writing previews, you always have to bs something if there's no demos and just trailers
also hate it when a zine gives you a list of games but don't provide any of them
"we're not a gaming magazine, just write us something nice and pls no harsh critique"
"we don't want any strong opinions here, we don't like that"
they basically want a PR text with a bit more volure
but I gotta take what I get
about 2/3 in or a fresh game?
Ok I had ohrocks add my new discord acc to the old server so I can tell people I'm alive and make a new server lol
Surely someone complained about this during QA Kappa
@RavenFP guessing i should leave your server then lol
I mean just blocking the main acc for now is prolly the best play
I'll fully resume everything on that acc if discord support actually helps me out here
I did just post a link to a new server inside the old one tho
Just to have to swap to as soon as ik if I actually can get the old one or not
Adding people back will be annoying at first but I wasn't in a terrible amount of servers
I just want my fucking notes back
I also had ascii weed mario in there
omg i block the wrong account OMEGALUL
Phantom don't you have friend requests fully off
It let me send one on the new acc LMFAO
oh it actually is named Bass. Not even Bass.EXE or something
the door bell sound like my local 7-11 store
did you manage to get a GRABBACK K
Nah, KillerEye Virus chip goes CRAZY in PVP
W so big it's going in the W folder
Oh yea phantom whenever you're done tn could you go into the mwsf general chat and tell them I got beaned
Cause I had DM's on there
Not being able to kazamsCatglubhappy on the new acc is killing me
Going all the way to Mistman/Bowlman?
I hear Ratty omegas cuddle up to you more than these guys Kappa
theres 4 next to the square in under net 3, 3 in 2 and 3 in 1
nostalgia got to me, had to buy this :)
Do you know what the best Omegas are? Alpha Bug Omega and Scuttle Omegas
Those lovable Dominards are so lonely that they have To try and hug you Kappa
I see you Accepting the situation is amazing LUL
Invis, rock cube, Airshot equals the Rock slide advance!
I thought he was on the way from where you came
Ah yes! I was just talking about ratty
Lets ask a Dark Lord for help.
They join the ranks of mister206Gombidious
Just like Alpha Bugs are awful
Oh no. The omega Bees! They are the worst LUL
but its enjoyable since at this point, they Devs didnt think there would be another BN LUL
until BN4 was in the works as a new trilogy out of the 6
I think its a good idea LUL
Is the hospital comp entry point fork beach area
you need the hose code to break the cube
congrats you are now ranked 10 which means you will eventually be an elite 4 member Kappa
Yep. S is very frightening when you area lock him into a corner Kappa
Shame this is the last time we seen him
Real strength is driven by BassGS my man Kappa
Good thing every game had an optional guidebook you could buy with your copy Kappa
I've been streaming BN to my non-BN friends since the collection came out, and they won't stop calling him "Chode"
You should have told me "do you have any idea how little that narrows it down"
Watching you run around so much makes me think, god I wish BN1 had sneakrun
I wish Sharkman and Skullman Didnt die after BN1
I'm playing the series for my friends in order for lore reasons, and wow BN1 sure is the first entry LUL
Dude did you see the tweet from the BN director recently, it's hilarious
He said, paraphrasing "wtf MMBN1 is so hard! Who balanced this?! ...oh, that's right, I did. After I beat FireMan, I'm moving on to BN2!"
But it gave us one of the funniest "first date moment" quotes of all time - MegaMan isn't strong enough to break this ice!
It was a good run even nicer Freezeman
The game should end with Jim saying Who the Hell are You?! LUL
Just set your Back plus B ability to lance like in BN4 it makes it a lot easier LUL
Yeah the other path in under 2 leads to 4
Wait will that Condor take Chisao off our hands or is it the other Condor? LUL
I am thinking I should call myself Chisao for PvP that way I can see how many people bail immediately LUL
That slope you see next to you is where you go
They made most navichips multihit, so I guess they felt it was a little busted for Standard falcLUL
I like the implication that MegaMan can't just jump to the left
Yeah! We have the power of friendship, god, AND anime on our side!
More importantly! We have the power of BassGS ready to use anytime
I always felt we got scammed, we never saw "regular" copyman
If this was network transmission then I would be afraid LUL
Just pop in Roll Soul and win. What this isnt the anime Kappa
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude reslly
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude reslly
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude reslly
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude reslly
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude reslly
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude reslly
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude reslly
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude reslly
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ok. keep bulying me, im a fking nobody its whatever i kno im a fk up and i kno everyone hate me in here. i try and bring hapiness to everyone but theres only so much a fking foxxo can do before he fking loses it and im close to fking losing it. Their is not anyone who like me here and no one had a crush on me when i ask last time and you would not understand how hard it is to live lonley sad and depressed like me so fk off dude really
ITS NOT BOTS WE SWEAR ITS JUST DAD
Wow that was a close one
by bowl i dint think of bowling...
no problem, was playing some pokemon unite
Is this a good port or did EMUGBA do it better?
You are almost done the scenario actually aside from Drillman Soon
Because you waited 17 years since BN6 and this is now your time?
god I loved this series as a kid
cant wait for iy on switch
@astr0id101 This is better than emulation imo, they replicated the RNG perfectly and all the code has been native translated, honestly it's kinda magic
There are some minor quirks they may or may not fix but honestly great job
Oh no they said Voldem--- I mean Serenade
The power to defeat Serenade Area lock him and win
I always got mad they baited us with "Navi costumes" when the anime got Cross Fusion
One more joke and I WILL end your existence as you know it
if youre unfunny again i will kill
I just realized they're heating the water with the waste heat, that's so clever
really love the way this game looks
This kind of sounds like Rocket hideout music
Megaman Bnet 3 is amazing. Postgame is amazing. Def my fav game in the series
I wanted the font Japanese and Chinese got, they scammed us with a SERIF fonf
Congrats! You combined Giga Drain with Ice Beam to make Giga Freeze!
His is the drill that pierces the heavens
at least your charge shot its him LUL
Unlike all the Elec cust fun from TeamBN last night LUL
Yeah GroundMan is cool and all, but can his drills rip through *space?*
They were all elec, I was going to ask why but I guess they rolled for it intentionally
Hey, that's not true! Lan is *11* get it right Kappa
Actually they didnt manip so Elec followed by Heat is what you get
Why is the most meme Navi in 3 the most ass to fight
Your true battle starts now Kappa
Does his fire not follow you like flame tower? emerldNotes
My objective in my BN3 playthrough is going to be "Get all MasterStyle chips as fast as possible"
It's kinda like download chips, but feels less cheaty!
Don't worry chat he's not throwing, he's charging Muramasa Kappa
What an E rated video game this is
You won't get away with this, Dr. Robotni--- Wily!
BN3 was the first game to make me cry real man tears
There might be tanks on the streets but we can't be late for school!
just got laki go mode LUL
I do love how the hacker went completely dead when glenn asked them if you were involved with the videogame
Also apparently discord didn't kill the acc until like an hour ago
So they just decided to stop
does this mean u got ur account back ? @RavenFP
YEa I probably shoulda done @ everyone on the other acc since people blocked the main LOL
oh well most will see anyway from server activity
I forgot how much fucking damage Yamazaki spits out
With just basic combo into poison super > otg
Cause the poison won't ever scale
how did you get most of your chips to be *
Oh really? I never knew that
Did you already beat the whole game?
Fair. Is this your first run through of this one?
I recently did 3 and 4 so i gotta do 5 and 6
(waiting on 3rd person to speak with me, hence why I'm here)
why did i never think of that lmao
Cant you just use a loc enemy?
I hope not to bother but do you think you could use combo with fire,water,grass,electic at some point?
I want to see how the animation looks now
so i may have started a search into a potential mod for this game in particular
namely to fix the faded net look from endgame
so they're looking into it lol
apparently they, uh... overestimated how much denuvo protects the game
Lol im glad im not the only one who does that
so it might be doable. we'll see
also i've been enjoying BN4 casually. won't lie i'm doing bustermax for the first playthrough cause duo is horrible first run but after that
imo, Duo's just horrible in general but according to Phantom, I just suck at BN
duo is bad first run because your maximum attack power is minimized first run because you only get the weakest chips but he has so much HP to get through
later runs you have access to better chips
your HP is also minimized compared to later runs cause limited HP memories
yeah that's someone who's good at it
wait, are Buster MAX runs gonna become a thing?
like i get you're used to someone who's good at the game but that doesn't discount the struggle of those who aren't lol
i ain't even talkin' about him lol
that just means Phantom has to crush Duo whenever he plays through BN4
okay i'm sorry i brought it up
it is absolute fact though that you don't have full access to every HP memory and powerful chips first run. because BN4 locks those behind later runs
that's my point, all the other bosses are hard yeah. but you also have full access to all chips and health and stuff. duo you don't have access to all that til the third run
wait, can you miss HPmemories if you don't grab 'em all before another NG+?
true, but the HP memories are still limited
iirc BN4 does a silly thing where BMD/PMD rewards are linked to how many times you've found it
so if you, say, don't get one til the 2nd run it'll have the reward from the 1st run, but the second time you get it on the third run overall will have the second reward
so they're not permanently missable, but you would have to do extra runs to get everything
and while BN4 has the Normal, then Hard, then Super Hard for each run, after that it's always Super Hard
but i maintain that due to having access to your full arsenal by the time you hit Super Hard, it's actually the easiest difficulty
also my first 3 souls were Aqua, Wood, and Proto
Amazing panic theme on the background while you casually use the chip trader LUL
nothing to worry about, just chip trading time
reddit skip may be dead but SHAKE GLITCH LIVES ON i hope
shake glitch is the funniest thing
What chip are you looking for?
All I know is that you can still sacrifice a dark sword against Shademan for proto Soul to double charge a dark sword LUL
actually i was wondering... do the retro chip traders in BN2 actually work here
BN4 sneakily introducing ProtoChaos before it was a thing in BN5
that would also lead to no darkchip penalty right
you know what i think the funniest thing to come out of the press cycle for this was?
@mirby_studios yep. Its a real thing too only for that one scripted dark chip fight
Music is fine here, see nothing's wrong
world in danger? side quests time
eguchi going "yeah so you know how panic music persisted in BN6? yeah sorry that was me didn't realize whoops my bad lol"
All these juicy big style points
it was a planner on the game
but yeah he got lost in internet 1 and was going to go to BN2 once he beat fireman lmao
Admittedly I only played BN6 but I have no idea why you killed these weak enemies by doing thechip combine thing
Now you just need a cross fusion proto with element sword Kappa
Okay I hit the Google, didn't realize the PA system existed I don't think LUL
Barrier 500 is a great PA Kappa
YO! You have the legendary Guard *
Somewhere right now Jim is smiling upon you
Its our good friend Alhpa Bug
yo is that the D-REAPER from DIGIMON TAMERS?!?
Its not hugging its sucking the life out of you LUL
seriously look at alpha and then the d-reaper and they look hilariously similar :P
@mirby_studios you would be correct about that
i remember when this game was still coming out and alpha was still called Proto because people were still using the JP name lmao
if alpha reaches full power just throw a shake weight at it it'll be fine
alpha's one true weakness: exercise equipment
If alpha reaches full power then you can always let it absorb Chisao and everything will be fine Kappa
Chisao is a fate worse than Goombario LUL
i'm going to design a navi for chisao
Did you pick up the legendary folder back!
this is what i was talking about
i discovered something disappointing in BN4
Have you tried an ad blocker?
bugstop does not stop the bugs from the Attack15 patch card lmao
let me do 1500 damage each shot without repercussions game
twitch ads are minus on block. it is too late for this website
All the way to the end of Zoo comp at 4 Kreygasm
The streamer got so lost that it exploded!!
hiya, are you in post game yet?
Does botw hundo count as reasonable Kappa
Have him Learn DK64 runs Raven Kappa
hey that's not the REAL bustermax
Someone needs to play tetris more
who else is remembering this plastic game from their childhood?
It doesnt matter what bug you have for bug style does right?
Why not move up every thing and put the pink at the bottom
smh my head we need a bug that just makes you explode
what happened to your bugfrags :P
Make sure to cash out before Turning over the 3 tomes
Theres 100k Zenny at stake LUL
yo is that THE DOCTOR LIGHT
oh i know that i've beaten all the games multiple times lol
and remember, all that radiation was not enough to prevent him from having kids
they should order the madrinas mystery bundle. that could be anything, even a boat!
Why not just call up Yai and get a rocket ship Kappa
Show me those big baIIs baby
you can only use the statue after the third time
You need oilbody for magnum in the tank
I forgot if its magnum 3 or 1 you will get but its in there
Secret area has magnum 2 is all I know
Saves you the chip grind later I guess LUL
so you know BN1 when the cars crash into each other?
You can get some custom only chips at Scilab next time you swing by with oilbody LUL
someone took a clip of that part and just captioned it "Tesla" lmao
sunayama needs that hat more than ever, it covers up the massive goose-egg from the PET yeet
But you got a nice shiny Magnum 3 W LUL
also i need to point something out
the fact that yuichiro leaves the hospital to keep working shows that lan being a dumbass is hereditary
Why is Tora the only character without a chin
Tora is a real Bro man
maddy and i have a joke that mick in BN6 always tries to be relevant but fails. so he should just stop trying to be relevant
Mick had his personality and soul removed is all by Chisao Kappa
like i looked at the mick patch card and it's terrible. not even his patch card is relevant
dex is too fascinated by the human body
but yeah the fact he's Cossak is why i just say he's russian cause to me he'd be the same nationality as in classic
YO! Its guy who created Bass before they Alpha absorbed everything
they were even gonna make a BN Kalinka but didn't
I can't believe they played around with this idea in BN3 and then never did it again
i love that they had a rule for navis to not use any fabric in their designs... but intentionally broke it for bass cause he looked cool
the happy net music is such at odds with this scene
This takes emotional damage to a whole new level Kappa
No no he's the fat one so that makes him stronk
Look look he did it he said the chess thing!!!1!1
If only you had the power to slide like Speedy Spin then this would be fast avoiding the sentries Kappa
"We need to sneak past him" Also him "GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
Is this legacy collection or OG?
Some of the patch cards are better than buster max lol. I'm doing a bn6 playthrough with patch cards and it's so easy. But I'm slowly grinding to make a folder for ranked
i'm also excited for people to get there
i want more people to experience how fun the Count fight is
just wanted to let you know that there are a TON of MMBN recs in my YT feed right now, and I haven't even watched one of yours
Since you're in a WWW com, I take it you asked for Yai's money- I mean, help
Also just a heads up, there's no "save states" but pressing select > return to title screen > continue game takes like 2 seconds. For some of the annoying stuff like these sentries (if you're not going for some kind of challenge)
it's k, I'm just sitting in my namesake (Chaud == 'hot' in French)
Chaud just doesn't want to owe Lan. Again.
i mean you're not wrong buff00n
in the protoman scenario in BN4 chaud keeps saying he owes lan for helping and lan's like "nah just making sure we can fight each other in this tourney match"
Chaud is for sure a friend LUL
cause he knows chaud doesn't like being in debt
Chaud is the dad Chisao never had because he would put him down without hesitation Kappa
Gotta get that Magnum 1 Kappa
Want magnums? Go to the drugstore.
If only they made you fight them both at the same time
Mr match is the embodiment of Thirst and Kreygasm
All thats left is.. Drillman Sadge
You can move metalman with the d pad
Hold A and move him around yeah
ah so thats how they did it all those years LUL
especially not in the very next game
Match is just immortal, I guess
I just realized. Even match and his redemption Arc is more important and relevant than Mick LUL
WHY'D THESE FUCKERS EVEN COME IF THEY AREN'T GONNA HELP
so much for the "ALL-NEW, ALL-DIFFERENT, GUTSMAN"
you lost to gutsman? i'm leaving
lol Im glad I jumped in on metal man
I was pleasantly surprised by randmeteor when I beat him yesterday but idk if that works with your folder
I heard after someone uses one, the shakeweight provides taxi fare.
Meme it! Out weapon lv+1 in the line, max out charge, and fill your folder with air shots and gut punches
Womp thanks for humoring it though lol
OH NO ITS THE D REAPER
I hate to leave on this, but it's dinner. Good luck! I'll check the vod later
ngl totally doing bustermax on alpha lmao
i've beaten him normally before several times, i can cheese my way this time :P
yeah that's why i'm gonna bustermax when i get here lol
maddy just uses guts style here cause rapid fire just melts him lol
I had to fully change strategies when I got to him yesterday lol. I threw my whole folder out the window for 100+ damage alphabet soup. It made me feel like a total noob but it kind of just worked \_()_/
no there's a clock on the wall
i mean i guess it was sent right to the PET
and here's where i cried my eyes out when i was like 13 beating this for the first time
I got belated birthday portillos with my mom kazamsCatglubhappy
My mom also handed me 125 bucks so that was cool
C'MON LETS GO. AS FAR AWAY AS POSSIBLE
dinner is at 7PM. apparently his dad is such a dick that he doesn't even let chaud eat with him
Lan sure has a way with women huh. LOL XD
chaud's like "wait megaman was human? that cheater"
gg that a pb... for the switch version
Is this version gonna be good for runs at all or will OG just be better
i like how he is about to go to 6th grade, which doesn't happen until... BN6 lol
then again i guess you could just assume 4 and 5 take place in early 6th grade and lan transfers to central city halfway through the school year
they only say he's in 6th grade iirc, don't think he says he's just starting it
no way, i can't believe mega man didn't really die forever
great, just when i get home
now i gott watch fuckin color splash
bn2 is a p good game
I just use the lists for Twitter and follow a bunch of artists to make sure my TL is only art
Also got big payed so tomorrow if I make it in time to deposit, enjoy your 20$ and definitely not a little more
@ohrocks I saw the spaghetti shrimp you made and I would totally eat that
It's Spaghetti,Shrimp,Meatball, Chicken and a blend of tomato and small blend alfredo
Btw Raven did you see the new Touhou that got announced
Plant made a good RT appear on my TL
Its the first new vs Touhou game since Touhou 9
It plays like those puzzles game where you send stuff to the other player
Also Marisa is a cat girl now
What I hate about the its joever image is that people cut out the bottom text that said joewari da which was hilarious
Me and the homies hate PG skip
have no fear mirb is here
i like how i said hi and punk redeemed first
YOU SIT ON A THRONE OF LIES
I retract my first and give it to you Mirby phanto274Mash
speakin' of punk you beat his ass already?
fun fact: punk is the only one of famous's navis not designed by a fan, and was instead designed by inafune himself
i know EXACTLY where collect is lmao
you just mentioned the wily wallcomp and i was like "ah he's going for collect cause postgame, gonna need to go to the corner by the boat"
also i beat BN4 last night... well game 1 at least. started Game 2 and got NumberSoul
that leaves... junksoul and... i forget the last one in blue moon lol
also you joke about numbersoul but having 10 chips to choose from ain't bad lol
yay my purple dye is in
i mean it's easy to get back here lol
You can't disable Cust style temporarily?
Are you trying to get a specific code?
TREZ says CrsShld3 C is also chip order
You can temporarily disable your style in the Mega Man menu, and then re-enable it after you get the reward you want, btw
You can move 3 times to lower your rank by 1
And then after the 5s mark, it lowers again
Since you start at 9, those 2 things should be enough for a 7 rank
Nah, you just did it in under 5s
Counters only work to raise rank in 6
The sound of the start of the encounter sounds like a pokemon cry from Gen 3
The 5s mark is when the custom gauge passes the M, if that makes sense
Flinching also lowers your rank, so yeah
How long until you get twitch partner?
I love trying to get chips at specific ranks :)
Idk how much unsolicited advice you'd like
But if you're going for Z-YoYo1, you can use one of the extra folders on Hades Isle instead
i need to get to Game3 in BN4 so i can actually do postgame lmao
CONDOR? isn't that what attacked chisao :P
Indie showcase tomorrow surely they'll say silksongs release date
i can't get those commands working
i do the inputs but it still does a normal slash
use a finger for a and one for b ?
you always gotta save twice after getting something you've strived for for so long lmao
good aesthetic but i do like BN4's undernet. not just because undernet6 in it is just BN2's Undernet 2
HolyPanl E. excuse me i think it's spelled HolyPanel. will these typos never cease? :P
sorry on mobile it sometimes messes with with what I said
you think they get rid of these requirements to get the bosses or make them easier or am I thinking of starforce  ?
need bugfrags? just hunt for dash Gs again :P
they really couldn't make this any easier for people ?
have you ever heard of a car having mirrors on the inside of the door
here's hoping they get rid of these stupid requirements for the starforce remakes kappa
the only one i've ever 100% completed was network transmission lmao
that was a fun one. especially cause you get the infinitely fun HENDECTUPLE JUMP
YEAH MOST HEROES ONLY GET A PUNY DOUBLE JUMP. MEGAMAN EXE GETS THAT. PLUS NINE MORE JUMPS.
seriously they couldn't just give us a shop or something to buy the things we need
I looked up what pokemon cry the encounter sound is similar to. Lombre.
i saw a clip of this fight where someone managed to steal THE ENTIRE FIELD lmao
phantom's just so tired of this he decided to go right to hell :P
in starforce you need to use specific cards to get s rank in some battles not sure here though ?
s rank has a rng mechanic ?
this stuff is making me regret less and less wanting to use bustermax for endgame lol
well guess i will just librarycompare lmao
thank god this is only a thing in BN3
the best you can do is put the chips you want in slots 2-5
due to the sorting algorithm in this game
orange188Love orange188Love orange188Love orange188Love I hope you're doing well Phantom!!
guessing if ur attack hit when he on grass he will heal
@blacktiger51 tbf, if Phantom had a " Wood " element Style, he'd also get healed for standing on grass
did he take damage from "warping" into the RockCube???
it's weird having an actual jack-in screen
ngl, I'm not crazy about the entire being drained of color.
I'm finally working my way towards putting pokemon box on eBay. The recommendation eBay offers is to do an auction and start it at $1050.
Average selling price is $1,700. I'm wondering if using the recommendation is the right move here or doing a buy it now. I hate this uncertainty.
At least you got a shiny Magum 3 W and not have to hunt it after magnum 2 Kappa
Plenty? You got a 100k Zenny from the tomes LUL
You are a rich boy now LUL
You are bug frag rich Kappa
Yo! Gutspunch C from yoka is OP Kappa
Now we have B to buy from the man himself
Did you get lava ball yet from the hallway Next to the virus breeder? Kappa
How do you feel about the gamecube pokemon games?
Even cheating fails the quiz Kappa
Now you can do the barrier 500 advance
You can always have Chisao come steal your PET and execute lifesword like the anime Kappa
It really is because of PvP early game Kappa
Now this is a favorite PA of mine
Evercurse and bodyguard PAs are fast hitting and annoying to dodge
yep evercurse os a counter even from a Buster shot
Geddon 2 plus evercurse and body guard without your opponent having air or float shoes is certain death
I guess that they're way of saying "sorry you can't throw 4 FullCusts in your folder anymore"
@Trevbonk that before or after Snake spam?
if only you had team style then you could have more than 5 mega chips Kappa
Bug style points override all the others so you will have it its a question of which element?
the right right , cant be the wrong right PrideLaugh
can but only imagine that gamefaqs stuff can both be real easy and horrific to try and depuzzle depending PrideLaugh
@pethanct01 but what about the southweast or northweast, which weast is the one we need NOTED
They put sf2 (not turbo) on nso
I mean all sf2's are ass
But turbo is the better of them lol
it'd be better if it didn't cost $40 for fuckin SF2
for an extra Ryu / Ken
I just know it says pls in the bottom right
So it's a cry for help I think
Why's she staring into the controller like she's in timeout
there's also weeeeee in the middle
Imagine having a stroke and your kid thinks they are getting money
my dad didn't even leave me a message, so I guess her dad loves her a bit more than mine
I saw q-bert in the background
I called for a Lyft, not a fuckin' QuizMaster
So he just wanted her to die looking for it
nice twitch me and my friend was talking about Wendys then i got a add about it
TV station from the 10 chip trader? tippiThink just was curious and started a lil google search - other things mention it being possibly found at a bugfrag dealer for 90?
dunno whether that overlaps with what you got open atm
I barely know these games exist and tried some of them on DS but got confused quickly 
Numbers are the hardest enemies to kill
I hit the bullshit nakoruru combo in a game I'm happy with myself
ahhh yes u got the water
my 1st fave though is fire but the grass is broken
I was gonna stream but then I looked at my steam profile to check something and saw the trails background
So back into trails I go
i have to wait until July to play more trails
yo phantom, so I got elec cust first, traded that for wood shield, then I just got my 2nd style and i rolled wood cust OMEGALUL
so I have 2 wood styles which shouldnt happen
your second style will always be a different element but the element is rolled when you get your first style
Ive been exploring, before I left netopia I went to Under6 didnt know you could do that lol
anything that is fun = legal
the background is a little strobey lol
Woodbug was my homie for thid
and bugs effect you in combat like make you worse?
Like you can have a 10 chip selection
i think I understand lol thanks
The easiest place to grind frags is ACDC 1
I kept Bug Style for the trials to make it easier
Ratty omegas are the most fun Kappa
Man these virus gauntlets are fun. I miss these from when I was a kid
Kind is wish you still had aqua cust right to avoid slipping on ice Kappa
Ooh is this the seed from my race with Audio?
They also said they were going to redeem it
What fresh hell are we about to witness?
Ok who got murdered in toad town
That music for coming out of the pipe to start is perfect lol
This seed isbgoing to be explosive :-P
Half the squad in 5 minutes, wow
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your seed phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
4 partners and 6 minutes in? Let's gooo
I'm always interested to see how top players move through the same seeds I play. I think I also went 1 first and then fortress but I did ch 1 before doing lower toad town
Is it a blue key seed
4 partners in sphere 0 that's crazy
Yeah! We get to see how much Phantom beats us by!
I hope it is, for the fact he didnt pick up goombario.
3 partners found in 11 minutes? Looks interesting so far.
Peach's Castle in the belly of the tuna
true, we found the lad and pahntom just skipped him
Hes not a player for the people.
I wish this cutscene was skippable too
So the tuna went from Peach's Castle to Bowser's Castle after you helped him. Coincidence? I think not.
Is it the same reason as the pulse stone being placed with the atmospheric sounds continuing the full amount?
I wish you could sell badges in this game?
Did you already buy the one in Toad Town?
Im curious if this seed will remind Phantom why he started playing Minish Cap
I also was hoing for a letter nearby pre-desert
I LOVE the murder mystery for toad town. I laugh every time LUL
This just feels off for Toad Town LUL
Maybe you'll find a letter on Mt. Rugged
You may have to go back anyways to turn in the letters.
This is one shady desert LUL
"Shady Desert" has got to be an oxymoron. LUL
Curious which chater you beat first. It will not be the same as me I'm pretty sure
Yo we selling keys to castles
I put Pokemon box up last night for auction and I already have a bid for $1,250. I may still do the idea I mentioned a few weeks ago where I find a way to buy crosscode for you to play. Not sure how to go about that though. Im at 68,000 channel points and havent 100% decide what game to force upon you.
Oh wow, sorry about the wall of text
Did Risch switch controllers with you? Kappa
I guess my main concern is picking a game that would be boring to viewers.
Controller said "we're going this way"
2 for 3 stones in the desert. Fitting.
I can see now why Audio sent you this seed. The toad town murder theme LUL
With a name like Audioblood, the themes most commonly heard in this seed should make your ears bleed.
It's a Toad Town Murder Mystery
you're going in my exact order so far
Typical gamer move. Blame the controller
We've seen a fair amount of ch4 stuff for no Bow
I like how the Boos have that on record and play on the regular.
The train theme is funny here
This theme does not fit the sewers at all LUL
Also, who threw Shy Guy's Toy Box in the sewers?
The sewers are not a happy fun place LUL
I also partially redeemed this just so you could experience the forced immediate double desert to ruins dip
Desert is mostly vanilla so far
I sure hope this is a blue key seed
Or if you hadn't taken whale
If only there was a mod to remove the yoshi kids and or prologue from seeds phanto274Shrug
No not the Yoshi kids. FallCry
@scrambleddragons I have seen too many things that they have done the worst being forcing mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
Why does this theme remind me of Earthbound in the background?
I know there has't been a lot of options so far, but you've done exactly what I did up to finishing yoshis. Just... faster lol
I did split up toad town and went to merlow after ch 2 but the rest is the same
Free the Goom, save the Yoshis. Is it slower? Yes. But is it the right thing to do? Also, yes
Wait where is the mister206Gombidious at?
Is there something else you can do that's not here? I think you have to find something here
He was found earlier but Phantom didn't pick him up. FallCry
Ah yes the Dark Lord have to wait and see how cursed the seed is
So what's so important in Fortress? Hmm
Enjoying your series of long distace fetch quests yet?
I knew it All those omega viruses desensitized you last night from that fetch quest Kappa
The annoying part is that I just hate "well, it literally has to be this check I guess?" five times in a row to strt a seed
How is Paper Mario treating you today orange188Comfy
I think I did bombette but skipped pit
I had a seed yesterday where there were plenty of options but the only thing leading to progression was anti guy. Didn't have toy train yet either so I wasn't naturally gonna go there. So it ended up being last location
I'd like to oint out this is your third trip to desert in under an hour
Reminds me of the seed I gave you
just got up from a nap
Glad we all like forcing our friends to go through rugged like 5 times
It's a nice mutual circle of suffering a bit
You're the next person I send through rugged @mx_four
i don't have time anymore 
i got into gdq and then got a full time job less than a week later
Time to fight the sun pt. 2
There's nothing wrong with a flat weak ass.
that fucking sound replacing healing is so funny
Phantom bot giving me a pic 
Sounds like carnival music....in the sewers
I can hear smells and see sounds
I had weed gummies last week. Just made reality feel like a dream. No hearing smells.
My headcanon is that Goombario died in the war and all that remains is his ghost to help guide mario.
btw maddy got gutsman scenario in BN4
I'm glad this is a "hate goombario" community, I feel very validated and welcomed. orange188Comfy
Ones red and the other is blue
either way chisao is the worst. fakes being kidnapped just so dex can win not realize dex would rather forfeit himself than just take a win like that cause that's cheap
Goombario is the best partner is prologue.
oh obviously there's only one correct choice here
NOW you can get to 7 :)
only one version lets you fight roll and get rollsoul
Not checking the item behind the block?
Do you think it would be worth it to fight Super Blooper for the ch3 shortcut?
I hate that fire enemy so much
I still need to learn a lot of those "tricks"
It's okay, you can call them cheats.
I mean I wouldn't say good movement is a cheat but actual glitches yes
Why couldn't it be the Ice region
I'm tired of Peach moment now lol
4th key does something this seed
How many times to the desert now? Lol
I missed it and don't remember
I know I left ch4 for later but I think I went to beat 5 without dipping 7
I think I went 4-5, no dip to 7 yet
I also had like 300 coins when I went to ri and bought him out
Lol all the desert music in the jungle
How long do I keep this Bow badge
Pls be longer than 1 month
i just realized dex is playing street fighter 2 in BN4
yeah it's the character select screen
i mean it's capcom of course they'll reference an SNES game for him playing SNES
and since chisao is there they pick a 2P game
This whole theme for this fight does not fit LUL
Ironically the Koopa Bros fortress fits here
I had to step away for ~20 minutes, seems you made a good bit of progress
The only thing you mightve missed in 20 min was an lp fight probably
Dealing with some wild weather in my area atm
that fight was only 20 mins?
Far enough to not be worried but close enough to interrupt the radio
Tornadoes are one of those things that I think would be really cool to see but I do not want to ever actually see
what do u mean you have boo portrait and warehouse key both just in laki cloud
Oh man Final Bowser music about to be a joke
Interrupt the Koopa Bros with... the Koopa Bros?
i like this new threatening toad town
How many ch4 bosses are on your hit list this trip?
it's just confident in your victory
TFW you blocked too many Shy Squad hits
lightning did like 7 or 9, it was terifying
Question, was this a seed audioblood made for you?
Blocked w/ D-Down, base is 9 at 7-scaled
You can't get stuff from the shop rn though
Isn't this seed fun Me an nsingman got so lucky
Clearing 7 in one trip isn't the worst thing in a seed like this
Would be nicer to have go mode first though
What are we being treated to after this seed? Are we going for ice cream?
Not needing to do checks in 6 could be interesting
Then again, there's always a chance the 2 things that could be in 6 both are
That sounds like something, but not quite.
I'm thinking Tubba + Ruins probably
I guess there's one in 6 too
All of which you'll be passing by
2 whole chapters behind Ultra Boots...
Of all the items left... papeHands
doesn't help that's 1/3 of the item you need to finish!
So now that you have options... which do you take first?
I love when you get to bully CK
Oh no! the moles have spread!
So you've had 3 Ruins Keys + 2 stones for 2 hours and the last stone is go mode...
Wish I had 10K more to redeem a seed
I wonder if they'll let me roll the weekly Sunday (mild snicker)
only if you could borrow 10k from me KEKW
Let me put it to you this way, I'm known for rolling utter trash in Metroid Prime 2 weeklies.
I spent too many, only at 81.7k atm
I'm just here all the time
I at least used to be here all the time
Oh yeah, PapeRaces should be back this weekend. Oh i'm defo gonna try and ask if I can roll a race seed
We'll see if I can maybe catch the restream FOR ONCE
I can think of 3, I think?
Imagine diamond tone being go mode after having 3 keys, pulse stone, and the other 2 stones by like 30 minutes in
We found Goombario in the first 10 minutes LUL
For a seed that seems like it should've been wide open, instead you just were forced into exactly one route basically
Did you have anything left even? 4th ruins key I guess?
Unfortunate that you turned around right after finding Warehouse Key ig
We also both turned around when we found warehouse key
How can you not, 7 is next to you and you can full clear it
Well, I hope you enjoyed my seed and the 4 trips to desert it gave you. Sadly can't match the 5 trips :(
You know, this one ain't too bad
It was our 2nd seed of the day, I crashed with no save 35 miutes into our first
Thinking of running a pred for phase 1 final PB cap...
okay all in on 3 AAAA
What are the typical odds? Trying to figure out how to word/choose options
ooh, nice palette for the princess
Gamba up for first PB cap: 3 vs 4+
hopefully someone enjoy my 2k points
@blacktiger51 do another, double or NOTHING
And what a fitting jingle KEKW
Defeated Bowser, no big deal, same amount of fanfare as any other battle YEP
It was still on the slower side of seeds for you, Phantom, unless you're just rusty
nah this seed was just bad
yeah, lots of things really seem to just be speed. I'd say the top 10 behind you guys make the same choices you do, just slowly
Almost all of Flower Fields and Tubba's Castle
The only progression in 6 was the bean which was on the way to the machine
same. I'm only trying to finish my tourney rounds and I'm taking a break
is the heart there in vanilla pape?
thought I was crazy for a sec
wait. I'm confused. this is... Zelda?
ah. Well GL if it's a speedrun
Stick around for the Zelda festival.
sorry blacktiger, I thought I'd be helpful. I regret it now.
you weren't kidding about 1 NiceSoftlock
I'm running 15 minutes on a 10 minute category - you can't be that slow
still playing, i just finished the elec man dungeon
i can't believe they let that pass
it is definitely a first game in a series
BN1 is Capcom fumbling around in the dark
BN2 and BN3 are actual video games
a solid first attempt at a game with some serious what the fuck moments
the jump from 1 to 2 is actually insane
Is Freezeman the scenario with the absurd amount of backtracking?
it looks like i'm close to finishing 1
Are you on running commentary or a game by any chance?
it has to be a trinitron or something fat if they're making a point about it
When is the charity gig you are doing?
Is it time for a softlock?
Wow u actually playing minish cap, no Cap
oh Hi, my fev zelda game
Looked like a really solid fight all around. PB?
is this the only game link start hat less
skyward sword as well, and it's yellow for those that are wearing it at the beginning
Red sun has Search soul! Who needs number soul anyway? Kappa
So when is your duo omega run expected to finish?
I voted and didn't have time to check the version differences phanto274Smile
I hope Red sun is good LUL
Guts, roll, search, Torch, Wind, and thunder souls are red sun
Metal, wood, proto, junk, aqua, and number souls are blue moon
what a nice young man she was
okay game you didn't have to get that real that fast
It sucks you have to clean out all the blue mystery data and locked mystery each run before moving on to the next run
"it's just the same data day after day it's boring" duo: ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT
oh shit this game is Armageddon
So Phantom will be done in 2 hours LUL
it takes more like 3 to clean out the mystery data and what not with chip grinding all the V1 chips
hold up cant make breakfast cuz the microwave is broken?
fun thing is starting in game 2, this is just 3 normal battles against mets
microwaves are huge in japan to be fair
How else are you going to microwave the eggs?
Honestly you reading this is reminding me how it works LMAO
I can't wait to start 2 cause I can move around the field faster
MMBN felt like I was playing in concrete
yuichiro why are you so forgetful today
you forgot to send the email you forgot to buy light bulbs
i don't think i've ever tried to leave so i have literally never seen that
it was like 2004 so uh...
daddy wasn't quite as publicly prevalent back then
remember that until mega man 11 this was the best selling mega man game of all time
You just get half of it
Dad's going to get milk, we'll have to take your place
did you know that one of the patch cards is basically Dark Mode
it turns the interface black and gray lol
it's near the bottom of one of the categories
wait so you can just use these e-reader cards whenever then?
yeah but you can't layer them if they modify the same address
Confusion and HP Drain with Attack15
just give megaman 3000 extra hp and see if you can win without healing lol
Change your B charge into MiniBomb! So useful!
that might be the most useless lmfao
my folder in this at this point is mostly BGS
also because you're doing red sun you get to experience chisao being absolute trash :P
i didn't realize that ACDC area BGMDs were the only ones that gave money
i have two Recov120*s in my deck i got from GMDs so i'm happy lol
literally just emailed my bosses asking for time off for MAGWest and they already approved it
That gate was practically saying, "You shall not pass"
hopefully you don't have too much trouble at the end of the game fighting MgaMDS
Hope you're having a lovely day!! orange188Love
I wonder if Megaman has a fake out death in this game as well.
Why does this song start like Rainbow Road?
So Roll isn't going to help Megaman, huh?
You're right, best localization ever LUL
sounds 100% safe to use Kappa
I think to specifically annoy only you
I have to level up my characters again so I don't have all level 69's in honkai anymore Sadge
lets go i have the pixel font mod working
damn and i was hoping u was gonna stream the other version of this game later
tested it and it's working in both games
I forget Chisao was in Red Sun its no wonder why people are pushed to use dark chips so bad since that kid is the worst LUL
Its the worst scripted thing in this game for Chisao
lan's mom does have a name
are you doug dendome, owner of the dencity dendome?
hey phantom want to see a magic trick?
save here, exit out, switch to JP, and reload
WHOA ITS A TAKOYAKI STAND NOW
thank you for indulging me, i think it's great you can see the unaltered stands like that
iirc the seaside town stand in BN6 was also changed in localization
okay lets see who you gotta deal with
the two finalists are sparkman and topman. sicne guts is fighting top he's gonna lose
also i guess you get stuck with ghost girl, blue moon you get TETSU
btw i was discussing with maddy and we decided that of all that "bad" operators in this game, sparkman's is the worst. like he is the most malicious of them all lol
sure coldman's operator hacks weather satellites but he didn't do it maliciously. that would require intent to hurt others, he was just being dumb and selfish and only thinking of himself lmao
Yo, Phantom. Yo, chat. I be lurking.
"oh i see i guess we're not playing then lan i'm out" -mega probably
lmfao i think they just decided to name the modloader ChaudLoader
i talked to the subchip dealer in park1 during the woodman scenario and he went WELL I JUST GUESS RANDOM STUFF HAPPENS HERE WHATEVER ANYWAYS WANNA SEE MY SUBCHIPS
megaman just delete their system32 that'll purge them
but Gabcom is doing well too
bro give me two more games and i will
that was a Zelda style moment
Im doing good chilling. Is this your first playthrough?
Chisao's the reason Dex has to lose; with extreme prejudice
"Chill Dex, no one wants Chisao. No one."
I think we should let the hostage die
this customer is pissing me off
they just don't fucking get that we don't have the color they're looking for and i can't help further
you get to fight THE COUNT
I love when you don't have something they want and they blame you personally
finally free of that fucking moron
that was the internet company in Postal 2
or was it jack in/jacked off
that's a different game than in blue moon
in blue moon it's SF2 lol
That text rendering is crisp i dont remember it looking that good
i was more meaning minor text fixes. Z-Saver is now properly Z-Saber, and AquaMan is no longer SpoutMan
Reddit skip? Why was Megaman exe visiting Reddit anyway?
it was only named that cause it was found by a casual player on reddit
do pvp with me so I can gett secret chips KEKW
im craving hard mode my dude
oh you need 3 too btw
I need sanctuary for pvp rankings
i've done it on every playthrough lol
are you doing all 6 souls?
My IGT said 25 hours which isnt bad, I didnt sneakrun much and did enough fights for 3 style changes
ill tell ya, having hub style makes end game chip grind so much better lol
Bubbler R? whoops, i put that in the chip trader lol
chisao we're gonna go to yoka and get that condor back
this time you're not escaping through
Under1 GMD has StepSwrd Q so was running that with Quickman3 and Prism Q. It was a fun build.
how does chisao know these navis
chisao was copyman's operator in BN3 all along
nah like serenade would be operated by chisao lmao
chisao wishes he were strong enough for that
QUESTION 6 WHAT POKEMON IS THAT?
Dark Lord Chisao is lurking in the shadows like mister206Gombidious
you're on an elevated platform, quick throw him off
chisao standing there cause his conscience is like "YOU IDIOT"
Chisao standing there regretting not outright corrupting Lan and Megaman
Somehow I think Chisao plotted behind the scenes with the Dark Chip
You got the guts Buster though
just press B rapidly for that sweet guts Buster
time to deal with the absolute worst person
i mean to be fair chisao was trying to help someone else at least, even if he went about it in the absolute worst way possible
terry here just does this for himself
play with the bad folder so we can see the different flavor text
funny part? You're very likely beat dude's ass regardless
i dont know but i would assume the text would be different
I dont think it would be but we can see
Higsby is not coming back LUL
sorry guys but we saw him once for this game at the start LUL
damn, the Higsby glow-up in BN5 is crazy
this part is really really fucking dumb
there is literally no reason for them to have put this step in
I just Brute forced the lock
I say fuck it, and look it up
talk to the girl in this area
that day you told me keiz got shield style i hopped in to see where he was at for like 5 minutes and today someone gifted me a sub lol
yeah you have to talk to her, you can't just talk to him first
yeah it's based on the first hint
well time to ban buff00n :P
I'll time both of you out
way to go you made the stream lag once the timeout ended
you did ask for it @Mirby_Studios
All we have to do is just airhoc him in run 2 Kappa
wow, the literal entitled bastard can't NetBattle for shit
terry literally gets himself written out of his grandpa's will all because he tried to cheat like this lmfao
disowned, removed from the will, life ruined
This is just Elon Musk getting publicly trashed by his dad
Terry was right for folder locking you Kappa
terry probably would cry if his bike was stolen, yeah
I can only imagine what evil will occur if Terry and Chisao schemed together
Your antivirus is a cute AI girl and she is bored. Provide her with enrichment now! Click here! Click here! Click here! Cheer100
you said 8 hours later, it's only been 3
also, he needs to grow a stache and beard
i WISH my antivirus was a cute AI girl :P
Better idea, what if you took a hammer to the damn thing
BN4 is a staple for its writing LUL
i like how she's all USE MY CODE TO GET TO TOWNAREA3 mayl your comp leads to ACDC1
She was a polite young man
no blue data in her PC?
phantom and i shared a braincell there lmfao
GOD, I don't care for this battle theme
the boss themes are bangers in this game tho
He didnt just destroy those viruses He inhaled the bug fragments of whats left too Kappa
isn't this like the only time in the main story that the doghouse goes off?
i know it goes off in the ending of 1 but that doesn't count
I knew Chisao was behind all this!
also what a shitty security system, it went off but they still GOT INTO THE HOUSE
Just go question Chisao Lan! Hes our prime suspect
"P.S. Lan, your build's HELLA nice. I'd cop that shit if I could."
Just use GutsThump and should go down
What is one normal Navi going to accomplish?
I do love how BN4 is the only game where you fight the Navis instead of viruses
"We stomped his ass, might as well rob 'em while we're here!"
ugh now i have an idiot complaining that the service center didn't do the full service as if i can magically do it myself
go back and talk to them about it you idiot
they have all your answers what am i supposed to do
you were already there so you know how to contact them
Interesting... the word idiot was censored
I am on Google Chrome on my laptop
I've been trying to turn off the censorship, but it never stays off.
Nebula is headed by Chisao with his second in command Regal
Can't believe @Mirby_Studios was dropping hard I's.
" I'll be back ! ! " *dies immediately afterwards*
Ms. Hikari eagerly awaits Mayl joining the family
Now you have the legendary Attack, speed, and charge plus 1!
i've been using busterpack in my setup
that plus a single atk+1 and charge+1 among a few others
counterpoint: why use the lotto code when you can download it
at least both ExpMems are in Game 1
Just casually burning through viruses now LUL
Remember shrimpy omegas from BN3? I remember
NetCrimes? Whatever, we've got a date
The omega viruses were such a great addition to BN3 that now its called the EX version.
Lan learned about " Blackmail " ! !
thats the coffin laser thing right?
lan just plug usb in some axe swinging maniac like that
make sure you have the right chip on reg Kappa
so its tomahalk man's axe that princess have XD
how early do you get prism in bn3?
i do not regret bustermaxing to kill them
this theme park rather go out of biz soon
honestly toyrobocomp3 is the funniest to me
halberd princess's animatronic? wields an axe, very threatening. wizdog's animatronic is baring fangs, very scary
so what about the third animatronic
oh i know i'm just setting the stage
i've been at max karma for 2 playthroughs so your megaman looks so dark lol
no arms raised in attack, no weaponry, just HEAD SPIN
I forgot this game had killer animatronics before Five Nights at Freddys. BN4 thinks of a lot of unique things Kappa
But BN4 set up the events of 4.5 Kappa
4.5 is so good that its never mentioned LUL
Its not Chisao thats for sure
I found someone to face in pvp, I won and now there is no one else :(
Its really a shame that you cant use proto chaos in RedSun unlike Blue Moon against Shademan.
Yep you can use dark sword to get proto soul in Blue Moon and double charge it only for this fight
USE THE DARK CHIP! THe DARK CHiP!
The dark side of the force mister206Gombidious
dark side megaman i am your father
chaud almost seems to respect lan here. at the very least he's not treating him like lesser trash lol
"Never use a DarkChip ever" he says, ignoring his own advice a week or so later
They leased the Dark chip? Kappa
Why the fuck do you know my address, stranger
that npc kid was like " MY MAN, GOOD SHIT ON THAT DATE "
I am going to pretend that Mayl received that point. Placed it there, then Lan winded up stealing it.
I just had the greatest fight ever
its so funny to see people panic to detroy poison pharoah PA
BN4 stealing your money is very funny and great LUL
Roll scenario iswhy parasocial relationships is a coined term LUL
you can manip next tourney for search soul based on the arrangement of the matchups
You could say its spicy with the tag portion
He doesnt even fight us directly and goes BN2 and 3 style on us with viruses
At least normal Navis in the tourney go down with honor LUL
imagine if virus fights happened in between
I wonder how useful Roll Soul could ever be in PVP
yo! I got my first secret chip
Just use the secret power of AirHoc Kappa
Kid me used Dark chips all the time because he was bad LUL
" single-elimination " NOT IF YOU'RE THE PROTAGONIST
gonna be really funny when megaman body him
damn, gg ez round, free bye
Who knew you were the boss Lan? LUL
why the FRICK did Lan's mugshot appear when the Mafia boss was mentioned
Because Lan is secretly a boss after saving the world 3 times
I mean, MegaMan was the King of the Undernet
He saw you because you didnt have your sneak run on Kappa
Like all scenarios in this tournament end of park 3
Did your sneak run wear off? Kappa
Always good to jack in your room b4 a tournament
wtf is a water gun gonna do
does anything happen if you turn on BusterMAX mode while using the BusterMAX program
FireMan turned around like, " BITCH ! ? ! "
Another fight kid me used dark chips for
sounds like a shitty PA from BN1
Gutsman omega but purple colored! POGGERS
Its more like Darth Goombidious and his true power
EVERY telling dude to shut tf UP
all these Navis straight up exposing their operators
MegaMan was gonna talk about that dream Lan had in BN2
Man's got his Uber ready n' everything
I booted up trails it's too late for me to wanna stream tn LOL
when you say "finish", does that excluse NG+ ? ? ?
why does this mf'er look like a Muppet
That's what the sun gun chip is based off of
My first playthrough I became a dark Navi shykopScheme
I can't wait till I do my 100% playthrough phanto274Smile phanto274Smile phanto274Smile phanto274Smile phanto274Smile
I did it all the way until I had 1 hp lol
I had no chill as a 4th grader
5 will take awhile cause of liberation mission
I'm still not happy I 100% MMBN1 lmfao
This what happens over in other countries?? shykopWhoa
the lesson from BN4 is, "don't trust strangers"
I got Life Aura from Bass faster than I could get Bomb Man to spawn
"BN4 is the best speedrun" that's..... depressing
At least the battle music is catJAM
how strict is copydmg timer in this one?
It's short cause the game is short
thunderman? you want to be cursed?
Crazy how neither his mum or dad accompany him during his travels
If his last name is Line, then everyone knows him already.
yo M4, congrats on your win
i did all the shit checks as i passed them so i was definitely going to lose if it weren't for the bean location
are you ready for it to be 39 degree celsius?
do you have all the coldman scenario chips?
hey phantom are you gonna do your 2nd half races for the league?
Probably Doug over at the DenCity Dimmadome
I don't know where it is
Want me to play Blue Moon
I'm gonna 100% the game regardless
i need more people to play BN4 on Steam
You're about to lose a hotel room KEKW
"Hey Ice, are you gonna play through both versions of the worst MMBN game?"
yeah that's why i need people to fight on steam lmao
but BN1 is the worst ice
BN4 has a better soundtrack overall don't at me
BN1 also has the worst internet ever
electrical crisis is great yet, but not great enough to outweigh literally everything else lmao
BN3s net is fine, but then in endgame it gets all drained
it goes from vibrant to bland af
looks like im seeing the mario movie tomorrow. Im not really interested but my siblings invited me.
6 has the best navicust tho, mostly due to being able to place programs slightly outside the grid lol
why do you keep opening your chip folder? does it reset encounters?
does save count as a submenu
so each time you save you reset the steps lol
also i need to get exactly one more battlechip and i can enter BLACKEARTH
and i wanted to farm a specific encounter but i searched for it for an hour and didn't get it
i did get jumped by protoman like 20 times tho
i found another encounter that could've worked but it isn't very S-rankable
yeah but you're not gonna like it
Undernet 3 4 and 6 are generally the most profitable GMDs. Undernet 6 even can give a 10K GMD (i got one last night)
you could get that back in 0.2 seconds in undernet 3 lmao
yeah i know the feeling. i was getting every PMD in each game
and it only took like 20-30 minutes of GMD farming in the undernet to get it
and i was here too. i needed it for unlockers to get BlkBomb Z from that one by the slider master
fwiw one of the ExpMemrys is in Undernet2
so it's even more worth it
then have fun grinding in low-profit areas lol
have you gotten a soul from this tourney yet?
you are guaranteed 3 souls first playthrough
35 C with ice lol devs only know freedom units?
I just got FtrSword from PVP
they had to make room for using Bass
who wants this smoke mmbn 6 Switch
Runs to tell Komari you got footbomb
Is EVERY adult in this game sketchy af, or is the animation just THAT awful?
anyone in the chat not wimp i guess no footbomb'
it's a fight to the death! yeah ok, lets do this
It's not "soccer", it's "FOOTBALL-" I mean, "FOOTBOMB"
I am only doing bn2 PVP for secret chips and it is awful.
thanks for the heads up  i appreciate all my net battlers keep  up the content
i soft locked myself from d3
oh whats this? Your oponent draw drew BassV3 and has a faster ping than you?
RNG is the key to winning foot bomb LUL
good luck speed runners im trying to be 1v1 king here
Im doing okaie glglglgl bn4 cats4eWiggle
your playing foot game but twitch says you are playing megaman battle network
also reminder that sky gauntlets arent a split
I ran a poll once in komaris stream and chat ruled they didnt know sky gauntlets was a split LUL
what soul is better between guts and roll?
calls megaman weak looking... YOU HAVE A NORMAL NAVI!!
the real world areas are so small in bn4
what does this have to do with thunderman?
nope, I havent seen thunderman yet Kappa
i heard there was a way to see opposite version scenarios
how he lands on the ground this time
i know that later sprite from bn5
NAXA? sounds like a pronoun KEKW
so lan has to fly to like 5 differrent countries... how long would that take? Like a week and a half?
travels all the way to Netfrica... can only go to a single room
Someone named jack ingkof got top 8 for kof at texas showdown
It is he's had it for a bit
The first TNS he had the name twitter was flooded with screenshots of mods having to @ him
"Plank from ed edd n eddy" is currently playing elphelt in winners finals of xrd
Can't believe cartoons are real and they're this evil
They're losing to leo right now though
They don't seem to know the matchup and that's the way leo wins in this game lol
does opening the chip folder reset the encounter timer?
that seems both nice and annoying
I took a nap before you started the tournament. Did you find a way to deal with Cold Man?
IF there is an ACDC town, is there also a Van Halen town?
The last 500 points can't come quick enough apparently.
what a nice background that definitely doesn't hurt my eyes
soccer getting me feeling like TRASH bro how can the team i support be LOSING TO THE WORST TEAM IN THE LEAGUE
I thought the teams were country based.
they playin Montreal who have won one game in 8 glennj5BONK
nah there's international and club level
international is for big cups like the World Cup and then theres leagues like the MLS and Premier League which are the "NFL" type structure
So, there are more than one US team in existence?
there are currently 29 teams in first division US soccer
on the underbelly its a couple hundred in professional/semi proffesional
Did not know any of that existed.
glennj5HYPERS its fun to keep track until your team SUCKS
Hell yeah! Welcome to the paradise of the undernet
Sounds like soccer gets shit on compared to Football/Basketball/Baseball
there was one time when meta ruler was streaming the scene happened and his stream went down. We memed about "dont fuck with Regal" he shut down metas stream LUL
Phantom is lucky cause the closest MLS team to him is actually good
Soccer in america loses to the other 4 sports, but around the world soccer trounces them easily
Make sure to collect all BMD and PMD before clearing run 1 otherwise you cant 100% the library sadly
The US is so weird. It's like we try too hard to be different. *cough* metric system *cough*
It is I, Moderation of the Twitchs, Mario of the Karter, Em of the ployed, Glennjaamin!
Nah Dad got bonked in the head by Goombario
its weird to me seeing adults screaming "jack in"
Better than the obvious "jack off"
I ran into a group called Gorillaz last night. I don't understand what they are yet, but the music seems really good.
I never knew you could press A rapidly to avoid being swept up
^ linked in the spirit of "jack in"
Lan is only 3 characters and he makes it work
Lan is short for Lanline though.
and Lanline is short for Landline
I forgot it was 420 day 2 days ago
was 420 a few hours ago
I remember when this game came out and Pluto was actually a planet back then
Lanolin is the female sheep from Garfield and Friends.
varswd takes me away from more lifeswords
How you liking megaman battle network legacy collection
bn1 on the ds was good
I wish they brought that over
In the regal anime voice: The dark chip! Use the Dark chip Dark Chip! mister206Do mister206IT
I hope the asteroid hits only chisaos house
Honestly, I think a small piece of the asteroid breaks off and nukes Chisao only which is why he is never seen again after this game LUL
Get your clips ready chat Kappa
"You're gonna fight yourself this may be har-" 'ok'
@Trevbonk ie, WILL he pull LifeSword
Hard to know if and when
@buff00n I guess in this case, it would be a DeathSword. LUL
it happened to Axl Dark soul lifesworded him and owned him LUL
MetaRuker got both airhockey into the lifeswrod death from dark soul last week LUL
Wait this guy is here to destroy evil let him live
Not sure if it weird on its own or if it's weird because of Phantom.
He'll go straight to chisao and kill it
And its a shame you cant use Dark Chips here
is that the thing buff00n couldn't kill
Duo omega is such a fun fight
game is about to get anime as fuck
And now we full synchro like Dad mentioned that could happen from BN1 with Hub.Bat
Why can't they go into whereever Megaman is and help him push?
not everyone has access to NAXA
I mean. Chisao has access to NAXA so the general population does too Kappa
And now we have a good flashback to the BN1 exhaling HubBat
lan your hands melted from the arc flashes
He better not do what I think he's gonna do
See? He was just a nice guy.
that guys name is pronounced "show" btw
truly is one with the dark side Kappa
why wouldnt you play it 3 times?
its better than half of the megaman x games LUL
But BN4.5 wasnt rushed and is more polished Kappa
one of net ops in bn4 is based on kojima
Make sure to never gig into the everlasting of Chisao YouTube
yeah I wish he couldn't speak
I am going to rip out his vocal cords
Yes Chisao is a great evil indeed
id say only do protoman if you skip 6
don't look at my message higher on the display youtube that was someone else
Heya YouTube! Make sure to remember that we are now freed from Chisao at this point in the series Kreygasm
A piece of the asteroid got him Kappa
all that said, from a continuity perspective... Chaud was an ass in the beginning, you earn his respect, and he gives you protoman. I feel like all the games led up to that moment.
I'll certainly keep an eye out for places to jack in.
Colonel honestly has the better charge imo
eh, just collect them all :)
10000 is a lot less than a million
forgot how bad guard was in bn1
bn4 leaves a lot to be desired
it said "to each such food" not eat lol
In 2004, Capcom released Rockman.EXE: Catan, a licensed version of The Settlers of Catan with the Battle Network motif.[69] The game came in standard and portable types, with the portable version being magnetic.
I can't remember but I think bn5 is my least favorite
BN3 and 4 leave a lot to be desired indeed.. Chisao mister206Gombidious
Why has he heard about you from Lan's mom? Isn't Lan like internationally famous by now?
they carefully avoided making it jack off
Imagine you were in school and you just wandered to your friend's house, walked in on your own, and strolled straight into a female classmates bedroom
Have you ever stopped to really consider Dex's haircut?
I mean. Dex cuts his hair that way to scare off the Chisaos running around and it still doesnt work
yeah that is a weird detail :)
And that statue is of Lans Grandpa
Maybe the best thing about this game series is that it just doesn't give a fuck about making anything in this world reasonable
I think I can help you buy Crosscode, btw.
Give me a heads up when it is time to play. Should be fun to see someone else to do it. I'm not in a rush, I still need to beat it as well. Almost done with it.
It's cool, that noise won't get super annoying
Why does Lan's dad know what a sleep gas bomb canister looks like so reflexively?
What is he not telling us
Its because Lans dad knows about Chisao LUL
I love that there is no animation for the doors. Just walk through them
Good thing none of them have any peripheral vision
Three days??? And he isn't in a hospital? He's got to be pretty dangerously dehydrated
Its still a crack though Kappa
Sadge no more fighting normal and HealNavis anymore
I liked BN4 for that too
Just realized Athena can do 43% off a .5 bar light confirm in the corner and it's meter positive
just did yourself of the all powerful recov 10 Kappa
i stopped myself from finishing 4th cycle cuz i was behind
but i did make it to the end
after 3 hours of first cycle KEKW
I'm still proud of u anyways morp el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo
I dont think we can enter in Chisaos names# aka sewer rat Kappa
4:3x sob tho which is hype
It can be if you believe
i'm gonna play some more of 1 tonight, hopefully finish it if i don't get distracted
It's like a cross between maractus and pokey.
Cool is this the one where you can pvp?
If it were six letters, I would guess Firecrotch.
So nostalgic im going to buy this game
wait a minute this is not bn4 Im working under old news
actually just says BN no number
honestly gameplay wise  6 is definitely the best and story wise 3 is definitely the best
5 is a good balance imo
Anybody looking to compare in bn3?
I have only done progress in BN2 in the collection so far u.u
have not had time to go at the games hard cause work ;-;
Ahh I havent played white yet Im playing blue just got to aplha
Im planning on doing campaign then go back and complete post game and stars so as to not burn myself out
I will definitely do as most as I can in BN2 before moving on top either 4 or 5
or maybe 6 so I can go pvp
All the campaigns the all the post game
Its its Colonel from Megaman X4
4 is just annoying imo hated having to do multiple replays just to complete everything
Dont say what in blazes is going on Megaman! You will make Chaud sneeze and summon him Kappa
Lan you should know you have met Coronel already
Megaman Battle Network if Lan and Megaman remembered every character on the next game
"Yeah remember when he jumped off a cliff? He lived"
"Sorry Baryl my teacher left too much homework"
Glad Lan undrstands because I sure don't.
Baryl: I know you are just an 11 years old kid but I will leave this life or death mission with the fate of the city and possibly the world in your hands
(wow somebody actually remembered Lan did do all those things)
I love protonam but team colonel has way better team
you say that but you don't have moltanicman and gyroman
coronel DOES have SHadowman and Toadman though so yknow
and Meddy gives Protoman negative points
Yeah thats why I decided too to play colonel but for the turn based missions are easier with colonels team
if only they had given us the Double Team bits where we could just, swap members with the other version
They really should have made the Style Grind much shorter
it is easier with buster max mode
Be careful because what they did was just paste over English translation on top of Japanese versions so some parts can screw you
oh yeah you need to do the golden mr prog in japanese for the django chip
team colonel way more fun back then with shadow chaos unison with darkinvis buster charge
I loved liberation missions on both games, MMBN5 is my favorite out of the series but I never got to play 6 back then
I defintely played 6 in a totally legit way back then yep yep
I disagree the most polished game is 4.5 Kappa
YOU ARE NOT MY DAD CORONEL
But Yeah 6 was where they finally got the balance right and made it good
Lan: wtf is an L or R
I would simply draw the best chips every turn
i checked out the anime for this game and the dub doesn't sounds that good
it is an old dub so yeah
the way the dub says mayl name lmao
oh that's just because they dubbed Meiru just how it sounds lmao
If only Bass cross was here to help you own him one turn Kappa
"no he took too long to liberate the boss, give him a crappier chip" LUL
"Lets go to a deserted island . Surely nothing will go wrong."
"let's go to a deserted island, right now, asap"
*cough* *cough* the beach scene idea being reused for Starforce 3
they live next to each other but didn't go home together because Lan has to finish monologuing in the park
If only there was a way to manually add Darkchips to your folder Kappa
yai with a 24/7 private yacht available at any time, just rich kid stuff
this is critical to the plot of MMBN5
"Jack me in" -A quote from BN5
200 I think? or at least they do 200 damage
rocks/obstacles were so fun in MMBN4 with Junk Soul
"so this is how the poors eat" - yai
Damn. If this was only Chisao in there there would be no need to do all this ruining around LUL
LUL how did they even end up in that situation
you're fine Dex, it's just a bullet hell on easy mode
That's what he gets for winning the fishing contest.
just GutsPunch your way out of there
Can you reg anything useful at this point?
I mean if you want to fish for rock cube + shot you can go for that but it seems kind of bad in most situations
Just need 3 Ws to make a WWW drill as Drillman Kappa
one more for a WWW drill Kappa
Now you can rebuild Drillman Kappa
I'm doing mmbn1, at the power plant, I've forgot the all the battery combinations :)
yeah I'm doing it first to enjoy all the good stuff that got added later
It's a secret that plebs like Dex without Navi's just won't understand.
There is one thing you need desperately right now.
Somewhere right now, our boy Jim is smiling upon us for thinking about Guard 1 *
BN6 brings out the legendary power of the guard chips as Jim foretold us that they possess
Regal just hasnt channeled his inner Sidious yet This pitiful little band of resistance means nothing to me mister206Gombidious
"jack into this squirrel while I stand next to you and watch"
squirrel comp is probably the most useless comp that exists - even the trash comp has a use :)
Ah yeah! Double charge those sexy Airhoc Kreygasm
just gotta use the dark chip then Kappa
pretty sure it works w/ dark chips
dark chip knightsoul is so good
man I just love the upgrade system in this game, NaviCst always felt great
I think 3's was the best
I always had the Humour chip 1x1 block somewhere because I liked the bad puns LUL
Should I get the ps4 version of the legacy collection or switch?
Dusk belongs to no one but Wiley in the anime Kappa
For Humor in this game:  End Area 4, left side of upper area, Program-kun. Appears after the ninth day.
USE THE DARK CHIP (in the anime regal voice)
I mean knight man is weak to himself Kappa
fair enough. i was too tired from work/lack of sleep for my stream
plus, crystal rando put me in a terrible spot anyways, kanto with low level starter
i debated on just doing fusion rando, but then i watched the first sonic movie with my gf
it is, but damn the second is so much better
also, i realized that the main character for detective pikachu is the same actor as the sorcerer from the dnd movie
anyway, enough about me. how's phantom doing?
i'm so close to being done with octopath 2
a huge improvement over octopath 1
I'm not done with OT2, but I'm enjoying it very much
music is just as good, but the characters are more than just archtypes like in 1
i love octopath 1, but wow are the characters mainly archtypes of their main class
so the chapters, at least up to the point where I'm at, follow a similar structure. Problem, use character skills in the town, go to dungeon, boss.
every single character actually has a tie to the main story for octopath 2
but each story is interesting, and the characters, largely are interesting
Now if we can only do that to Chisao
also, i heard about the super boss, not just the overall final boss. and i'm major excited
cause i beat the super boss of octopath 1
but yeah, octopath 2, way better than 1
morning from Thailand, i just start bn5 today too.
i actually dont know either lol, its from a game i play
tower of saviors, a mobile game
gotta go find another squirrel to jack into
a 12 year old can access a clearly abandoned and dangerous mine
Welcome to the library. We have many books but it tore chapter 6 out of all of them. Please feel free to look around and one more thing, make sure the village of kittens suffer. Men! There is word of an attack on the village of kittens and we are not gonna let that happen. Come on! Open fire!! Nooo!! Not on the kittens you muppet!!! Cheer100
Lan is 6th grade in this game so yes 12
He literally saved the planet from extinction in 4, so he's earned some leeway
BN 4 he 6th grade right, and then time froze just like pokemon
Bn1 was 5th grade and bn2 was summer vacation lol
is thatg a chargin' chuck from super mario world?
Lan and megaman battled gridman in the intro of the movie, but he was operated by famous' assistant from 3 white.
megaman is lame when are we getting giga, tera, peta, exa man.
I wonder why gridmans code is F Kappa
I tried playing strive millia again
I am once again fully reminded why I'm playing jacko
Do you only care about autorun?
Look I don't need escape chips
Also that dealer doesn't have autorun on DS I was pissed
Escape chips are great for post game
I was max level and still couldn't run
It's weird they changed name to powie
I only like quake cause heavy stamp has such a silly animation
Can you reg copy dmg now?
I think I'll play protoman first
Friends HP, and doghouse if you wanna go out of your way
How does it feel moving from the trainweck that was 4
How much dmg does thunder do?
5 is very solid but I like 2 3 and 6 quite better
Dark invis was a lotto code?
@andyizhaq trainweck? that was a masterpiece  Kappa
@blacktiger51 Im just saying if you want BN4 but actually peak play SF3 tbh
why the fuck doesnt megaman jump
when's the bn 1-6 race with me?
come on, it's only like a 18 hour stream
Hey Phantom! Stream was good, did a seed and got a new pb which was cool! How's your stream going? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Gregar and Falzar are legendary Pokmons that somehow ended up in a Megaman game you cannot convince me otherwise
Losing the only reason to fight them
at least its not BN4 bug frag grinding Kappa
I mean. It was 420 day a few days ago so of course they are still half baked Kappa
golden clouds give golden showers of viruses after all Kappa
Just use BN2 bodyguard with him Kappa
I am having some flash backs seeing this GMD and fight
I mean Muramassa is a cursed sword so it makes sense it can cut through the dark chip LUL
Yo! Its such a great chip thats its worth getting it in the library  Kappa
Sniped from behind 360 no scope
some chips can only be found from doing missions like this which I was not a fan of when going for 100% as a kid
also can i just say that pride's look in BN5 is incredible. looks so good.
so what was your last soul in BN4 since i had to leave early lol
i need to find someone with steam red sun to trade me navis lol
Helps that Pride and KnightMan are better people / characters than MagnetMan and his ass of an operator
look as a tomboy i can appreciate her look
Welcome to why I hated liberations as a kid LUL
Not being able to charge your folder without knowing this guy is a back column Navi
You just need Nebula Grey to summon is all Kappa
knew random stats about the game, but couldn't even get what the opposite of sweet is
same, I would have said sour
what in the world does any of this have to do with a new world, lady?
Good. I was doing bn4 100%
I have half the standard chips and im making the preparations before I finish game 1.
i was thinking 2 was the one you speedrun but it was 6 OMEGALUL
my plan is to 100% bn4 and bn3 then I can go to 1,2,6 then 5
Binkle can trade you the mistman chips. he runs white
I will play the alt versions because achievements are tied to them
bn5 patch cards will change nebula grey omega forever
for bn5 Any% free bugfrags is a win
along with free zenny bn5 is now a happy run instead of a miserable one
ch7 first, last item to clear it was super boots
who roll the seed? was its gil
youre amazing (as long as you eat frosted flakes of course)
brb im watching ads i love ads sm
@blacktiger51 i know a tiger by the name of Anthony maybe i could connect you two....
more translations should confuse instead of connect. variety is the spice of life!
Colonel was READY to square up
" You gonna leave a bloody METTAUR for ME ? ? ? "
what the H is that emote
I thought that was the 1st gym leader from DP for a sec
there's a new flavor coming out on the 28th
Just bought two Gorillaz albums. These guys are really good.
I stopped at my dad's and uploaded the CDs into his PC and he was into what they played. He liked the song that featured Stevie Nicks.
There is a thief among us
whats your setup to record gameplay? if you dont mind me asking
oh goodness im out of the loop sorry 
Don't worry, I stepped out of the room and have no idea what the comments are talking about without context.
WHAT!?!?! You've never heard of grains of water?
worst part, I think encounters can trigger while you're holding
I think that's a NaviCust expansion.
I agree. That'd make WAY more sense.
we save magaman later spoiler Kappa
So, they knew it was silly in BN5, but kept it in BN6 regardless
Lan sees a plight, Colonel sees opportunity
That's BN6 takes MegaMan away almost every other scenario, I stg
I think its cause I have sneakrun bugged to gett navicust programs
top cornerr is a key there
i never remember where the other key is lol
he more annoying than shadow in bn4 for sure
nope, i just salty that he moon shot me every time XD
oh phantom, I went into hades with fish and got iceball. I removed fish and before I left the comp I got another coldhead encounter lol
Good Luck, my dog will never give into regal
Regal looks SO much better with the beard
I can't explain, so I'll explain regardless
ruins key 4 required too. great seed
you gonna get ship comp revisit outta the way?
yeah I compress mine too, except for sneak run
for some reason you cant uncompress in 3, and sneakrun being a 2x2 can creat issues
you take an invisible path in end area
I think you go down the first ramp
did you remap your buttons on switch?
I pause-buffer'd my brother outta habit / reflex in PVP. He was understandable irate
hold change and pause buffers feels awkward
no you need to wait for 6 to use rush
@Axl_SR that control has seen some WARE
you can get it right now
you just need to go to your favorite area
at least I think he is there now...
Higsby really dipped outta saving the world to simp
its one of regal's agents wearing the gas mask
its funny at the beginning of the game when 2 guys are at the scilab bar waiting on each other. BN does that gag all the time
There was concept art of Gow for BN1
its the dog statue i think?
if i remember from when i was like 12
I dont wanna say, wanna see you figure it out
ill say if you want me to
crazy how that doghouse was there since bn1 and now they do something with it
dont forget the HP memory on the roof top
I love that everything in the MMBN world has the absolute stupidest names
no worse than BN6 using "Aqua Rum"
The game only had 6 hours to be developed, something had to go, and that something was letters
Shout outs to JP Kellams for translating 6
mmbn7 because of how popular the legacy pack is ???
There's a roguelike that plays like it
I refunded it before 2 hours were up
Yeah, it's not very satisfying as a roguelite
we need more BN style cut scenes
I'm not a rougelite man. I've tried.
I am a roguelite man, I really enjoy them
As much as I like Hades, I don't care for rougelites
Slay the Spire, Monster Train, Hades
I speedran Hades for a bit, that game was so good
I will absolutely be streaming/running Hades 2 when that comes
you want a hidden airspin 2 B?
that's kinda why I can't get into Star Force. It rips out most of the stuff I like from BN
I just miss how much fun I had playing these games as a kid, I should really consider buying the pack
you go up some stairs and jack in a wall
noita is not a game I enjoyed
I'm never a fan of "part of what makes it cool is you can do wHaTeVeR yOu WaNt" games though, so noita was p doomed for me
Yeah, its a pretty sandboxy roguelite
i really enjoyed dragon quest builders
I liked the DQ:monsters games though
I gotta get back to yakuza 0
talk to it after you jack out
You just jack into the wall randomly? Man, definitely never found that one as a kid
im gonna hate playing BN5 on here. All these different comps are messing with my head
the comp that took me the longest to find was the fake tree in ACDC
cause its required in last scenario
pretty sure there's nothing stopping you from jacking into the tree rn
Imagine if his dad just put like a shitty meme or something at the end of this to prank him
Lan made me wanna own wheelies so bad
oh, you didnt do early key skip
I do it before saving knightman
talk to wall by that navi
still not as bad as "one of many birds"
Didn't they get like 6 weeks to make and localize each of these games?
JP said they only had 3 months to localize BN6
jack into the doghouse! .... wait....
You're supposed to yell it phantom
thats the only time they mention Mayls parents
i love the, this building will never prosper
I always forget to do my folder edit here
soul link with dark ship hav any downside?
my favorite komari clip is dark mega rockcube into darksword
I didnt know about that cutscene
totally never seen that coming Kappa
all my notes have is "Talk to Baryl"
higsby try to get trophy for joining all crime group in the world
you already got that HP memory LUL
Imagine not having a map unlike the DS remake Kappa
YO! That GMD is a legend
I cant wait for bad joke time
Do you pause the game to help you line up your Lance shot?
so when you use kunai it multi hits, with widsword range but not the middle panel
ohh i hate this part so much as a kid
Kendo man become a childs play
you love to see it lol
Imagine losing here in a run
we get to see the bonus comp
do you have any interest in bass cross?
you can talk to prog to reset
Imagine having to go through BN5 again on Team Protoman Kappa
bn2 has guard and zapring which isnt bad
i dont think bn5 has any required chips
WOW 50 Zenny for your troubles
Just use the Dark chip Kappa
I like how they try to make the dark chips enticing to you with the sound effects LUL
so aquaball maxes at 999, it does double damage to napalm man so he was left with 2 HP lol
you got the encounter then turned around
So if you use the wrong chaos charged shot, does it still use the attack along with spawning the dark mega?
Did you know that area locking a boss and then dark drilling is an instant GG?
hiya, just been lurking all day lockecLeave
I am proud of you using the Dark chips. Such power cant come at a cost Kappa
Convoluted puzzles are the best Kappa
Did you remember to add sneak run to the Navi cust Kappa
Perhaps This is Chisaos doing. He is an evil overlord phanto274Smile
imagine click pause while holding A on GBA
Theres Toad man scenario, Dark colonel, and then factory
@axl_sr We never mention Meddy Kappa
he still hasnt played bn3 KEKW
I'm doing good, about to get some lunch .. how are you today?
doin alright, just got finished full clearing bn1
its....an experience to put it lightly lol.  time dump mostly
I'm hyped I'm here at the beginning, I never get to catch the early parts of stream phanto274Jam
or the ability to enhance the spawn of the navi
I just woke up and heard dog island
I tuned in as you were just talking about it
Dog island do have an underrated OST
Honestly good programming and that should not be altered
LIBERATION!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it! Childhood right here!
Same lol. This game was my best friend right here
please, glide hasn't been useful since BN1
friendly reminder they slightly redesigned toadman so he could have more facial expressions in this game
this plot is making me cringe
DEX BEAT HER UP SHE STOLE GUTSMAN\
step one: have a 5 oclock shadow
so they made alpha AND soulnet before settling on what they have now?
you know they really should've made the visionburst be the BN1-3 layout lmao
I'm going to have a nap. Despite the allure of scent detection
find the dog buried in the backyard
perfect timing, muted for nap and ad about to start :)
I got Red Joker, DKC2, and complete in box starfy
Move pixels down, and either pixels left or down left and you're out
It took me awhile first time
I don't remember the line up
You can check komari pb, it's before saving knightman
Sorry I'm in car and not home
I always did down first myself
one of the best lines in BN6 (which has quite a few) is from a kid using that model
Dipping out for food, have fun
you see a kid with fries and you get hungry
jesse what the fuck are you talking about
oh sry the sound of music lol
oh sorry that was completely obvious
Will he tell the dog or regal about mega mans demise
me when maddy goes to bed
that was like an 8 step one lmao
i can't believe megaman just killed lan three times
i love the humor program's usage of dark megaman to be megaman when he's a dick
like that adds so much and helps convey the intended tone
i will ALWAYS find it funny that they took another character from legends for baryl/barrel and went "hm lets turn this old fuck into a cool middle-aged guy"
okay so make sure you have Secret Power then look for bushes..
DAMMIT WE WERE MAKING THE SAME JOKE
i prefer the place north of Rustboro you have to surf too
red joker copy as hall mega and standard carrds lol
you can have 2 files lol
but i may still erase anyways
thats a weird way to spell swallowman KEKW
YO WAS THAT MEGAMAN SAYING HE WAS BORED
no, Lans PC to banner to end of end area 2
I put in my 2 weeks, and my boss made me count 900+ items of one product. There has to be some correlation there.
Also, h'ullo, chat and Mr. 5800
Also hello how is bn legacy collection
there were some quality jokes in it axl
After LarkMan leaves the field, hold B and press Up, Right, Down for LarkDrive to instantly remove the target's barrier or aura.
no idea but now you knwo larkman has a command code
She's cute, but I won't say "hot"
that "huh" made me think it was higsby LUL
"i came back from the bowels of Hades" yeah Hades Isle is pretty well know, there was a tourney there even
toadman you have a ranged attack why didn't you use it
there i posted the face in memes, phantom
he is freaking 11 years old
this guys says "I need the following BN1 chips" and he numbers and lists 51 different chips LMFAO
wow i didn't know you played as the dead cells protagonist in this
20 of them are navi chips lol
like there is literally no reason to trade chips in bn1 or bn2
i still want the secret chips you get from trading navis in BN4 lol
bn3 is different like for example to get ElecSwrd P you need to trade SonicWav W, but SonicWav W is only a drop in White
WHAT ABOUT NINTENDO 3DS NAVI CHIPS
Are you willing to revisit ship comp now you have SneakRun
i had a bunch of really dumb customers yesterday and yelled a lot
i feel like superman with kryptonite. just really weakened
someone asked for magnum1 A for tomes job in BN3
And I pulled one from a trader last night lol
does the flame being on MegaMan's head do anything, or is it just there?
i just downloaded all the megaboy maps from gamefaqs lmao
the card's ACTUALLY just Yai's allowance
its so good you could run this game Kappa
Must be real nice that every Navi can use Dark chips Kappa
This looks like something kind of cool to do on your first playthrough and the would suck every time after
Must be nice being trapped Kappa
I feel like the busting might get tedious
i like how the other enemies were like unique designs
but bladia is "what if we took swordy... but made it BIG"
Bladia rhymes with a certain something Kappa
My eyesight has been stolen and replaced with ads
If only we had Meddy so we can sideline Toadman who is worse Kappa
Ah thats an interesting DK amibo
Colonel, this is for your own good! DRILL ARM
and isnt it great that we have to go back and do the liberations again for worse chips for library completion? Its the best Kappa
The pixel character portraits with the normal looking text is off putting lol
This is perfectly normal  from people
Says the one who looks like kirby mountain
OOOOOH, THE KID WHO SUDDENLY HAS A NOSE FOR HIS PORTRAIT WANTS TO TALK SHIT ? ? ?
How has it felt to play all these battle network games
Honestly BN4 is the best followed by BN1 Kappa
KEKW everyone knows that its a tie between 1 and 4 for the worst
4 isn't the best but i personally think it gets way more hate than it deserves lol. still not a good game but not a horrid abomination
"everything i say comes out negative" hello depression and self-deprecation
" BATTLE " is that what they're calling it these days???
Dark Mega come to me Kreygasm
you're getting Double Teamed by Mega Man DS in Battle Network 5
like why doesn't everyone do that? just punch the operator instead of keeping it to netbattling
one of the most random out of theme comps
random yeah, but I'll be damned if this song isn't a banger
just pull up the map since this is DS version Kappa
hand over those cookies, RIGHT NOW
We can just throw Chisao over
It didnt exist in BN1 or 5 and certainly not 4
Are all 6 games originally on GBA?
Wow, they really shat these out fast.
not super high-end graphics that take 3 years to make the engine for
Steve IS lame. Who is Steve?
Knight man talking shit like hes Bass when hes not even close LUL
i'm still cackling at dingo ready to throw hands
Hes more like bass the fish rather than bass the instrument.
Honestly Colonel and Proto souls are both good but It depends on your strategy.
Although I am not sure how useful Colonel chaos is
Pffft! These EX viruses are even close to how fun and powerful the omega viruses are in BN3 LUL
and whats the point of those guys again?
Yes, random choice as someone would say.
I wonder why they never made one for the DS or switch. Overload on GBA?
Perhaps this collection foreshadows a new one?
If only they made a Starforce legacy collection Sadge
yeah and they'll find a way to make it work
surprised they havent done legends yet
Legends really needed a third one
You have more money than that LUL
Its like they made 5 take your money from you more than 4 Kappa
This scene is so much better without Meddy
when did this become kingdom hearts?
"i'd like to but my data isn't in this version go play the other one"
Higsby is going to evolve soon Kappa
Dark number is good multi hitting things
did she not raise him for one year?
took a year long break from raising her son
The last year was the first 4 games
I hear you generic Navi. Chisao is a master gaslighter
Love how Colonel shows up for all of 5 seconds in Team ProtoMan, yet I'm supposed to be familiar w/ him and Baryl in BN6
I think team colonel is canon
Team Colonel FEELS like it's canon
Lan / MegaMan know Colonel WAY too well in BN6
They even had dialogue in 6 when you meet Dingo again like you already knew him
we need to laugh at wily's dumb mustache
Jedi academy and Diablo 2 resurrected
Is this the game where the find out megaman is the soul of lan's brother or something?
BN happens cuz Wily and Light f*cked
yeah that's the twist at the end of BN1
Ah, ok. It's been a long, long time lol
And full synchro is mentioned then too and isnt seen until BN4
it's seen at the end of BN3
True but in terms of a mechanic is put in 4 Mirby
i mean it's also not a mechanic in 1
Honestly they should have made full synchro a mechanic sooner in 2-6
Is the name of the mountain an anagram of Nebula?
I feel like more than 7 people should being tackling this entire base
I mean this version, has. An assassin, trained military colonel, a 5th grader, Dingo with his tomahawk, Pride, a TV announcer and Frickin Hisgby to use his Yum Fu LUL
Even in a secret villain base, Mr Prog is still a goofball
So, Chaud gives you DeltaRay, right?
LETS GO BUCK WILD wait no wrong series
How did the race with Gil go?
@Trevbonk i pb'd hard i'm stooooked
tyty, sorry i didn't mean to come over and celebrate but i'm stoked haha
Dark galaxy? So its true Goombario is a galactic Emperor of the Dark Galaxy mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
Dusk straight up kills the guy LUL
of all characters to mess up the dialogue / portrait with, it would be Shademan
Oh FFS, why didn't I think to pause buffer Chaos strikes as a kid?
how did you trained him to face a black hole?
Did you forget the repels again?
I was just about to ask that very question
There is a repel subchip in this game, right?
Riiiiight, it was a NaviCust program in this game
RPGs are weird. They are filled with battles everyone wants to avoid.
(I only played 3 and 5-Protoman on GBA
Whats the difference between going with protoman vs colonel?
i never understood why the put random encounters in a game with out exp
All the navis, huh? Is Roll ever useful?
it's a major plot point even
roll gutsman and glide are kidnapped right at the start of the game
Instead of Coloniel/Shadowman/Tomahawkman/Numberman/Toadman, you get Protoman/Magnetman/Gyroman/Medii/Napalmman
Napalm Man sounds a bit intense.
He is. His base megabuster is a vulcan cannon
Nope, Knight in Coloniel, Magnet in Protoman
They were too weak to fight the plot.
did you just get a run away with toadman?
seriously who would stay and fight if you get nothing out of it who at capcom thought this was a good idea?
are there any insist runaway chips you can equip
may want to equip recovery chips to heal
The area seems to hate you too.
The has come. To give into the power of this universes greatest evil. Chisao
Other things between versions, the darkchips you can't unite here can be united in the other
I like how they force you to get them too LUL
I've been asking myself that question for 15 years
Regal forgot to dust that room. Look at the size of the cobwebs.
This game is atrocious for Grammar Nazis.
4 is the best Bn game after all Kappa
One of these days y'all need to install a jetpack on that navi
My money is on blizzardMan winning
number man not so much LUL
Darkchips were made from serial killers, got it.
We see it and do nothing to stop it
Chisao is the reason why Darkchips exist
You went Karma mode it seems
okay i know chisao is trash but you're kiiinda overdoing it with the "chisao is the root of all evil" a bit. not every single thing in the games is chisao's doing lol
Does using dark chips without chaos unison make you more prone to emotion changes?
No, but it causes permanent -1 HP each use and causes weird things at 0 HP
ah right. I forgot how difficult this guy is
I got the last 2 secret chips traded to me, I can do hard mode now
Oh yeah the hands are the worst
Doesnt he cancel out chaos unisons too after a while?
Maybe if we tell Phantom that we believe in him, like Lan did with Megaman in that other game with the asteroid, maybe Phantom will win.
the guy who made yellow devil also made this boss kappa
Maybe its a tier above 1 but 2 tiers above 4 Kappa
The encounters here really are a sick joke.
You could got for the PA build with Dark Number
Buster Max is worth it for Bn5
good job that was kinda ridiculous
hub looking a lil too nekkid
also, iirc, i literally did not defeat nebulagray and just stopped playing
it just spams attacks that are super fast
did Lan ever return their PETs LUL
The game forces you to get them Axl LUL
he got them but did he return them
@axl_sr hes going FalzarSP for fun Kappa
gotta get all those achievements Kappa
sorry the end ruined it for you
atfer you do 6 is the rando seed i gave you next?
there was a song you wanted to add to starting soon but I dont remember what it was..
yo gl on the run oh wait
i just know there was a song you wanted to ad
This BN1 title screen looks off somehow
yo that logo looks clean AF
you will the the cross menu then
you can turn the filter off can't you?
they redid the navis in the cross menu too
you're in BN1 category btw, unless my twitch is just being weird
that explains why I suddenly got more viewers when I did BN1 metaru1Think
oh I still hate that idea
I didnt hate it, but im the outlier i guess
there's several cutscenes here in fact
I didn't know Dolphin was in our class
well, it's not Dolphin probably, but same sprite so let's pretend
this is the exact same dialogue as when Dex was moving away, except with different mugshots
they couldn't fit the car sprite because they had to fit in ms mari's
oh right, Mari sends you mail too
i have no idea what anyone says in this game
I like how they kept in the slow woofs in English
but the tutorial is the best part Kappa
the e-mail notifications are also two textboxes
except for the one after megaman gets a tummy ache for eating a dog
I just saw you "I cant even" LUL
*holds bee* it buzzes and stings!
really weird seeing English text in this game
Man, I love the improvements they made to presentation. Portraits, NPC designs, Battle sprites are just top notch in BN6
Glad they went all in for the final BN game
"Your Mayl is in another castle"
also, Hi Phantom, chat and YouTube
this is a nami stream LUL
@axl_sr Blue MD portraits go hard
almost as hard as Purple MD portraits
you could still get WR I'm pretty sure
Some more battle network gaming for tonight
oh noooo.... my free gifted sub to Phantom has run out....
time to pay for one yourself Kappa
chisao gives full energies because his mere presence drains your HP and he wants to bother you for longer
who's "her"? I'm listening cuz I'm at work
imagine getting arrested cuz you forgot your student ID
mach shouldve let lan be to see what he was made of lol
that was a nice energetic greeting he says curdle1Wheeze
"I'm Lan Hikari! I saved all of your lives at least 5 times already. Nice to meet you!"
can you grab that reg up with megaman?
i mean when you use the copybot
I like how Mick's navi doesn't even have a name
lol your tags say "GBA" and "RealHardware" KEKW
I imagine this guy has a real WWE commentator style of speaking
last time i checked the switch is realhardware
my computer is real hardware too Kappa
No worries, MegaMan. 3D Printing is a thing. And in time, robots will take over everything. Kappa
Here's a game for you, chat. What sprites in this scenario are reused from BN4?
The text in this game is something else
Mr. Prog(s) are just like that
Oh, this is the one you speedrun. I wasnt sure.
"Mr. Hikari is my father!" *drum roll*
What tf's Mick's compensating for? He's like, 12. At most.
Hes angry that hes not the famous Mick.
Yo lan hittin the good shit? DOUBLEWEED
I have been playing new honkai all day while vigorously contemplating my character crisis in kof
There was a HUGE bbq going on at school.
My current 3rd slot characters lined up are Yuri, Heidern, and maybe O Chris
They all do what I want and efficiently murder you on 2nd slot
I got to pet a dog
English VA's are wack for a lotta chars tho I installed japanese lol
He made a good compression algorithm, he was watching silicon valley
It's going to die of heat
A speedrunner trying to go casual is like asking to defend Micks  usefulness and character development Kappa
Cant believe the biology teacher has aids.
I was about to say, who bring whole entire fish to school?
Why does that penguin remind me of Shiver Citys Herringway?
I will remember to back up my data so j dont lose the packets bor
Skipped washing hands went straight to jack
hey you didn't wash ur hands
I doubt the Navis being attacked are as bad as Mr Proggs being straight up killed and warped in BN1
Its totally not a terrible power causing net quakes Kappa
I forgot the true power of crack shot
How could they leave us in suspense over what that battle technique is?
I always thought everything was adapted to Falzar so we get to see the fishing expedition Kappa
The most busted cust ever thinking and going outside the Box
What did he mean by that
Goddammit I did every sidequest to get something unlocked earlier and then when I got to that part it says I have to finish the story segment first 
There are ducks chilling on the roof of my house.
Ducks are ducks. They just fly around and land where they want
Acting like they own the place
Lan is waterproof hes fine LUL
And now the orca drowns him, game over
just digging around in trash lol
" You're not the 1st person to say they'll beat me in a NetBattle. "
I guess King K Rool finally stole DKs bananas.
they have big, fish sized feeds into public waters?
must have the same manager as that zoo...
be kinda wild if it was an accident
either the penguin or the turtle i guess
Well you did miss an alligator lol
aligator's are actually pretty lazy and won't really chase you
Love to train fish to take commands from music
That owner is screwed since he is in the alligator cage.
Oh right I forgot about the copybot
I am having fun watching this FalzarSP run Blackbeard Kappa
Who calls their Navi died man? Kappa
Does hitting L reset the shark cycle or what's the cheating part
This model kit was definitely an import; the "stuffing" is japanese(?) newspaper
I did love using Heatman lots but that's probably bad LUL
one of the later scenarios in gregar has legit one of the most self-aware lines in the series
and you're probably better at using fire than the idiot in BN4
For once they did say it
it's a reverse of BN1 where chaud goes HOW DO YOU KNOW MY NAME and it's like you introduced yourself 20 minutes ago bro
D E M O N S
C Y B E A S T S
I just realized that is a DS on the windowsill.
y'know, they could've kept these doors back in BN1. Where they fuckin' belong
Needs to stop HeatMan, only attacks with Viruses Kappa
HeatMan 100000% would've called him a bitch if it wasn't for the age rating
HeatMan lost, but damn, he took it like a champ
Gotcha..... Crazy idea, what if I pressed it anyway?
Even he's disappointed it was Mick and not Iris
They really said " what if we gave MegaMan a Devil Trigger for BN6? "
This is why I dont remember using many chips KEKW
So that's [ OMITTED ], right? Not [ OMITTED ]
.... throw both Roll chips in the chip trader .....
bold of the game to assume I've been paying THIS much attention to detail
The world isnt that big anyways
I think this is where I stopped playing last time because I didnt look something o and forgot what to do
MegaMan to [ OMITTED ] in the epilogue "He's YOUR problem, now!"
Should I save for something rather than spending all the points in making you drink?
Oh shit I dont know if I knew you could do this
Oh that sounds like a funny category
Im trying to remember but I dont think I ever fought Bass
Different from a DA which tries to win as many cases as possible and put as many people in prison as they can.
first was the Tree of Life. Now it's the JudgeTree
I know I had a strategy guide for this game as a kid, now Im wondering how much of the post game it actually tells you to go through LUL
Lan: Something about that vagueness and level of dickhead-ness from that dude in the coat felt familiar...
Wow, defendant was not even given council or opportunity to defend.
Ace Attorney came on in 2001, and this in 2005.
You could've snuck in an OBJECTION
THEY WERE IN A COURT ROOM, FOR PETE'S SAKE
Might as well have fun with the game, haha
Grams, huh? We measuring drugs as well?
Is this one your favourite Phantom?
are you gonna do bn1 and 2 at all?
The worst grammar mistake I saw tonight, watching you play is the word youre instead of your
Im glad Ive seen bits of the others now, will make getting into them easier I think. Was a bit worried theyd be a little slow after only playing the last game in the series
The roads just go off into a blue abyss anyways.
I guess he gets to face the tree of injustice
Okay this music makes me think this is where I stopped last time but I also dont see anything that would get me stuck so far so Im wondering what past me was on
Zapping is that this games equivalent to torture
Wow, this court system is pathetic
Dr. Hikari: Whatever you have as a punishment, I can guarantee you that it's nothing compared to what Nebula did to me
Oh nice, too bad the prosecutor couldnt think of that.
Mick has to feel superior to something.
This part of the plot is insane.
Yuichiro: It'll be fine, I do this every Thursday"
I've dealt w/ REGAL. Y'all ain't got SQUAT on HIM
Maybe I didnt talk to the door
Now Im going to have to boot this up and see where I got stuck phanto274Smile
Im an adult and that makes no sense ahahahaha
Odd, he gets punished for saving everyone.
"Oh, that's your husband?  I'm the one who put him behind bars, nice to meet you."
Is this something you would do in a run?
Nevermind, the cafe comment indicates no
I wasnt sure what he was crossed with aside from Beast.
Only if you do it first try
I had just started the Gyroman scenario when I stopped
You picking up charge and erase?
God DAMN the renders for the cross art are soooo clean
How goes the Falzar grind Kappa
To think you don't get that in 4 or 5 because the souls system doesn't tab up
Who needs chips when your charge attacks are busted LMAO
Seeing Axl do BN2 hard mode was very inspiring. Seeing how they made everything a masochists dream with forced virus fights wiping the floor with you LUL
Instead of mettaurs as your first fights you face dominards LUL
Its quite the experience early on LUL
Good thing bn6 hard mode isn't that tedious to get to
300 HP airman? Nah lets make it 500 and you die in 3 hits
Mick missing  his swords is why he is amazing LUL
Just bug everything because you can Kappa
That auto heal was tempting to me as a kid
Wait thats not Falzar! I want a refund Kappa
Its amazing how getting all crosses helps
Oh thats not actually that bad
You should do that next run LUL
Not going for it in the races Sadge
Its our boy with the sword!
Its not like we know that legendary blade
i like that they even cloaked the navi in this for "mystery"
Mick is just remembering how he missed his sword LUL
I finally got poison mask S to trade for it but it took forever. I hope 2xHero is worth it
would you ever try hard mode?
I may still have my file on VBA RR LUL
it was before I switched to bizhawk
I'm going to lurk for a little while. Hope you have fun
a bn5 emote!? does this mean....
I'll have to watch the vod NotLikeThis
is so weird the cross menu got new renders
on my bn2 file I missed 1 reg up but dont care to find it. 49reg is enough lol
invis3 * is 48 so im good
oil body is in the fan to lube the blades kappa
Lan just needs to learn to let it go Kappa
you better not skip this cut scene
This cutscene. With the jump is worthy of the dab mod for this moment LUL
how did that chip trader get there?
Reveal your true form! Is this persona now? LUL
KIPIRIRI PIRIKIRAPIRA... PIPIKIRIIRA KIRAPIRA PIRIRAAAAAAA!! Cheer100
Seems someone missed a BMD back there Kappa
Back on the ground level of comp 1 or was that just Zenny
good thing you went back for that Kappa
You even shows chat the cloud skip LUL
The power of Falzar is amazing
is one of them Lan's dad?
To think Baryl went from A team to D team hard carry
Wily is explosion proof after all
moonstone? Do we need to evolve a calfairy? Kappa
Did you check the shop at mt moon?
Or use a moonstone to learn more PSI like Ness Kappa
whats the hint to hind her?
A Mr prog in the open cell
do you have to talk to him?
Wait did I just see Darksword as a giga chip?
He would just end existence as we know it LUL
that was lord beerus as a net op
Lets see what the TV says LUL
did you talk to the tv?
Tv Makes a great thumbnail Kappa
So I guess this guy cleans up all the corrupted Mr progs from BN1 and dying ones
its a shinigami!! Well, to be fair the english voice of Lan did Light from deathnote lol
What is Assassins Creed doing in BN6?
Just use good old sword attacks Kappa
Oh right, I forgot you could cross the cybeast with the Navi cross
what does erase cross give you?
4=shi and shi=death, hence the deathnote 40 second rule
his chip does break damage but doesnt remove slash cross though
Somewhere Jim is smiling down upon us for obtaining all those guard * chips
Hear me out: Speedrun marathon where it's only Hamtaro games, called Hamtathon, and each time a donation is read, they read it using the Ham-Ham dictionnary
sorry guys, I was taking classes
FeelsStrongMan to hear the original theme
it would be more causal if you didnt sliprun LUL
kinda wild, once we got this collection iive had no urge to play paper mario lol
has it been hard not to speedrun?
Will be found and examined real good there Cain LUL
Ah yes using Spoutman as the game intended you to
Its totally like Chaud doesnt exist at all until end game only for postgame Kappa
swag talk is so easy in 1 I've been doing it for the entire game LUL
wow you need to do 1 next
i try playing soul hackers 2 after not playing it for half a year i can see why i dropped it game is bullshit
this bullshit boss fight fuck this game... for tonight
speaking of xenoblade I am most likely gonna try to get the 1st game this year
rando actually cause I'm still working on my hundo notes lol
they're so tedious to make in SGL butter15Yeshoney
this game will be done before 4 am my time right?
I'm actually editing the xml file directly KEKW
so that's at least slightly better
now that's my kinda speedrun lol
these typhoons are just so random
to be fair the base damage on gregar's crosses in general are so high they carry you through all content, even pvp sometimes
as a falzar player, circusman was hard ok :(
yeah, the crosses are way harder to get in falzar
i found out why the boss i was fighting was bullshit it was my fault  game is like persona and i can fuse demon together to make better demons demons are just like personas
gregar didnt appreciate you making fun of him so he made it slightly harder on you
you telling me both survive that
dang, are they on the highway to hell?
oh my god this dialogue PrideLaugh
wait, can anyone else hear Rock except for Lan?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU WON'T UNDERSTAND IT?
12 year old and going to university
and I'm going to smoke weed and crack every day and lounge on the couch for the rest of my life
wish Iris not dying in every series
the dialogue in this is funny, but then they talk at the end and you're just like camkat1Sleep
do they talk about more school?
i would be mad if my parents name me patch
We getting close boys and girls
Already subbed . That's how I found the twitch
am very curious wht the bnned settings are
i'm almost done with octopath 2!
melyB finally caught a stream start
definitely a huge step up over octopath 1
is this a max pain type seed?
Lol same. We're out here doing it to em
oh god, i feel like this'll be big pain
is it just take quad or enemies take more damage as well
setting up mega rush is gonna be tough
bruh, you just took 8 damage jesus
we will never see xxx again
but when they have 50 hp, L
I like this dramatic ass battle music
fitting for twink to be here
wait what? I suggested that skin and they said they wouldnt do it for some reason lol
i froze for a sec but refreshed and its fine
what were you saying about the skin being in rando?
yeah i think it cut out right after you sid it wasnt on website
would have laughed so hard if it cut out again during ur explanation
twitch hiding the secret skin from the publlic
guess this seed is free now
dont forget to do the record so we can hear the music sped up
omg all partners but no goombario lol
gald you didn't banned dungeon shuffle nice seeing once in a while
Wow, sewer could not have worse music.
It sounds like it is tired that suddenly has a burst of energy
i'm so excited for tears of the kingdom
At least that club is big so youre not alone that
mate, I'll buy you a bloody drink and we can both just yell about life
when they confirmed that it was matt mercer voicing ganondorf, and they revealed his design, my hype skyrocketed!
Who is Matt Mercer, is he a merc with a mouth?
I think that was a deadpool reference
matt mercer is one of my favorite voice actors, so it's great for me!
As a Canadian, idk what that means but it sounds warm
Does the damage multiplier take effect before or after blocking successfully
I love a defensive battle strat
good thing you can just buy 10 repal gels
idk - you're not making this fight look v scary
I feel like I'm at industrial rave
I am also curious what is banned
did they add marioless start?? or is this just a costume
this is what i'd make it look like if i did that
so i came across what might be the longest game name i've ever seen
shoutouts to Wxkaevous or whatever that said
that game title being: Mon-Yu: Defeat Monsters And Gain Strong Weapons And Armor. You May Be Defeated, But Dont Give Up. Become Stronger. I Believe There Will Be A Day When The Heroes Defeat The Devil King
the game name is so long it doesn't even fit in your chatbox onscreen lmao
if i were making a game that's what i'd name it
first person turn-based dungeon crawler with custom characters
phantom you're skipping text too fast i can't appropriately appreciate the dogshit setting
i don't see any problem with it
man i remember when mario got to the mushroom kingdom in the movie and he ran into Oxff U. and Jjg Xciat and Reij W., that was so hype
a language barrier, but a step beyond one
what do you call a language barrier when the other species like
WOW, there's NOTHING like stepping outside and catching a deep WHIFF of the nearby sewage treatment plant after a hard day's work!
@mx_four how do you know a telepathic race is communicating with you?
fuck if i know i've never had the honor
Maybe you have but you didnt know
Phantom 2023: where is my seed
i'm glad we relate on so many levels
no, you have the lak key-
i haven't played pape in like a week
i don't know but i really should have been practicing lmfao
last time i played pape was in November
nvm i got first try bhs
Laki is feeling a little puky
you got a the shiny start button
You dont want ectoplasm all over you
bruh this music for the chase sequence
Already this looks like it's a heck of a seed
I was staring at that void on the tracker and it took me until now to clue in OhNoWhatHappenedToJoel
when you can skip LP EZ
Ive seen you save them up for LP, lol
I think it randomized the symbol with the text
oh, just those? makes sense to me
monkaS It's definitely 4x damage I'm guessing
is it vanilla castle too? if so, ew
Just match the character length so you can deliver the letters Stare
What kind of parent names their kid Dump
He said it sucks, I dont know what he did to cause this
goomba village start might as well be disabled homeward shroom
they need a super tough looking toad with an insane amount of muscles and call them Pump T
You dont have to randomize everything lol.
i've learned i don't like major/minor split for fusion rando
Did you drink the water. I had to take a call and couldnt make sure you hydrated.
phantom is a ghost. he doesn't need water ohheyi30Smug
Good job. Drink more water though.
you ever think you ate enough then your stomach is like "no you didn't get lightheaded nerd"
Im still trying to get used to Phantom without the Beanie.
the other day a friend came over and apparently she'd been holding onto a lego mario bowser jr's clown car set to give us for a while now lol
so now i have a lego clown car sitting on my desk
Its like when Bart Simpson wears the blue shirt instead of the orange shirt
yeah, it went from like in the 60's to like the 80's here, and gunna be in the 90's tomrrow
and then it's supposed to rain next week lol
Youre in wildfire season. I guess well see how much forest burns this year.
i hope not a lot. i had a scare last year when a giant fire almost took down my hometown
almost reached one of my childhood homes
Don't just leave him there. That's littering. Pick up your trash.
it's fine, it's something i have to deal with having grown up in the sierra nevada foothills
I hour until we know how much Pokemon Box sells for btw. So we will finally have an answer to that question
still scary but something i'm quite aware of. there was a decently sized fire somewhat close when i was still in high school and the smoke obscured the sun to the point where it was pink
oh dang, this is first I've heard about this
Yeah, its a game I put up on eBay. Dont buy it
Phantom give me the idea to sell it.
funny thing is sunglasses cut through the smoke cleanly and the sun went back to yellow
yeah, it just sounds more like a collectable at this point
geez. yeah, pink and red suns are weird to look at
Yeah, its pretty much that. I dont remember how/why I got it, but I certainly dont feel bad selling it
yeah, as long as you don't care for it, selling it is always a good thing
I did that with a lot of my stuff
Its at 1,325 right now. Ill let you guys know what happens. Its got 38 watchers right now
I have a lot of random collectibles I have been selling to help pay for school.
that is very smart to do
wish I woulda done the same PrideLaugh
My mom never tossed the boxes the N64 games came in, but I am glad she aave them all. Sold them for $3,000
i kinda want to get mroe lego mario things now that i have this clown car but i don't like how they're not, you know, full structures lol
Yeah, people buy the boxes that old games come in. Manuals as well.
my copy of kid icarus uprising is signed by yuzo koshiro. won't sell that tho
yeah, if you get that verified, I believe it could be worth A LOT
for something like that, I'm not sure either
Yeah, thats hard to know what to do with. Maybe grading, IDK.
just take it to pawn stars
i can verify mine is legit. source: i met him at MAGFest 2013 :P
i hate grading though. that and auctions ruined the pricing of older games
oh that's right, I forgot about your old work PrideLaugh
Get a copy of a paystub when someone asks if it's legit lol
iirc, he worked for Nintendy at one point
I remember you said it on stream or something
Im sure there is some nut who would buy the Nintendo paystub
Secrets out now. He was a hitman for Nintendo. Murdered YouTubers who make lets plays of Nintendo games.
on the legal side of things, it does make sense
Would you have to nuke your VODs?
Yeah, Nintendo hates free promotion of their games.
Should I drop the video you sent me?
yeah it's not a "free promotion of their games" thing
Im thinking more generally rather than this specific thing
mods aren't technically legal only because fair use hasn't caught up to video games, in my opinion
oh it is Moon Channel. I haven't seen this one yet though
also true but that's most legal standards at this point >.>'
I saw a couple of other ones
I wasnt even thinking about the modding. I saw one guy on YouTube say that Nintendo attacked his videos that were about Pokemon mods
Everything is going backwards, not surprising this would as well.
also howdy phantom, feels good to finally be able to do a lil more than lurk again
where tf is this song normally
ie, where you turn in the lyrics
Look I'm only in there for 2s in rando
And the 2nd time you go in you hear a different song
yeah, modding is definitely a touchy subject for a lot of major companies
Smashers told me they get boned for 0 reason tho
just don't blab about it and you're usually safe.
they also ruled against internet archive recently too
I can understand if they were selling it, but most people dont.
And do mods prevent the sale of their games.
Pointcrow was actually who@put out the video I saw
it's extremely weak af since lol it's supposed to be monetary gain of the "modder", not loss from the producer
its also a mod that requires payment I've heard
Also, some companies don't appreciate Joe'smo reverse-engineering their products to figure out how their shit works
@YamiKuroya not helping that dude put out a "bounty" for whomever got a multiplayer mod started
yeah, a lot of it was pokemon stuff that they hit of his i saw
don't poke the bear if you're walking a line on legality
@YamiKuroya lol i was meaning the other way around
don't pay for them, to get them or make them
IF, you're gonna pay someone for that shit, don't be vocal about it
Thats strange he did all that.
yeah no, involving money gets it into hot water, though in my opinion, i'd say streaming games should be less fair use than mods
they're just jealous because they suck at that ohheyi30Smug
I'm surprised the Odyssey multi player hasn't been targets more
SMO multiplayer has been out longer than BOTW
it's also that BotW is still a game on a current system.
Both should be fair use. Especially streaming if it adds opinions
there also isn't currently an SMO sequel coming out at the moment
it doesn't matter if it's on current system or not tbh
i swear to god i'm about to reach through my work screen and smack this customer
also doesn't help that mods are illegal in japan but Nintendo will still have to sue in us court guessing that where that dude is anyway
i answered their question and they went LET ME CLARIFY
The idea is you are putting your experience and opinions relating to the content.
Makes sense modding would be viewed equally to theives and violent criminals. Cant hurt big business
they're also the type of person
they both should be fair use but my argument is more that mods will alter content more significantly + is less likely to see a financial impact from people just watching a streamer instead of buying the game
like you don't need to do this
I dunno maybe I've just gotten to point where I'm liking video games less and less due to all of this
mirby calling out my usual typing mo
i should've been on lunch 6 minutes ago and i'm lightheaded from hunger
and i'm dealing with this person
one thing i know for sure is a lot of people buy terraria just so they can play it with mods
they literally just asked me to check with newer models "then i'll let you go"
i don't need your fucking permission
I know most indie game producers like or don't care if people make mods
@mirby_studios I have a friend who does this. He will send 10 messages in a minute. He is why I mute my phone at work
@WEEGEE666 Terraria is also just really good base game
yeah, a lot of people ignore the EULA
also "it's a safety question i'm disabled" that doesn't excuse you from being an ass
sorry this customer is annoying me
same thing for me with fusion rando
Nintendo could just steal the ideas from the mods. That might make sense
If Nintendo came at me, I'm trashing my sd card on the spot
I mean look at Mario 99
Here, mod my game so I can steal the idea while making my sequel.
man, do i wish they were tho
mario 35 was the only battle royale i've ever won lmao
there was a website that had people play 100 marios at the same time, I wanna say in 2019
Cadence of Hyrule had some sort of randomizer but that wasn't developed by Nintendo
a year later, Mario 35 comes on the scene
they should have built in randos in their future metroid games
so it's possible they could have been creating it at the time or got the idea from there
Built in randoms is a smart idea that will never happen
i really hope so. i just don't wanna have to mod my switch to play dread rando
alot of extra work to put in a in game rando
@pethanct01 Bloodstained Ritual of the Night would like a word w/ you, mate
i wish they would hit a certain point where they'd condone rando on old games since like
ye, bloodstained has a built in rando now
What is that game, never heard of it?.
after a certain point, are they really harming base game sales to let people mod the older pape games
spiritual successor to symphony of the night
i remember people were pissed at the rando, cause it was added in place of a different stretch goal that they couldn't properly implement lmao
Cadence of Hyrule is pretty awesome. I miss playing that game
it's not like the new pape games are great inheritors of the og ones
I think my fastest seed in there without any major skips was like 52 minutes
or at least, the new games have their own formulas that the old ones don't
I though Miyamoto had a role to play in it.
on one hand, i feel bad for pointcrow, on the other, EULA is strong
super pape also had a role to play too
miyamoto's "role" was to give intelligent systems a suggestion to not have unique toads. it was not a mandate it was a suggestion they could have just ignored
which, again, they didn't have to do. at all.
That was a problem in the Mario Movie too
the mario movie is a completely different situation lmao
i have less of a problem with the non-unique toads and more with no partners + lackluster story
and turn-based battle.  please for the love of all that's holy give me my turn-based battle back
The mario enemies in the movie had very little diversity
He walk in and said this shit ass
yeah i don't think that's miyamoto's fault
who was impressed with sticker star tho
No one was impressed with sticker stars
and since we don't really have any behind the scenes discussions with miyamoto and the movie crew, i don't think we can just pin the blame for any lack of anything in the movie solely on miyamoto
You would think that a kingdom would have more than just male toads lol
Toads are supposed to be genderless now
I just looked it up. Thats interesting they made them genderless. Didnt know that.
Apparently Yoshis are also genderless, which makes sense obviously
gotta be honest, the shy guy screams over the train music is an absolutely unholy combination
also regarding the movie it's more focused on main mario games not side games like RPGs, and in the main games these days the only toad with a unique appearance is toadette. so it makes sense that all the toads would look the same
I mean, its fine that it makes sense. Its just kind of boring to me. I mean, I found the movie faithful, but I also found the movie to be kind of okay in quality.
At least the movie had some variation with Toads. Different voice, at least one wore glasses.
For me the movie was okay-ish. Not saying Miyamoto causes that or that other people cant enjoy it. I am speaking more generally
The movie was not a cinematic masterpiece but it was a very enjoyable experience for me.
Im fine with just this game and Thousand Year Star existing. Makes them more special in a way, especially this game since I like it far more than the sequel.
It would be interesting to see if they could improve the formula, but this is a damn good game that holds up better than most games.
Was thinking about how BN does similar things to recent Paper Marios, ie, MegaMan and Mario don't level up, but they still get stronger through non-traditional means
Did you buy a blue check mark?
This is the closest to social media I have.
Me harassing you with water redeems.
i've been on twitter for over a decade. never got a following
i just never can on anything lmao. nothing sizeable at least
my twitter following was from cryptocurrency ,memes so now my twitter is totally dead lol
Agreed, you need social media presence. You gotta swim in the filth.
Hope you sold at the top
I love how when you start BN4 you are greeted with a picture above Lans bed with Mayl giving the finger KEKW
i got them an answer and ended the chat before they could ask me 30 more
Glad I am not in customer service. Worst I have to deal with is vendors looking for answers on invoices and the only time we short payment is when vendors short us material.
i'm on chat tho so i can yell at them and they'll never know lmao
Or charge us extra that wasnt on the order confirmation
Hahaha, sounds better. Taking calls sucks.
yeah i would not have lasted on calls
i would've been outbound calls, but i'm inbound chat. meaning i have no say over how many chats i get a day, it all depends on how many people chat in
Its like quicksand. Cant fight it, just gotta work with it.
Like Phantom doing a Pape Race seed
We have a verdict on Pokemon Box.
I just hope that they actually pay for it.
And dont pull any funny stuff with returns.
They actually paid 1,825 including tax. They paid, yay.
$125 is not that bad for what they spent
Still feels like a lot though
How did Mario lose his identity this time?
Rando music will always be funny.
great now i have a customer with an issue and i legit have no idea what to do and the one person who can help literally just went on break lmao
ok I said this was a bop but I am now over it
I am ok with leaving the industrial rave
are the star spirit abilities shuffled
no I just meant I thought mustache one was the star storm
Maybe there are traps in peaches castle
Hiya Phantom! Caught the end but still good luck, hope it's been a good seed phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
if u get hit by that 3 more times u will be at 2 hp for danger
Cheer1000 Cheer1000 To help fund my redemption (if you can do it) and for giving me the idea to sell Pokemon Box
wowowow that's a lot of bits
I almost finished a run of paper mario last weekend but it turns out I hate cannonless lol
I'm not gonna hold him to playing it despite giving him the bits. If he plays it in July, I will be happy in July.
game looks sick i might get it 1 day
It's fun and has a good story. Also is inexpensive.
its only 22 can not bad
Canadian dollars are usually worth less than USD so it's still about $20 here.
oh are you trying to get phantom to play crosscode?
I'm adding that to my wish list will buy in the future
this is not how our math teachers expected us to use math as adults
This fits beating a baby turtle
but phantom is using it for his job so its how the math teacher want us to use it
I am NOT a fan of music shuffle. This mess's scuffed.
Bowser cannot kill you in any way that mattes
AND COME SUB ON TWITCH, FOR THE SUB GOALS
okay the trash is out of sight
Either way, we hope you enjoyed the show! Thanks for watching!
Question #1 how long does a Crystal seed usually run you?
At least make them 14 badges required instead of 16
the Bad RNG is to make it a really bad seed
is there a CBT going on i thought we were fully in public demo
i meant i thought the beta tests were over
that took longer than 2 minutes, you're fired
Got my fingers crossed for a Blue Key seed.
You need Goombario to complete the seed.
if this is a good seed imma be disappointed
i specifically redeemed bad rng so it wouldn't be
i feel like i was drunk when i made it
Bad seeds are double edged swords, although bad race seeds is how we got Minish Cap randos.
Minish cap randos being a good thing.
there's some weird settings too lol
You turn on "blue key required"?
trash already, roll a new seed rvpa
there's a garbage setting i regret kinda
You can't even get to the dojo yet
i just haven't seen a partner always usable lol i was curious
i'm curious how minimal this seed will end up glitched haha
ok what did i come back too
You look / sound like you just made a horrible realization
Parakarry's getting his workout in today
if this seed make you fight koopa bros with no jump and hammer @RvPA is getting timed out for 1 second   Kappa
Let's all take a deep breath and have a drink.
We don't know if this seed is evil quite yet.
just bein a real goofball of a seed
not that i didn't check banned settings before or anything bawkCheck
haha like obvious ones for sure
the way you looked at him
You should get him just in case. You only have two partners.
one partner.  goombario isn't a partner, he's a parasite
I cant see Watt's pacifier as anything other than a nose.
Hey phantom and chat how r u today?
You can't do the glitch without jumping though.
WAIT WHAT?? YOU DONT HAVE BOOTS?
damn i made a fucklogic emote and put it on ffz a while ago lol
there's way more troublemakers on mt rugged when you can't jump lol
at what point is this more frustrating than fun?
you don't have kooper though, so how do you know?
omg I had to go do errands and I was sad that your last run was ending
but now there is more content :D
He left him in the Koopa Village shop. He doesn't want all the partners.
how do you know the other one isn't a trap?
"Enjoy the this" epithet of Twitch
Phantom is slowly turning into a villager. Hmmm?
Must need a drink after traversing the dry dry desert.
even if you can, does it matter? you can't jump...
He can use Kooper to cheat that
I'm learning al sorts of things today
that was a fair amount of time without boots NODDERS
What does boots being in that spot mean for logic or could that also be an upgrade?
@rvpa I was about to ask you to pm me the boots location to see how bad of a troll it would be
oh i have no idea! haha
i'm along for the ride too phanto274Sip
hah no problem, i saw the lack of joy in the last foliage one lol
like juuuust maybe the game made a mistake
little late but ty @pethanct01 ThankEgg
You're welcome, glad it was someone who participates who got it.
after a while i realized turbo is just way too worth it for me
but, does it support the streams you want to?
i kept getting into situations where im subbed to like 20 people
I usually get gifted subs from other channels, but I do a regular sub for this channel because supporter smaller channels is okay. I also do three months at a time in case the channel suddenly dies.
Turbo definitely makes more sense overall though.
s my biggest concern with it
But I've been mostly watching this channel when I go on Twitch.
I'd rather support this guy than a big streamer, even if he thinks Twilight Princess is a better game than Breath of the Wild.
Does BotW have even ONE bloody hookshot?
If I wasn't wow'd by BotW, I doubt TotK will win me over
it doesn't help that I'm broke AND the game's $70
I am replaying BotW right now its fun but not like it was the first few times...its all about exploration and ive already seen everything
I'll probably get TotK, but after the switch ends, I don't see myself getting the next Nintendo system, which is a first for me.
BotW isn't bad, it's just, not what I want from a Zelda game
the world is beautiful the divine beasts fall flat fer sure
cuz giving me a buncha breakable weapons isn't it
That's something I liked about the sidequests in Crosscode, you get experience for doing them, among other things.
I felt that way about Crosscode.
not to mention, the Crosscode sidequests usually have stories in addition to the rewards
True, should be cool to watch Phantom play through that game.
See what he thinks of it.
idk if anyone here likes elden ring but i feel like it is replayable because you can have different builds and your always fighting some crazy nonsense
enemies and combat in BotW get stale
I would think Ultra Boots required seeds are good b/c Bowser.
I heard something weird, but do you know what it was?
I was putting away dishes and heating up a cup of tea. I ain't hear squat.
I heard what i thought was moaning. So maybe I heard something else rather than your motorcycle gangbang
I hate those jerks that rev their engines so loud that you can hear it multiple blocks away.
They must be large in the pants for doing that
I grew up in area where people blasting music loud enough to rattle our windows as they drove past. I'm used to that kinda thing.
That's like eating a bowl of beans with the sole intention of farting loud and stinky in a crowded bar.
there's a decent chance I could sleep through that
something to get me on a murder show, that's what
they can have their drag race eight hours later like civilized people
This chat suddenly went from farts to murder.
that sounds like a them problem
I say that as someone who slept in the basement while someone installed flooring the floor above me
their other option is good mufflers
also louder noise =/= tighter pants
someone needs to explain that to them
there's some sort of manufacturing going on over there 2020Suspicious
I've never been crazy about modding vehicles. As long as the thing gets me from A to B and doesn't break down, I'm happy with said vehicle
What's going on tomorrow for Stream?
IceBlue got bodied by QuickMan's ghost
aLttP would be good to watch.
i beg for tp despite knowing it's unlikely lol
toilet paper might but but twilight princess doesn't seem like it lol
There is always TP for your bunghole, just ask Cornholio.
Somewhere a Toad Kid is popping off right now. LUL
Slow Seeds can be fun too. Kappa
laki is always so unhappy about this :c
1 scaled General Guy would be interesting.
Seems that he is always high scaled.
I'm going to bed. Enjoy the rest of the rando.
oh, wait. im dumb i should look at tracker
the letter you need to spell Doo_liss' name
Wait. You never picked up Kooper?
You just left him in Koopa Village. LUL
That Koopa has dreams and aspirations.
Totally not trying to distract you right now
oh good back in time for the ending
3 cap was a necessity. It would've been too anti-climactic.
the final boss of octopath 2 is pain
That Koopa had dreams and you dashed them
Have fun!! (Mobile so can't stick around)
I may miss most of the seed, I'm supposed to be racing vs RvPA today but he's having technical difficulties
When I sent that first msg I got a 30 mobile buffer lol
this is a loaded first 4 min
Yo! I made it at the start of the seed! PogChamp
Is this the seed I think it is.
Yep this seed is the one
You will have to find out the nature of the seed Kappa
I don't know what seed but rigby said he got a 233
Nice I have 69% battery left :)
bow just chilling in the forest
Slowly making my way thru star force
It's weird playing and not streaming
Bow chose to meditate in the darkness of the forest
I played Leo at release... so like 2007 or 2008
I never played  2 or 3
is that the megaman games for ds
Maybe I should give 3 another chance
Rouge noise was great for the omega bosses
Everyone praises 3 so I'm curious
I've read up a bit about Star Force, so I wasn't completely blind about what was going on
I agree about the story being closely tied to the games
They are still stand alone games, but the full experience is best enjoyed going from 1 through 3
that's what I like about Star Force over BN, the stories are pretty damn good, imo
I'm on 4th scenario and story is mid
so you are close to getting the Starforce then
What I've seen / experienced from Star Force scenarios thus far, their stories feel on par if not better than BN3's.
Starforce 2 picks up where 1 leaves off and really is the best imo of the 3
Did you say star force 2 or was that a typo lol
Petunia gave you her heart and soul in the form of a badge
Never know when its useful Kappa
i did it this morning so its fresh in my head
Its like turning on the TV and watching the replay LUL
i could watch this seed on repeat after the last 3 trash seeds i did
Its vanilla area for train but not the vanilla spot LUL
ya know havent seen the spoiler log so who knows
We asked the same question if this was lab generated LUL
although its got the fast cutscenes so it has to be
The hud on the pape wide-screen mod made me laugh it's so bad
People are asking for it in rando, sure enjoy your worse version LUL
now that would be something hahaha
All I know about this seed was papers go mode item
@paperarioms what did you get for time? I had to go to work phanto274Cry
all i know is this is going down as the seed for a while
All I know from this seed is that this is what we can pass down from the veterans to new people so they can learn rando
I'm not used to 7 just being open lol
imagine having all the 7 items but not being able to beat it
I forgot that you can use bombette to break the ice
Of course I know Bombette gets up Mt shiver without boots right Axl Kappa
who needs supers when bombette has the switch Kappa
You could've just found the other 3
mister206Gombidious is in the hidden desert block between the trees
I just heard a random dog noise, turns out she is under my bed lol
Honestly I would eat sewer squid.
Why dont you want the stinky herb
I don't think you have enough life shrooms
You dont need life insurance because the beach has you covered with the life shrooms LUL
thats what i said at this point
also yeah wtf your items at 55 minutes
you should have seen the items at 4 minutes
I meant to just watch a little before doing work and now I've been here for an hour
i bet all the asyncs after this one are going to be just awful
so is that clip race legal?
what other nonsense is race legal
i need to know these so i know how i can cheat during the weekly KEKW
theres a list on racetime i think
Nah doing the unthinkable is always upgrading Goombario
poor sushi burning in the lava
What about below 4th key room?
Wait? Can't you use laki jump for early thunderbolt in ch1?
Oh right, you need boots for ch3
and I never found last stand, so I had to actually take multiple turns on bowser
smh last stand should start in inventory
Anything in the bounce pad room?
if y'all thought america was a melting pot of cultures, california  has the crumbs and little bits at the bottom of the pot from each culture being stirred around after it's been poured out Cheer100
if only every seed was this kind of item pace
@Axl_SR The depp south is the rust on the pot.
And Florida is the crackhead watching the cook.
maybe we just like yoshis that much
always store your nuts behind bars
what are we missing? just diamond stone?
I think im literally the only person who didn't diamond stone go mode this seed I swear lol
your routing is just too good rigby
Honestly yeah, my big hiccup was back tracking for d down jump
As far as route goes , it was near perfect
imma go take a shower before the weekly
This has probably already been said, but I would think once a week is enough; could help keep the freedom of not being locked into one game for content.
I was lucky enough to have it on my first desert trip so I handed it in as I was passing by
Breaking the seed is more fun to watch in my opinion.
How you got up mount rugged without jumping was cool.
In the seed a few nights ago, I mean.
Yeah, when you aren't having fun, it is not worth doing. Also not great for content to see someone not having fun.
im not opposed to adding more glitches if we end up changing the settings i just dont know which ones to learn
so then waht small things do you want added
that doesnt look as bad as i thought
you telling me i walk back the normal way when u can just do that
i type that at the pink switch
I get to rest my voice tonight too since we're off PapeRaces
fineeeeee i'll find the pulse stone
well that was a fast seed
i have no problems with any of that and think the glithces should change with changing the settings
you're gonna make me learn glitches kelpCry
i kind of think we should have to fight lava phirana
i guess not having to do 7 scaled 5 early is probably good
you're an issue all the time
I return, having consumed onigiri, chicken karaage plus chicken w/ green onion and a thing of rice
and you didn't invite me buffoon?
tbf, you weren't here when I dipped out
7 Scaled 5? Try 7 Scaled Toy Box
and that's why they created dms!
if you're Central time, you might be closer to me than I realize
I almost wanna ask if they'll let me gen the weekly today
See, I'm known for rolling complete trash, but I wonder if it extends to randos I don't even play.
I'd be down for rock climb
if were gonna add more glitches id rather add it all at once
It's like no major glitches or something
It's been awhile but I think so?
hovering in alttp is way to hard
I made the race room btw
okay i'm in the race room, so i'm closing this tab
if all this was allowed what all would you need to beat 5 just sushie and parakarry?
If you did glitches you always have the chance of checking alot of areas that either arent in logic or are just barren based on order. Double edged sword
Hello again 7 scaled Toy Box
we love ch 7 toy box NOPERS
Okay now fuzzys just need to have bombette and were stacked
That's a lot of Repel Gels
Hows the sanity going? It sounds promising.
Well clearly you weren't expected to beat 1 first
Had to step away for a second. Looking at things, I think the only way to Chapter 5 was Sushie since Pulse stone and Watt are both there
I dont think the police will come for you if you do clippy.
star stone and mailbag were there
My face lit up on this star force scenario
It also means you need less items. Faster
Lunas parent want to put her in a private school
Probably depends on if you can beat it, right?
I'm doing an Randomizer on Paper Mario.....
@TheSegacampGamer22 you're come to the right place
I'm having Problems..... I can't find my Partners I only have the 1st 3 and Sushie
but I'm trying though without help either....
Did you pull a Phantom and skip fuzzies because you saw they had Goombario?
it will be Time Consuming but a Time Consuming I'm willing to Enjoy this was Peak of N64 Games for me!
Imagine Saving the Yoshi and the Yoshi Chief is holding on to it...... LUL
I can't find the Raven Jade...
well anyway I got Volcano Vase but I can't give it to Kolorado until after he goes inside the Volcano....
but I got alot of Items I need to Return to Koopa Koot but that's the Problem.....
he wants the Tape..... and I dunno where the Tape is....
am I making a Mistake yet?
in that case.... OH NO WHAT HAVE I DONE?!?!?!?!?!? We're not Done!
again a Time Consumer I like Sinking myself into....
I was Able to do Shy Guy Toy Box but I had no Train....
Ironically it was IN the Toy Box....
Welp, have fun full-clearing the game looking for Palace Key...again
Chapter 4 always seems to be 7 scaled.
now do you have all Partners right off the Bat?
somehow I can but only Ghostly.... but once I go into Battle then I only have ones I found....
they're Items like the Normal Game....
partners you don't have are grayed out, but you can switch to them so they don't cause problems when the game forces you to switch to them
but you can't use them until you find them
yeah I can use them outside the Battle....
it only Battle when I'm Locked....
but I did set up the 1 Extra Rule or Restriction for myself..... LUL
I can't Level up the Partners that I didn't find yet...
Rosie shoves shit in your face.
but I Love this Stinky Herb.....
I didn't bother Fighting Anti-guy...... am I making a Mistake?
he's not in logic unless you can make lemon candy
Difficulty on my Seed is Progress Based....
Starts off Easy but get Hard as the Game goes on....
i was, last one of the season for me
ended up 5-3 for our group so i'm pumped
no Race for me just for Funsies to Stream...
make him come back and clean it up
I keep forgetting that Secret EVERYTIME....
I was trying to think which item would be funniest for Gourmet Guy to drop and realized it was obviously fertilizer.
Its the background colors but two are swapped
It's the same order as SMW switch palace
oh cool... I actually Battle the Shy Guy who hold the Strange Note....
the Color Order is the Same as the Shy Guys Colors so I did that Order
So you did find peril scroll?
And they can be literally anywhere
Marked goombario and not ultra stone, what is this Phantom?
Like I said, whole game looking for Palace Key
What is your stance on the Mario and Luigi games?
You think weve found enough Repel Gels?
I thought we already knew two was high scaled?
Saved time on that for sure
If you were that worried, Parakarry would have also worked
I trust but would understand why you wouldn't
That's as good as a key, right?
At least it's a good badge
Crystal Palace is foolish it seems...
Did they say why they can't implement that?
37 required to finish items is a lot for WotH too
a turn in that leads to nothing is not woth, yeah
but turn ins that lead to something mean there's gonna be, give or take, 50 WotH checks in a gless run
could split into smaller sections than entire chapters too, like with LttP hints where it will give like... the west checks in Swamp or something like that
wait are we allowed to do that in weeklies now?
oh ok, i was thinking i was wasting some time in seeds lol
DK64 has a hint system, they use the Granny info booths for that. Can't be helped if they don't hav ethe manpower for it though. Could use the bulletin board for it I guess.
they have merluvlee for giving hints
the problem is that it's very hard to implement
I was thinking the fortune tellers in general
the only thing i don't like about merluvlee is that you can just walk up to her
It's a little out of the way. The bulletin board could just have everything in one spot.
OoT using gossip stones, that you wander into over time, works great
but there isnt a great equivalent here
they could just add hint NPCs to the game too
well at least it's been found
well... at least palace wasn't foolish?
At least you don't have to go back for those other checks.
a better hint system would be great, but i also don't know how to do that
You just didn't want to have to worry, but that's life.
merluvlee has to be off in races, she's a terrible way to do hints
s jump charge in my race today was 5bp, 6 fp
I use regular jump charge, it was 2/2
They could just setup sign posts like gossip stones. I still think the bulletin board is a good way too.
cuz regular jump charge isn't that much worse outside speedruns
took me a while to realize that
The one in front of Merlon's, I mean.
yeah the ninji idea is a good one
just a lot of work and time to build that system
I wonder what the quickest time will be for the honest players.
ooh, the teal dress is lovely
Is this the end or are you doing Minish or that mystery seed you teased everyone with?
It's funny how garbage Slaking is in every media format. I'm looking at his V form card from the PoGo set.
I love how it cuts to Kammy having already gotten her ass beat
Can't use him if you have 6, 4, or 2 prizes.
Amazing he was useful for that long.
What was the time of the people who didn't cheat?
Interesting how it doesn't make that much of a difference. Kind of hurts the argument in favor of banning the glitches.
aw, rario gonna lose peril before final
lol his inventenory is just 7 life shrooms
i think it was just a slew of shrooms
my race today had 1bp fp plus
I had to do a 20 hp final for the first time in a long time
I'm bad enough that I practically full clear every seed, so I always end up with last stand
the full clear isn't what makes me bad, I just do it more often because I am bad
I won my race by doing goomba king immediately
but he was ch1, so why wouldnt I?
my biggest time loss is absolutely getting encounters
Shit I just got here can you start the race over
I must lose 20 minutes to it every seed
I'm thinking about buying triangle strategy right now, it's 50% off
he needs a 4 cap to kills
I wonder where you lost time?
I just put your card up on eBay, slaking.
are you doing the equivalent of max randomization?
I don't really know enough about MC
oh nvm, it's a little TTYD practice ok
dang, I was hoping you were gonna flex some palace skip practice on us or something
I still pull up dry dry desert every time
I'll never feel confident in that place
Did you have more fun doing this seed?
Just need to get to 1,000, then we can fall asleep.
I woke up around 8am, then laid in bed for about 2 hours
10 am is way to early i sleep until 12 30 pm everyday
i go to bed around 4am
i just cant sleep you know
given that I'm east coast, my work day is over, and has been for over an hour, by the time you're up lol
7-2 my time, so 4-11 yours
which means between us, we're awake close to 24 hours of every day
one of them us uploaded already
i had one really good seed, and one really bad one
the good one was 2 minutes off my pb, the other was an hour 36
i never used it, but i remember it
i know peril beam is lake hylia
Early peril would be great, make battles easier.
man, how come the post man can hop over that broken bridge but we can't
that implies the post man has a cape too
well, you got your health back
I see you like to cheat in other genres of gaming as well.
Doing pretty great! Had a friend in town staying with me this weekend  so had a lot of fun
You still need Bow? That means you can't do chapter 4, right?
Also Lakitus as if Hyrule and the Mushroom Kingdom aren't that far apart from each other
Don't forget pokeys and chain chomps
Which enemy(s) from Zelda do you think is the most iconic?
I started from ocarina of time, redeads definitely stand out.
Octoroks are good, though I went with moblins because they look like miniganons
Moblins had a very small role in the N64 games, being relegated to unnamed status as the guards in the Meadow.
I would guess more recent players would think bokoblins.
I had to go back to work earlier, but what time did you get on the rando?
I consider them part of the same family
To them, maybe moblins are big bokoblins.
I would guess mirror shield in this game is about as useful as mirror shield in aLttP.
i know where it is but i never got it
Sounds like we'll have to save up some points to change that.
really i beat it like 20 times
honestly its probably my fav zelda game
I have the aLttP soundtrack on my phone/iTunes, so it's definitely up there for me as well.
That comment has a little bit of everything:  Abandoning children Poor Grammar Cheating on yourself Nonsense references
You might want to rephrase that
This is where the Phantombot gets it.
I like how the trap wasn't sure what it wanted to be so it changed twice.
yo the speed on the mits wtf
just 4:01 away from being done with hundo, lowkey makes me sad thinking about it dColonJam
after that i'd have to really grind to pb
if i ever get more free time, i'd definitely go back to it
earlier in TOD basement I thought I didn't see you do the underwater check but maybe I missed it?
Do you end up putting up DNF seeds on YouTUB
Looks like the number is going up again. It was staying at 935 for a while there.
is that what we calling it nowadays?
i got gifted a sub today from a channel i never been too
yo gl on the Any 5 Phantom! phanto274GL phanto274Hype
it was from someone that only does music stuff
I missed the pape runs phanto274Cry
Can't wait for book of mario or ttyd phanto274BLANKIES
I love that you can save scum doing the kin stone tutorial
You know very well not to touch grass phanto274Smile
Maybe the tektites have been to therapy in the last couple of weeks Prayge
That was a good chu from what I remember
I don't even remember you getting hit by rocks that often before, unlucky
Sounds like 1 more heart than you needed EZ
Fair, that whole other dimension makes a difference I guess
It's interesting the different design philosophies between the 2 formats though that leads to damage differnce
By the looks not good hopefully better this time 
some guard. Couldn't handle some teleporting kid.
Is this a run you get boomerang?
Awesome still haven't seen you do that yet 
1 HP is all I need
he was pretending to be a Pokemon Crystal trainer
I have got it every practice run this year
roll lifts don't really matter, its 6s over the whole run
getting one is just a nice mental boost
Imagine screwing over a department for something we already had and use on a daily basis, but the damn thing's PURPLE
probably have to eat the fairy
bonk the tree after stranger fusion
I honeslty haven't done a run in like 10 days
no such thing as too much battle network
They have those BN mega packs on the Switch now. KEKW
I might get them down the track.
I'm finishing editing a promo for GDQ now, then will practice again in the next few days
not like this WORK of playing Minish Cap or Paper Mario
me and hailey want to race so yeah I'll be down for random races whenever
thats one of the cheapest hearts in the game so I always get it
Have you been slacking on your rando quota?
I saw that capeless seed lol
I need to finish all the merges and get full 0.7 out for rando
"4 element ted?" Did I mishear that?
gotcha. Thought it was some in-community jargon like "No-luck Nancy" or something
Id roll you a seed, but Im saving for vip
look okay, now that i'm unemployed, i'm here for life
going to lake first does kinda make sense for this route
oh i don't have one yet blacktiger, i just have a habit of rolling absolute garbage
I don't know whether to recommend it because in advanced we need to get red sword first
i've rolled a morph ball on pedestal in smz3
so it can screw up memory
yeah the equip at the start of town is a nice reminder for the fairy
btw chat that was a 1/16 chance for a kinstone vs 15/16 for a fairy
you can damage down on the tree too
As ever, I learn so much from your streams.
suddenly, I've this craving for chicken pot pie
how tricky was my setup to learn?
ok, I'm wondering if it should take priority over the other for newbies
people at the time didn't like my setup and still use cane setup
I guess that was just inertia
some people still ezlo buffer lake house because you can get a lucky 1 buffer that is faster than the setup everyone normally does
but like, its not worth teaching it to new people
Anyways. I'm going to go back to the being out of it, thing.
you got the blue sword on the split name :)
Did it just give you lantern? Wasn't paying attention lol
Did the game assume you had it to get there so it gives it to you?
@ili_t1nk_ili we got it from the blue chu fight
Ah out of all the runs I've seen you do of this glitchless I miss that part every time 
if you hold the boomerang button you can control it mid flight to hit the switch
do you play on an analogue stick?
do you not get snap back ever?
no you transitioned to the wrong room because you held up right too early
have you got to this part in hundo?
btw you could have done glitchless palace, loses like 3 mins
guess u can get a drink now
Weird, I just got a gift sub to a channel I am not watching right now. I do follow it.
Whens the next pape run? 
I didn't do glitchless for 10 months, did a no reset derust with hailey to practice coms for a marathon run starting at smith sword because I didn't want to do intro, I got a 30s fake PB
I don't know what glichless means. Is it related to the lich?
i didn't mean for the poll to last for 10 mins
@blacktiger51 Should a doctor have been called if the poll lasts more than 5 minutes?
A tracker is a good idea
I did plan on making one years ago when I started
phanto274GL on this run I'm off for a while now
notes made for your livesplit plugin would be great
armos clip on its own, if you don't do lever clip, saves 8s
if you do lever clip but don't do 2nd armos clip you lose about 15s of that 30s saved
so yeah its even worth doing a manipless 2nd armos clip when going for lever clip
manipless is a decent backup, its why a recommend learning it first but not going for it in runs untill you learn all the clips
darknut manip I rank much higher than all armos clips
only downside to failing darknut manip is you have to do it like normal
sub 18 element is a good benchmark
m4 did the fight to reach Raph, ended with 97 exp and still at level 1 LUL
sometimes you just have to get the health
its nice to climb without a stamina bar
so camera zoomed it rain hurts, but not when camera is zoomed out?
just woke up from a nap, and i see we're about to hit the most ORIGINAL music in the game as usual
you act like i run this game
whats the best way to play Z2
like I would assume either NES or Wii?
Wii is emulation, so it has lag
I haven't heard that sfx and not seen the spin
Its times like these Im glad I votes for any% rather than glichless. Not sure what gliches are still.
you need to roll right once
I shouldn't have said don't softlock NiceSoftlock
Theres the clip if you want it
spins take 95 frames to charge
looks like 88 frames in the video to me
Id you know if you take the number 135 and add its sum 1+3+5=9 and its multiple 1x3x5=15 then multiple that together 9x15 equals 135 phanto274Thonk Cheer100
Did you know that a number is divisible by three if the sum of the individual numbers that make up the number is also divisible by 3. Its also divisible by 6 if the original number is also even.
that works for 9 too like 351
The power of two octoroks could not handle link.
also for 3 if the number is too big you can add it again like 8888 to 24 to 6
i meant to do 3 8s there lol
not rain nor sleet nor hail nor speedrunner will stop the mail from being delivered
always exit back to the previous room before going up
you can press right to try and slip by the corner, but if it doesn't work then you just have to go left
btw I timed throwing the rollobite to the top of the room and its like a full second slower
its faster to just chrage gust and grab it instantly then walk up
it makes all the swords unique
so red sword, blue, four, green are all in the pool
next update splits progressive so you choose the items you want to be progressive
Spin Scrolls not being progressive can suck if they aren't at dojos
I'll never get tired of that. LUL
oh btw next update will have a setting for wind tribe, if the upper floor is open from the portal or if you need to come from cloud tops first
the flag is set when going through the front door
you can use that to kill golden octos
wallets, bomb bags and quivers are built into the game as progressive, we would have to do some weird hack to change that
it will say you have access to some things you don't, like octo
I think octo is the only red sword required fusion
we have been trying to fix that bug for months
you won't be able to do boots and cape checks until you get smith or green sword
thats the bug we can't fix
we could change the 2nd location to require 2 swords of any kind
it honestly might be, its such a pain
i also stayed up too late last night doing requests in BN6 for an easy 200L
there's a 1 star request where if you give the guy 10K he gives you 100K after underground, and a 2star where you can tell someone to invest in a tech stock for another 100K
it took so long cause i had to level up to B rank so i could take the 2 star lmao
yeah i need to do that too
yeah you need at least 1 for that fairy
I always forget after buying cane from a shop and being at 0 rupees, always end up going to that first lol
there aren't any glitches to reach those chests
I just hit red warp, do gleerock and come back with cape
so you can dash with angle retention
I love glitched rando, so many cool strats
rollobite room has a quick skip too
you can do 3 pull to pull the pillar out from the start, move it to above the blocking pillars, then do up+left angle retention to grab it and put you past the pillars
I am frankly phanto274Jam and not ironically
Yooo Phantom, how's it going? phanto274BLANKIES
Hey, PayPal took $9.99 from me
you should let paypal take 24.99 from you when I stream again
this is one of the seeds of all time
raiiid... wait i was already here
they weren't kidding about that seed
whoa this pape rando looks weird haha im so funny
you can do a really awful version of wirbelhop near the blade chest room if you don't have BK
you have to do a frame perfect direction change after charging a diagonal jump out the hole and you jump in a different direction to the direction you get angle retention
it was the first BK skip, only required for like 48 hours before we found the rollobite room setup we do today
Is this a game that always has boots without it taking up an item slot, or is that a rando add?
ok such a big QoL for these type of games
so no one misses those buttons lol
@venturific Ezlo is used for specific death abuse setups, so we don't get to do those with ocarina on select
If you don't do OG then its not an issue
can't show off the cool strat
ocarina on select and boots on L can be toggled in the rando options
we also added boot dashing as minish but I haven't tested it at all, people said its a bit buggy and made one person softlock
I could go for a brioche right now...
Hmm theres something about this seed that just doesnt seem right around the 1:10 mark with your inventory HmmCouncil
4 sword an hour in with basically everything you need
Goombario, he's in that one game.
welcome to the wind ruins, FAIRY fountain
How have you not done Town Digging?
I could have sworn you said you didn't do it. Well, I should stop doing stuff today.
well you should fly through the rest of this one
This is Pallos key all over again.
Have a nice night. I'm tired. Enjoy the rest of the run.
all the keys in one place? thats not very secure...
wow your right this place has other security issues
its the googly eyed manta ray! tell it to stay out of my nightmares!!
why is it when your looking for something it is always in the last place you look?
if you lose to vaati, you're not staying in my room
i'm proud of that joke i don't care what anyone says lmao
I've never seen a Minish run! Excited!
Twitch presents real american heroes. Today we salute you Mr Zelda Speedrunner Guy. Without you we would be forced to do the unthinkable... playing Zelda ourselves. But you sir, can finish it in under 2 hours. On with your god awful RNG you battle bad boss cycles, dogs blocking your path, and something else but I dont know this run well enough to say what that is. And why do you do it? Cause somewhere some guy wants to watch someone play Zelda better than them. We tip our hat Cheer100 Cheer100
what not bringing in the 135 fun fact here, axl?
I'm guessing frame perfect rolls don't set your respawn location?
mirby, phantom has seen 135 already
well how was i to know that lmao
i watched a list of 10 zelda sidequests you may have missed and it made me want LttP GBA on NSO even more
Mod icons + the 4 badges + pronouns makes monado's name take 2 rows to finish
Four Swords, and unlockable moves and a dungeon in LttP based on wins in that
I forgot there's an emote on o:
Just enough space to fit the whole name KEKW
He also still has the raider thing so he takes 3 rows guaranteed
lmao I didn't know you could suck that shroom
You can suck anything if you try hard enough
Hold up, time to make some more google accounts SadgeBusiness
I do have another channel I used to use for clips I could monadoKEK
I randomly feel a large urge to actually start on ori 2 but I also wanna play kof but nobody's on for it rn
you missed a heart piece Kappa
must be faster to get it later
I wonder how many no hit challenge runs died to this mountain
No hit in any 2d zelda sounds ass
How did I not remember there was a post game FieldsBadMan
That's how you get the mirror shield, the best item
I have so many games to play already though PepeHands
You let a goron snack on your shit and wait like a half hour
Oh FRICK i have the mirror shield so maybe I just forgot that was post game
I hate it when you get the best items after fighting the final boss
with no other super bosses or anything
oooh those were even better spins
I did a near 100% casual playthrough of minish cap last year, but I stopped at figurines. I aint doing that shit
how hard is it to keep the manip up for so long?
I feel like I would be susceptible to hypnosis, the stuff in video games that don't make sense I just roll with like, "yeah sure, seems right" :D
Lost your key in the house? Sure seems likely, definitely not in the hay or the field
Sadge no coffee in my house
I'm not really into glitches honestly
I think glitches are cool depending on what they cut out
how much do you break the game in this?
If the run is only doing a glitch and you win like SRM/ACE it's lame
But if it enhances how you play it's sick
Like WW item sliding changes entirely how you route and play without being overbearing it's cool
You still have to like do everything if it's not any%
Did the crow hit you out of bounds the yesterday or was it from crenel clip?
what are you doing with the little dude
I get it tho, it's basically cheating
RF5 is sub 2 now and removed all the movement tech to just warp around
I'm so sad with how that glitch developed I loved the initial route I learned
The only bad part of the initial route was the 30m waiting split
But the flying tech was actually fun to do cause it was hard to optimize
How do I see the sub goals again? 
Err I'm on my phone and I can't see anything 
We are currently at 2 / 100 subs for May. If the goal is hit, we will be doing a Paper Mario Glitchless run on Switch next month!
Yep not seeing anything sorry 
Will you still be doing rando pape runs?
Coney is finally doing fact or opinion again and I'm like "Man it's been a while wonder why he hasn't"
Then I look at the replies
Not vanilla just rando ones 
Better than the opposite problem at least
Well, I know what I'll have to save points for now. Desperate times call for desperate measures.
How many hits does the spin count for? I remember you saying chu resets after a certain amount of hits
At least the first half idk what the fuck the 2nd means
Phantom can't stream us the new leaked Zelda so we get Minish Cap instead
Have you learned dark nut manip yet
Phantom is your livesplit plugin thing with pictures public or would you have to send me it
I wanna use it for ori
I am trying to understand what qualifies for short speedrun versus regular speedrun. How can I tell which is which?
phantom, i have to know what god you and m4 angered, because i'm finally playing the race seed y'all dnf'd for the league and all i can say is what the actual HECK happened here
no, i got it before it went down
Ok I didn't find a link to it but I just searched your github and got it
four and a half hours to go mode
Whoops, I read that as rando rather than speedrun. I don't know what is wrong with me, lol.
it's still not even a logical go mode since i'm missing frying pan and almost every chapter clear is behind cake
yeah we ditched that for good reason lmao
We will add ww rando to your list soon
idr what point it was but i was like dude let's just do another one
that was two hours sooner than i am
i didn't even know i was ahead
i just didn't want to play that seed for even 1 more second
Wind Waker rando would be interesting.
I was just gonna install it rn I was gonna wait till later to ask you to help setup the rest lol
Cause I was gonna try to do a ww run today so I wouldn't fully start my notes yet
I just need to push myself to actually start lol
Oh yea a lot of skins have random issues with their custom shit
That's why I just used toad lol
You probably should update banned flags for Pape to include the bushes, hahaha.
I'm just sad about Roman Numerals
I'm neutral because I know what they are and don't care either way.
I hope the XXX blooper uses ink Flushed
i think i can sum up what y'all missed on this seed with.  sushie on lanturn ghost block.  third tubba key + palace key in volcano.  fertile soil in green station chest.  fourth fortress key on cloudy climb. and frying pan has to be between snowman's gift and red key by this point with blue key in play.
Gotta admit, there isn't a big niche for lovers of roman numerals.
i'm in go mode and i don't even want to finish it
my movement is bad and i got a lot of extra encounters so.  easily chop off an hour for you guys
i'm at five hours and i still got ch7 and ch3 to clear
The beginner tournaments for kof had to change their requirements because Jibca qualified and swept the fuck out of them last week LOL
He was unsure about doing it at first and I told him to do it because it'd be funny
And then he was the only person in bracket OCV'ing people
lol shooketh. Shit the bot says.
i was doin some spm any% and actually finally got a pb lol
*Dr. Elliot Reed has entered the chat*
guess i shouldn't have been playing a trash game i would of seen what happened
yeah later i can twitch don't let me rn
yeah you know what i'm good.  frying pan in star stone check is a good enough discovery for me to end this suffering too
i could've just beaten it and let it take another hour.  but i decided i'd rather just see where frying pan was and call it square
can't believe it was that bad though without a lot of the really bad checks (fourth ruins key, yoshis, blue key)
Pesto? I thought those were Yanmas Kappa
and i got goombario so it is a complete run
he was on calculator, which was storeroom key, which was on crystal mountain
definitely over a month ago, seed's gone for download
i just waited so long to make sure i had little memory of it
i think i need to lie down though, that goombario as the last check took me out
it was the fitting end to that seed
i'm also keeping it because that was truly something
Wait a few months and submit the seed to Phantom.
i think i have multiple copies of it
Wait until he's really into Pape speedruns, it will probably push him back to Zelda.
i just wouldn't know if i'd need to dropbox it or if i could just send the four items up top
some of the fight in ttyd looks pretty risky superguard many times in a row looks hard
yo, how'd the last run go?
@Ericake He had a good Vaati 2 fight
First try manip gold gonna go crazy
I guess we should expect another great Vaati 2 Fight.
I want this week to be over. This 2 weeks is trying my patience.
What is better: BJ's, Costco, or another wholesaler?
It's the same type of store as Costco
If we're not talking about a restaurant then BJ's is the best Flushed
I've heard of Sam's Club, but not BJ's
There used to be a Sam's Club near me, but it closed. Next one is too far.
only place that is called bj out here is booster juice
This Goof Troop SNES ass "slide the blocks" puzzle
I wonder if there is a game where instead of weapons, you get glitches that you can use like wall clip, etc.
woah what the ding dang heck
phanto274GG phanto274GG and Vaati can go do whatever a Vaati does LUL
not bad for a derust, right?
@Trevbonk What do balls do? Roll and *come*?
But this is the #WeHateGoombario club Kappa
This game, we need Phantom to do this at some point.
Hey, I got us a win last week. He'll probably do Cross Code at some point, I submitted the bits and redemption already. So he'll do it when the time is right.
I was trying to think of a good game to submit that probably wouldn't kill his stream.
I think he said he may do it in July.
I put the OST on my computer and phone. Definitely helps having it on while I work.
Their rusty ass will not be able to go fast
why'd I make GamesBot say THAT
I had 3 tab open, one for each of you
Hi I'd like to order a larger double decker burger with fries and extra ketchup. Hold the mustard. To go
That island hop is ass without mss
@mralberto23 sir, this is a wendy's
It's a really wonderful coincidence that the island hop even works
pretty good just chilling how are you doing
Worst completed run or worst segments?
Ohhh it's a race have fun phanto274BLANKIES
Did you name link p because he runs like he gotta?
Yo gl on the race Phantom! phanto274GL
Hello Myth for the first time ever
And bring condoms, cuz a lot of runs are just orgasmic
Who is this myth guy anyway?
I think sm64 starts timing on reset
I love the PM64 credits but I could not imagine having to wait through the whole thing just to finish your run phanto274D
dang... so much for #Bring Elzo
what fight is in oras? i dont rememberr
Im trying to remember too Axl lol
i swear every gen they make the rivals worse and worse LUL
sure, i doesnt matter if you win
Yoo! is this the legendary collab with Myth I have been thinking about for a while now? POGGERS
yo myth, gl both of yall
Yep those droplets as hard and colorful as ice LUL
dude like no joke phantom, i just got out of the shower and loaded up
this place is my calling wtf
i just wanted to tell you i just got out the shower tbh
24 days till we hang out btw
i still need to go get a new rolling luggage
i threw my old one out during my move cause it was all beat up and raggity
so i gotta buy a new one
i can't believe imma be at gdq in 24 days wtf
8 and a half hour enviSweat
phantom, are you bringing your gc to gdq?
i was gonna try and borrow someones so i can look into learning some of the tech in this
i don't have GBI so i can practice on NSO
wireless adapter? you playing on a wavebird?
i can probably pick one of those up
but nah seriously, i have GBI so i can run this stuff on actual hardware
i have this rom on GBA ED
okay i'm doing the BN6 postgame and i have a theory
i went find all my GBC and GBA everdrives
mayl's in central, yai's in green, dex is sky, chaud's in ACDC, tab went back to work. i think mick died
yeah i have x5 and x7 GBA and GBC
as maddy said he tried to be relevant and he died
i can technically use my Analogue pocket for savestates
a friend of mine ordered 2, one to collect, but he offered to sell me it
the only analogue i have is the Mega Sg
dammit mick didn't die he's by the penguins lmao
phantom out here like "oh i know where he is yeah"
oh snap, i can buy gift subs on my samsung smart tv????
shit lemme go buy a samsung tv
twitch just rolled it out an hour ago
looking to network with more MC players :) am no speedrunner but i have fun
just go onto the GDQ stage blindfolded
can hear game audio not you
i gotta look up the rest of the chips i need for mmbn2
I play something close to max rando
I also like Keysanity a lot tho
especially now with the shuffled dungeons
they do take awhile from scratch
I wanted to make no logic for years but it would never get past like 5 minutes in
So I made Open World to make it more likely to get somewhere
yeah thats just the cape jump
its just a room that requires cane to get up a ledge
I'm a pretty skilled glitchless player, but I haven't tried for any tricks yet. I should learn the skip to the ToD boss, though
next version will have kinstone packs and keychains, so having fusions on won't be as much of a pain
her name is Margaret Olivia O'Malley
*"PB'd any%" ey yo, good shit
kinstone packs are just, you get 1 kinstone and it will give you all the ones of that colour that you need
keychains too, just need to find one and you can open all the doors
We are planning on trying to make a setting so that when you get a kinstone it will autocomplete the fusions of that colour without having to go to the NPCs
these will make fusions far nicer for people to try
yeah for sure. but i like understanding the key logic
its so slow, its cool to learn and know where they are and how to access them
and messing with it for fun and profit
yeah I fully fleshed out kinstone logic to avoid grinding random kinstones (we also added an option to stop rng kinstones dropping)
time to add TP Hylian into the game so you can just have that as the language, since it is 1:1 english
OG's can be broken, like you can go to FoW right now
these settings are like a big fuck you to jack. he sold his cow for beans, you bring your cow up the beanstalk with you
ok, I have to take off - meeting some friends for karaoke. but i'll enjoy the VOD later :D GLHF!
you can warp to swamp and just walk to western woods
oh wait you don't have bow
I thought you did for some reason
but yeah you can OG off the stairs by link's house
Its on my list to add
I do want it, it will be like the tricks section, you select which kinds of glitches you want required
pretty sure doing this with select is very random
if it works like boots on L at least
yeah ocarina on select is pretty weird, boots on L as well but its not as noticable
its just how the hack works, it juggles the ocarina to B, activates it, then puts the original item back
so you never see it change
Just got settled after work, how did the race finish up?
This function happens at a different part of the frame calculation so I guess that explains how it makes OG fail
say OG works because it does item calculations, then does other link action checks, then if the hack is run at the end of the frame then its completely at the wrong time
I don't actually know becuase I didn't look into it in decomp, but I guess that is a decent enough hypothesis
at risk of dying in crenel, is this rando or any%?
oh yeah you don't need to water the bean because of the crest
also that save promp was massive
I need to try and make an itemless setup for after Boss Door Clip for rando applications
flippers and gust jar to do lilyclip makes ToD so mcuh faster
then transition left and go down
this is one option for that Boss Clip, the other is the any% strat
what you just did is the hundo strat
I need to check the manip out again and see if it can be improved at all
hundo manip is the same as the one me and TGH do in octo clip, which is different to the main one in any%
Hey-o! My new PC just arrived today and i've spent the last 3 hours setting it up
It's not too bad, the new rig doesn't like my 32gb of ram, So i'm just using a an 8gb set for now
about 2 years old, Corsair Vengeance RGB Pro
still way better then my pc
Yeah, Mine was a pretty good PC that could handle most things, But it was just time to upgrade. It was making itself known that the 1660TI couldn't keep up with the newer games
i play newer stuff on my ps5 i don't really care about pc gaming
I moved over to PC just so that I had access to more of the indie games, In all honesty, Lol
the indie games on pc are really cool
same usually xbox stuff i play on pc
I only really keep track of certain releases, Like i was watching Dead Island 2 for a Long time
dead island 2 was pretty good got the platinum for it
I was working through it still slowly between work and also waiting for this PC to come in
im waiting for diablo 4 to come out
dead island 2 was supposed to originally launch in 2013
It swapped between 8 developers in total i believe.
It is dead island in a nutshell
there a area in the 2013 trailer that still in the game
The main positive thing I can say, is that is tickles the zombie apocalypse REALLY well
it was way better then dying light 2 that for sure
got killing floor 2 for ps4 for free but never play it
left for dead 2 was so good back on xbox 360 i did buy the steam version but haven't replay it yet
Hello Phantom, looks like you couldn't keep away from the randos for long. You know, the backlog is good in case you are on vacation. Although 2 months might be a bit much like you said.
They don't need to all go on YouTube anyways. I usually just hang out on Twitch anyways. Something about the live feel.
100% it's best when able to stop in and interact with the streamers
Yeah, there's nothing like being able to harass Phantom live.
The times i can't stop in i 100% put the vods on on youtube and Pass TF out
Do you remind them to check Town Digging and Mt. Moon as well?
Oh wow, I completely forgot GDQ is so close!
Hmm i might make you do a all sanity rando when u get back
That week will be like when Itchy and Scratchy went off the air and all the kids went outside. JK
You'll have to remind us what time, so we can watch if we have time.
Phantom, if I ever move in, I'm buying an air fryer
..... there are stoves w/ air fryers built in????
my oven have a air fryer built in
what day you leaving for gdq?
you beat the HELL outta that chicken
The best seeds in AlttP are when something important is on pedestal, because that means ALL dungeons must be completed rather than just the 7 crystal dungeons.
I love that. Locked behind 4 DHC keys
We didn't just get an eyeroll, we got a full blown face palm.
i never seen a ww rando cant wait
I'll have to save all my chores for tomorrow and watch it while doing crappy tasks.
save all your anger for tomorrow, when you are forced to check cannon minigame at spectacle isle
Should I derust my sd and teach you some things
It's like way easier to show though LOL
We'll do it live, I'll write it and we'll do it live.
do a faster route than his
Good! Playing Breath of the wild right now in anticipation of the new one coming out soon
I think you made every WW player upset by putting ww on Z
I haven't done a WW rando in like a year. It's pretty fun
A button that makes storage not ass LOL
you sound like you support feather on X in link's awakening
I did that in komari's last night, that was amazing
yo ice! Did you get heatball?
You can save gramma now peepoHappy
Yo gl with not knowing what youre doing phanto274Shrug
Snake, what are you doing on windfall island?
I got the Big Bomb PA finally
phantom you can just jump that gap
ultrabomb does breaking? thats news to me
That sidle is pointless the gap is never not crossable LUL
that spot is for hide and seek
I wonder if TimeBom+ does breaking too
so what all settings are active?
I gotta get the SSS license today
saw a thing today, Tingle doesnt have a mustache, thats just his mouth LUL
so after a year, i went back and finally beat elden ring
Yea you talk, pull WW, then play song after the neutrals
oh boy, tingle statues, my favorite
@Iceblue good luck, hope your folder is ready
I'm gonna adjust some things and put healing into it
The only encounters that really suck are the dominerd ones
that's great and all, but where sword
having multiple protoman3 helps so much
and the 4th one  you need grappling hook
what different link pallets are there?
i don't think specifically exe, but there is a mega man
man walks into my OOT stream, and says "peak great fairy"
two more and you get an item lol
i had a seed where my grappling hook was behind the 5 tingle statues
yeah, going crazy with the settings can make seeds go for 8 hours
that's pretty important for some stuff
shame you dont have the chart yet
Its been around for about a year now
best setting for 3d zelda randos
I remember when this was a dragon roost stream iceblueSad
Why would this be my fault?
Since firin bullies all your viewers
that like putting tnt under someone house in Minecraft
there a chest in his house?
i think it's just like a heart piece or some bs
no way a heart piece or i would of got it
Wasnt sailing fixed in ww rando?
SD Sail pumping with swift sail goes absurd
link sailing on the water: Cyclos: allow me to introduce myself
I finished the story for the rougelike mode in honkai 3rd
That was like a 30-40 hour game inside of the game lol
you can also make the boat get killed by the other boats just by swimming into it
Bombs are technically the logic for it but you can always get in here
i mean, it's kind of a weapon
sword behind 5 tingle statues Kappa
i always forget the path through this
There's ways to cheat it but they need a weapon and or a leaf
pretty sure it's the one by the floor master, at least it's meant to be
I could do this maze but I could not recite the order
stab 'em with the wind waker, then
Just randomly decides how long it takes for the stick to lay down
Only one that gets you anything is the green one cause it has a letter lol
THe other 2 exist to open totg
i thought you needed tower for hyrule portal
you thought you'd get some Great Sea music? HA!
You can only do it with something in your hand
It makes sense but it would def be better if they were just different buttons lol
should be able to do a bit of stuff on forsaken now
imagine being able to place destination markers
Linkus calls this sperm island because of how it looks on the map
Fun fact: the WW rando map tracker is what I mostly used as a reference when making the PM map tracker
you can hookshot here to skip the first switch
wouldn't jump atk with the hammer be easier
go up to where the switch is and you can hit the torch across the gap
it's at the base of the torch cause it's fatter at the bottom but you can def hit it
You have received your favorite twitch chatters, the smash ones
Dw tho phantom this island is universally hated
It is the last check people do a good 80% of the time
How ya doing Phantom and Chat?
Sub 2 is common for race settings for top level, average is <2:30
Races used 3 when I played
It's been a while though so they likely just changed with the season
sub 1:50 is prolly the standard then over sub 2 now lol
you gonna try all dungeons in the future?
Limiting dungeons just makes seeds consistently different in how you do it so I just preferred limiting it to 3-4
Like when you get DRC you route way different than like having WT
is dungeon shuffle a thing for this game?
ehhug.. colonel, I got a butter knife..
no sound in video games always feels weird
hold target then shield then hold back and press a i believe
you might not need to shield i don't remember
think u can from the other side
You can but it's only on like very specific ladders
Ganon cheaped out on the wood
You should be able to hookshot the chest
I wish I knew so I could tell you but I don't Sadge
The one time I played this rando it was with someone who knew the game way better
damn the rando doesnt have the super sail or w/e its called
You sure you want that though?
its what all my clients do anyway
I just got here. I wonder if you can do the reefs with bombs and hookshot.
That island has the grotto with the mirror shield puzzle.
I thought you brought her to the top
Is it an analog vs digital thing?
i just got back, we stuck?
Some programmer at Nintendo didn't expect people to take the springs out
This was the room I got stuck on in my first playthrough
You might not even be able to get past this room?
You're supposed to fire arrow the curtain
But you don't have element arrows yet
if only you had light arrows
they die in one shot from them
Probably just too far off center
yeah, wind waker is a very slow rando
this shit puzzle i remember this last time i got here i said fuck this and did boss key skip
keysy is always an option for future ones
bruh, OOT on standard controller has better aiming
while aiming arrows, hit L or R
welcome to why i haven't bothered with WW rando again
you got the 2 most annoying rando dungeons
forsaken is at least super easy. no keys to speak of
Do their clubs do more damage?
yeah, definitely prefer OOT stalfos. cause you can cheese them with deku nut
no dungeons, turn on sunken treasure. perfect compromise
this is at least redeads, not stalfos
Master sword is a game changer in this game
great spin attack makes this fight a joke
luigi's mansion did the giant ghost fight way better
woah windwaker nice hows it going?
Trust me it's a godsend for pg
You can jump slash onto that chest
Also just remember rolling does nothing on ice so don't do it
is it possible to have dead runs?
Grappling hook and boomerang are two items that are terrible not to have.
I know I've seen Linkus69 glitch through that gate.
You buy it from Beedle usually
I thought he had pears at outset.
The game is super big so if you don't know it well, it could be a rough time.
At least Outset has fast travel
aLttP doesn't have this issue. Some caves have multiple checks in one shot.
Yeah I think this is a rando that can't be enjoyed without loving the base game
It's also short, which is probably something Phantom probably needs.
for some reason, I thought you were gonna crash and go flying from hitting the island
What is MSS? I've never beaten this game so I'm not sure what you are skipping
It's that cell shading. When you go for a unique art style it usually holds up better than a game just pushing the limits of the console
If you aren't familiar with golden sun, the sprites in that game are gorgeous also for a gba game
Oh yeah it does, sprites in that game are good. Seeing that reverie trailer was making me wanna finish it so bad. I heard the new hoyo game looks a lot better. Like they learned a lot from genshin and it shows
T link gives me ptsd. Make's me wanna yell at shrumble
He loves it, we be going at it in the discord and idk who knows we are kidding
Damn, easily two best saint cloud players. I still tried to vouch for you guys even after you hadn't entered a tournament in a long time
Oh yeah shrumble is good, always have fun playing with him. He's really the only player I semi consistently play with
You talking about the lgs players?
Yeah I know, you tried to help people and people ignored you for some reason. I think it's because you were good and it bugged them. Like you tried to correct their misconceptions and their johns and gave them answers
Turns out you don't get arrows when your quiver is full NOTED
Do you still watch smash? Like do you know what is going on at a high level still?
When you say the meta like the direction of character picks? Like Steve and Kazuya?
Yeah nobody does that. People get hit by it a couple times in bracket and then go to Twitter to talk about this somehow -2 match up now because of their 10 minutes of experience
Yeah you have to know why the interactions are going that way
Phantom, chat, do me a favor: tell me NOT to buy more Mega Man model kits.
Especially when I've yet to assemble the one I just bought.
Yeah I do not get the same enjoyment out of other multi-player games
@buff00n dont buy the Chisao set Kappa
if it did, people would buy it just to destroy the lil' bastard
I am gonna go eat, good luck with the run and good chat
i wouldn't blame you this was cool at 1st
i would love to see the other 3 dungeons instead  of earth and wind
just keep re rolling a seed until u get that Kappa
...... why the FUCK is my phone just telling me that you're live
you're suffering almost as much as Phantom is rn
That's how I am about when it comes to driving / directions. I just know where I'm going and what to do.
Link just YEET'ing whole ass spears and big ass swords is one of my favorite parts of ww
all great games require a section where you sail across the ocean on a boat
imagine if the power bracelets improved his throw, he could throw that shit around the world
in an alternate timeline you pick up ganondorf's sword in the final battle
lol, just the the " BOMBS ? ? ? " split
this Luigi's Mansion ass lookin' chest
Ice G O T W O O D KEKW
i see we are in wind hell
yeah, if we didn't have to worry about that for rando, the dungeons wouldn't be so bad
it's just extra windy in forest haven today
just make all your splits rainbow
also I hope the WWR is goin well
MAY THE 4TH BE WITH U. GLHF AND GUARDIANS 3 WAS EXCELLENT
gimme a sec loadin it up to look
I also got the inside scoop
re roll until u don't get them
you pull the Mastersword with 3 objects.
but only in video games because i have no worries
downloading the rando 1.10, didnt see anything for junkin specific things in 1.9
yeaaaa cant find a thing on junkin checks
maybe someone on the WWR discord knows, aside of tht I dont see anything obvious sadly
I assume these two here (earth, wind) are one of the bigger reasons why people allow all them crazy tricks
like chest storage and the likes - at the same time I WISH one wouldnt have to just for the convenience of these two dungeons to not be a perma slog
i'm sad that fusion rando isn't being worked on
just for casual logic / non glitched logic I feel like given the amount of time WWR has been around, the ability to junk certain things would be neat yea
like - I only know windwaker storage and chest storage exists and have seen people break this game in half while playing rando bc WWR basically says "all bets are off" with that
QoL for a) set regions like a dungeon to be junked alltogether if one wishes to, or an overall ability to junk some things yea - I for one would LOVE playin this rando more often if it wouldnt be for my allsanity brain wanting the charts to be something
and since pre 1.10, hints were on the fish only, I just ran for it
basic check pool is always scarce on hearts bc so many of them land on the charts and such
I assume part of the reason for them to be junk is that you got so much and so specific sets of checks like say "big octo / gunboats" related as an example
and some of those are heart pieces normally, while tryin to account for all of them to be gettable without having everything on basically turns into "yep we playin hard mode"
like - my only good idea there would be to "turn more things on" but exclude the chart grabbings themselves
any other zelda rando I have seen other then this one, if you're not specifically playing with say chest size / appearance match contents, you're bound to get some health along the way
and as much as this game got soup dupe (so infinite soup to drink as soon as you got a bottle, but its a frame perfect trick afaik) just finding more health helps beeg time
like - to me at least, WW rando is not as easily to be picked up to most of the others I have played due to how specific you can already have the check total be which then cuts down a LOT of the health
9heart final ganon still is scary, and if check totals didnt change much since last I touched this one for like "race mode" settings, then 3heart ganon aint tooo uncommon there even
sorry btw for poppin outta lurk there with such a beeg info dump  PrideLove
this one to me feels like an interesting rando, but definitely feel like this rando lends itself to casuals WAY better if you turn a lot of shit on
outside of the charts themselves I mean
cus while the sidequest related things ARE more things to do, it would include a lot more accessible health
chest behind 7 armos is from the beeg lobby with the wind
all the way up there's a room similar to the double knuckle one afaik
north it got a door on the map rn PrideLove
PepeHands didnt play this in too long my bad
this one I think at the bottom got a tingle chest
BUUUT I dunno whether you shuffled those
got an IGN article for ya which at least marks all the chests too PrideLove just tingle chests arent included
up atop it got the map screen rooms with the chests marked
right click for the map graphic itself should help there at least
chest in middle of hub room you did just now I would say
its the other item at least
well for those 5 seconds I hope the map helped still PrideLaugh
comin from casual hundo in most zelda games, and 3d ones being a "played it once, memo'd it roughly enough to not need any help" my brain basically goes "oh and then there's this thing"
with OoT and MM now I could tell you which chest normally has what in dungeons KEKW but that comes from havin sunk muuuch time into those
if you want a ledgegrab out of leaf need to time a leaf "let go" which can be tight feels wise
"link let go of your stoopid leaf GRAB THIS LEDGE DANGIT"
ahhh so ya got "some chonk islands"
or whatever density means in windwaker PrideLaugh
other then that your best bet at routin that is zig zag quadrants yea
this was rolled on race mode or nah?
can you show your map for a second?
and you did not defeat king helmaroc then I reckon?
oh thats why the UI looks so good
cus if I get this right thats your last tringle piece
so a sword and lights from go is all rly
Just FYI, not sure if you'll ever use this layout again, but your alerts are on a weird layer
if only money would do a thing in WWR outside of the beeg quest with the flower tradings
there's the auction and speedy tingle yea
I had a seed where the last item I could do was at expensive beedle lol rip
@Sarakani and all money frontloaded cus we know how WWR goes? PrideLaugh
Nope didnt know how to get a lot of rupees very fast and was at like 100 XD
the other is the "play windwaker song" - its at the end of this bit yea
so back down, other crawl tunnel
yooo i got like 2000 hours in oot lol
hear me out I'd be down for friendly co-op on OoT as well
another crawly outta here to the chest if my memory aint fully whack
I can promise you, OoT and MM with their Chest size / appearance makes it be the same for health too
well - MMR has the heart containers in beeg ones unless that got changed
but not too uncommon for health in small chests / "useless" chests
I forgot how long the website for this one needs to load initially PrideLaugh
well it would be if not for racemode
cus race mode = unless the dungeon is marked on the map, you dont need it
well phantom ganon here would be first right?
or did you fight PG here already
this place aint got a good map
there is compass and map here yep
through this from here up and then around
musta been some hookshot related torch route or something I bet then
outside of this place (currently just settin up a tracker on my end) which other quadrants you got with single check?
so are there cardboard boxes instead of barrels?
If you hover over the check, it should show what all it thinks you need to get there
I will say whatever color I want in chat goddammit
musta been some hook related thing
for damage game only knows "sword" -> "master sword"
it doesnt know the respective forms of it with different damage
got a nice palette for king helmaroc though
for more damage there's grandma soup
"you want to deal damage? naaah"
cus RNG - this bird is just annoying
light up you chicken wing with mask PrideLaugh
you did defeat the boss of earth temple?
soo cyclos, I caught 1 chest at cliff plateau?
definitely got a guaranteed one there
I just renembered it being the quadrant south of windfall and went from there since gales
my bad on the description PrideLove
I think it was also at Shark island.
well - helpful he is I guess? PrideLaugh
@MarioManTAW TOTALLY not normal with this rando KEKW
I wish btw I'd not be sayin that tbh
the figurines reward afaik ALWAYS wasnt touched
so across the platforms into a cave
then uppidy up via baba flowers
check your stat screen real quick?
ok indeed still missing one, and didnt start yourself with 5 pieces?
The treasure chart doesnt lead to anything?
for forsaken fortress: renember getting a chest in a room with beds?
and "locales remaining" should be pretty low count too right?
I currently only got like 2 on my end but thats partially cus I dunno what you did and I just went and spammed things off
thats specific to the one below at hyrule
you got a spoiler of this one right?
would be "triforce piece" or something along those lines yea
@pethanct01 actually in the spoiler not labeled as doritoes PepeHands
Is that the cracked floor room?
my beds for that one: "dungeon map" chest or "small key #2" if you take the ign map I linked ya earlier
actually cross "dungeon map" it then gotta be "small key #2"
cus "big key" had a circular room with darknuts
definitely renember the room with the smol armos statues being a circular one like that with iron bars which raise out of the way of the chest
and that is the only other room which got that other then "big key" chest which has the darknuts
just gotta go by the acronyms of the dungeons
so "ET compass" / "ET dungeon map" and so on
barrier, then straight to PG unless you got refights on
nope you got all you need for win
got lights, got hook, got grapple, master sword is done
thats the minimum go req to reach ganon unless my brain is missing a thing (closed tracker on my end now)
then wait for PG to appear, light arrow bonk -> off up the stairs to puppet ganon and ganon
in this set of stairs gotta defeat all
otherwise the door to puppet ganon wont open
for puppet ganon, might be helpful if you got boomerang and bambs out
with rang you can make the snipes on the glowy bit easier, and in 3rd phase so does bambs if he runs through it
spin attack also works, BUT more risky
I didn't know bombs did that for third phase
we love when the rang just decides not to connect
3 per phase for the shots
if low on magic since you brought a fairy: as annoying as it is, the keese are your best bets since they solely exist as refill
so if you feel like it you can also just try for the snipes
yee just wanted to point it out PrideLove
wouldnt ever recommend it for 1st phase personally cus of all the wiggle on him, 2nd and 3rd compared to first is way easier to try fort ehs enipes
the snipes* I can type 
yea puppet ganon is very particular as a fight
the idea? cool - the amount of movement on him? too much
spider phase is free at least
now snek phase aka "hope one doesnt get run over" phase PrideLaugh
I dunno, link tried to be a pirate and cant use ropes like a normal person I guess PrideLaugh
up at the top you got a pot for shortcut past the rope at least
and a bunch of health in the pots
from here hook once closer yep
this room is the definitive "hookshot + grapple" check otherwise you cant get to the boss PrideLaugh
if it helps: backpaddle him here then go for A's out of that
ok we got past it thats what counts now its just hold R to win rly
gotta quickly meet zelda / tetra for the strat change I think?
yep game very smort we love
once he's stunned target -> A
good thing btw that zelda didnt accidently bonk you with the lights KEKW
cus YES she can do that KEKW
cus apparently light arrows hurt link
coulda worked around that by mappin both the analog and button to it couldnt ya?
yea forget what I said 
ah yes ofc game we want a 2nd playthrough of this seed KEKW
thanks for comfy strim and again as much as appreciated, sorry for bein so loud in help PrideLove
PrideLaugh you give me too much credit
i was joking about .1 with you
i was like second off on splat during the marathon run
phantom was getting lost in wind temple that place sucks
he had some help from some people i wasn't much help since idk this game well
i know oot mm and alttp pretty well
much better now that there is more sailing
at least it wasn't pre WT
i thought this was a speedrun
link doesn't know he just got ripped off
makar would never play the wrong song
oh my god this is my new favorite arrive modifier emote
Raven, you are tempting me to become an ffz subscriber KEKW
Why do you think I'm one in the first place LOL
That seems ridiculously cheap for pre-seasoned and pre-stuffed things
I think the last time I bought a 4 pack of fresh chicken breasts it was like $20 What
The fact you can do doubles makes it way better
Alpharad did when he streamed it
i need to get a new microphone
I'm trying very hard to hear anything and I don't lol
i kinda wanna start learning this game after GDQ
Why does whiscash get future sight
If anything, why does Whiscash get dragon dance Hmm
He needs to sweep that's why
Also sad cause there's no magnezone in this
But I got magneton expecting to get it >:(
the best part is coming up
so if i learn this, you'll learn z2?
like obviously, i still wanna learn seasons
His twitch did tell him to play z2
I keep thinking z2 is zero 2, not zelda 2
z2 is seriously not that bad
i learned it and got sub 80 in literally 2 months
Funny enough, I can't use a dogbone
But I love the SFC controller lol
idk i've been having issues with my raphnet for my n64
Are you gonna move to that corner or just change up some shit
That's the desk that's going to my room right
Ohrocks started the roguelike pokemon and found a shiny right away LMFAO
The shiny charm is prolly something you can unlock
I've been getting achievements idk what they do for me tho my run isn't dying yet
Phantom5800: It's so easy when the peahat doesn't get sucked
wanna race a ww rando with me? I haven't done one in like 3 years
I dont even know how to set up ww rando
it was really cool at 1st then wind temple said hi
Medley's dungeon isn't as bad as Mekar
after seeing you and someone else playing WW I kinda wanna play it now
the 1st 2 dungeons would be pog
gl with the run / runs PrideLove
Isn't the tower also a dungeon?
6 total given that forsaken fortress is counted as one from the rando side of things + has a boss with heart container and such
not at least with how race mode is set up to work given it has an auto junk on for the ones which arent a triforce piece
like - I would dare say I would take race mode guaranteein where you get the tringle pieces, but the other dungeons still havin possible items which are needed
Who is a good windwaker streamer? (not Linkus)
phanto274Shrug I rly cant tell ya why it is the way it is, I just know it is the rando which as much as I dont mind the vanilla game, in rando becomes really arbitrary with what you need to do / dont need to do for win
So what does dying there do?
or did I blink cus brain headache
kinda got scared for a sec PrideLaugh
that chu wasn't trained very well
hey all glhf. I got the inside scoop of ToTk. Are spoilers still not allowed?
Alright it's that time of the week, where we talk about why TOTK is gonna be great. Reason number 1. It's good. Reason number 2. It's good. and finally Reason number 3. Please play Minish Cap it's also a good game. Thank you, that is all.
doin fine this week. When u seeing guardians 3?
@Iceblue okay but you're awesome so uhhh got em lmao
You know what I have for that?
Ice blue ur here to hope is well!
It will be when my pizza arrives
Have you tried getting it by accident again?
I need a peanut butter sandwich from this
Why does the JP logo look so much cooler??
currently I honestly would take a "make headache go away" pizza CorgiDerp
Bacon and Ham on one, and Pepperoni and Sausage on other
@Iceblue Just casually doxx yourself and I'll be there in like.. however long it takes to get there lmao
I live at 69420 Nice Blvd
It's PB in my heart <3
I did it for my Firerod records that I grinded offline
could also do a fail montage after 
I've wanted to do a "WR Explained" for a while
as in after an explanation thingy I mean
yea unless glitchless has beeg things already, that sorta thing definitely feels more towards the trick / glitch heavy side
TGH made a Viewer guide on google docs that they had a link for when doing runs
lookin at it from the POV of knowin someone who's been VERY helpful for MMRando who now is semi frequently updating a full tricklist of things they know for rando side
from dungeon movements to other things and such
I want to do a 'pannenkoek' style in-depth explanation of minish cap mechanics to fully explain why things work on a deep level
"This function gets called, and these values get writen to these memory addresses, and now link is out of bounds"
watch for rolling rocks has nearly 5M views 
oh yeah its unheard of in NA
it was one of the last fully original zeldas wasnt it?
forgot half of the sentence there c.c
which shouldn't have mattered since DS plays GBA np
I still have FFTA: R2 in my DS
now, when Switch release, 3DS died hard
but its still "older console game while new console is out" sorta
if you don't count PH/ST then it was THE LAST original 2D zelda
I count them more as a top down 3d thing in a way
they definitely fit both in ways
I never used streetpass and I regret it now
I loved StreetPass. I also live/work in an area where I'd have 10 passes by 9am
From what I heard about it, it sounded really cool but I feel like I would have never been near enough ppl so idk
ALBW is 2D, its just not wholly original (despite having a lot of differences)
there was one guy at the office who had at least 10 3DSs just to streetpass with himself
it was really funny going down to lunch, checking passes, and seeing a line of this guy all playing different games
"and here is why I dont need cartridge boxes" *pulls 10 DS systems out oneself's pockets*
fun fact, TMC has a z coordinate value so its a 3D zelda game
and clearly had too much disposable income
OR he was good at salvaging ded DS systems
which - the DS / 3DS family had A LOT of ded systems bc "oh yay look the 3yr old gets a system and breaks it within a week"
I added the player struct to the memory address sheet so you don't have to read decomp to view it
I miss my Majora's mask 3ds so much it was one of my most prizes possessions
Had to sit at school in the bathroom ordering it
also decomp had some odd/missing names for things which I adjusted
is it a true Z coordinate, or is it like "Link's on layer 2"?
@janitorbeav bet the answer is more complicated then that PrideLaugh
@janitorbeav decomp is like 98% nonmatching
but from the feels, I'd assume it is layer based
just with up to as many layers as the overall area would need to function as visually shown
@janitorbeav Links position off the floor is stored in an actual memory address, yes there is a layer system that handles collision, but link can move in all 3 cardinal directions
glad I wasnt too far off from a non "has seen code" perspective PrideLaugh
also would assume most of that height related comes into play with the cape
I am (trying) to relax but I hope youre well jcogLove
@Jonxhas yeah pretty much, link jumping/flying, flying enemies, basically to place the shadow at the floor dislocated from the entity sprite
if you noticed those enemies in the lilypad section falling from the ceiling, stuff like that
@Jonxhas and to differentiate between "cape flight / jump start -> midway -> end" then since I faintly recall there being differences there which also the "stabby cape" scroll (whatever the name is) takes advantage off to function
Im still recovering so some days are easier than others ^^
@Jonxhas Thats all handled by player action and sub action values
@Phantom5800 can I post the link to the memory sheet?
bot with the coherent sentence, but misplaced
the bot just says "no BK skips everything else fair game"
some people like their rando no logic rules to be like that PrideLaugh
I should make a main page that does some explanation of how everything is layed out
interesting to see a 2d zelda havin both even if half of it is just for visuals like shadows
as in both layers and a Z position I mean
that boulder bout ended it all too
Hyrule Castle escape is a good one
this section is the only reason i wanna run it
so i can start to fuckin hate it
sky cabbages always are worth the hate even if here they look like boulders KEKW
there's just enough rng around them that they can fuck a player well PrideLaugh
i think i'm going to do paraskip
i think the run i'd need without it is unrealistic
ah the mistakes of 1 extra encounter on clippy and getting a 3 bounce blooper
anyway how much better do you fucking want me to get lmfao
im doin my best out here
Fogo de Chao is on Phantom at GDQ i guess
that's like 1.25 Arizona Ice Teas
you get one little sliver of meat for $2.50 at FdC
pog i just got my 10000 trophy on PlayStation
I went to the one in LA the one time I went to E3
was on company dime, and I'm glad for it
i think i just cracked the code on para skip
wouldn't it be cool if i did that at gdq haha
i might do that w/early seed if the sfx incentive gets met
at a very specific time too lol
simon cares about your story progression both when you get the lyrics from him and when you turn it in
so i have to go to ch5, seed dupe, get the lyrics, go to ch2 again, get the melody, enter fields, kill laki, then turn in the melody and do double clippy lol
i didn't either until i was making the incentive vid for gdq
i had to start over twice bc of it lmao
the composer doesn't give a shit though
he'll take the lyrics at any point
but simon cares for turning it in
which is probably the weirdest part
so the only spot where this can work is if i get the melody after seed dupe
and then retrigger ch2 and turn the lyrics in
then you have to enter fields and turn the thing in to simon after
sounds like beeg whacky shenanigans PrideLaugh
^^ made as much sense as the following does: "why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food?"
and with that, I must depart. GL on the rest of the run!
The Digdos staring at the camera speaks to my being
I don't squat about FreezeMan, but isn't it running up, down and all-round the Net, multiple times?
MegaMan.EXE: Are you sure about your grades?
The person who designed that scenario should be fired.
If I had to do the same bloody tutorial every homework assignment, I'd blow it off as well
I think the implication is viruses kinda went away after W3 was deleted, so Lan hasn't busted viruses in month
I've never done a day of summer homework. Even if I actually was assigned homework.
Imagine an area getting more dangerous cuz a blue boi moved away
I do love the aesthetic of BN2.
BN2 held back because of the frosty dude
"Gater"? "Darkness"? Nah, that's the weak SHIT.
Prism + TreeBom is the one true PA
Air -> Quick -> Shadow -> Knight, I think?
young buff00n would've killed for an "Escape" chip when going through BN4 UnderNet
It takes weeks to wash that forehead
It's fine, Yai is just relaxing in her bath
what's so strong about dash in BN2
don't forget that if you're trying to get custom style, to grab more than 2 chips per battle
It was not a good seed let me tell you
Yoshi kids required and not able until after ch5 was beat
Warehouse key being vanilla and then parakarry was behind the Merle check so I was dumb and didn't get him until late
It was just a very annoying seed overall but I was right and Adam beat the pants off of me KEKW
I was having a bad streak of DNF's so ty for the gg
when the bad is good enough
That kid has a frog mouth
Axl could help you there Kappa
Seems I missed my boy  Arashi already
boulder are there just to be there
The crisis theme playing for the bear is something LUL
Our bear got a virus and then they attack you LUL
everyone separated from Lan is like Mario dispersing the Party from his pocket  LUL
now if you only set the bombs off Kappa
The ones next to the viruses LUL
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on  viewers. shop
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on  viewers. shop
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on  viewers. shop
Wanna become famous? Buy followers, primes and viewers on  viewers. shop
i was trying to  but u beat me
But I wanted to become famous Sadge
I wish we all could become Mr famous Kappa
How does his PET have a whole comp in it? LUL
that the 1st time i seen 4 bots at once
i was taking cover to banned them but u was too fast
ProtoMan is the COMPLETE opposite of humble
When you think about it, battle network is just like Scooby Doo Kappa
about to end this man's whole career
5-7 is an annoying range to hit.
It seems you havent taken the advice of Jim he too knows the power of the legendary guard * Kappa
did you do O cannon? Kappa
Yeah its cannon A through E
This fight gets even better with hard mode LUL
kid me didnt have Buster max so he used Z cannon LUL
I had no idea of bodyguard as a kid
I am thinking air shoes would help more LUL
that's a specific spot to be standing in
can he just say that about Chaud?
going straight to the classroom is WEIRD
" Tell that bitch of a sister (cousin?) I'll be back when I'm READY "
Just input the cold punch and bronze fist action code Kappa
I only just learned that guts punch strut and impact along with Bronze silver, gold fists and cold punch all have action commands LUL
Good thing they brought it back in BN3
that's why those characters are in the font
and he was never seen again
haven't played smash in 6th months, lowkey wanna get bodied by MVD again tho NotLikeThis
Undernet 5 is fun. Roulette between like 100, 300, or 50000
running sketchy scripts from the internet
been watching the pape rando youtube for a while but the first time I have caught you live
yes karate chopping the machine is how you type
we don't even get to fight the lackeys
Oh yeah! Good old elec cust Kreygasm
You get the best charge shot after all Kappa
but elec cust is the best against snakeman when you dont have your chips Kappa
But wide sword L is amazing Kappa
They are there for people who miss their wife swords like Mick Kappa
the animations are S tier just now for Lan
"this is mortifying" tfw a 10 year old beats you on xbox
Its mortifying that elec cust was good Enough to beat him LUL
can't do homework when your not "home"
Seems that charge shot is good after all
I don't think Yai's phone is very relaxing KEKW
She's a cutie, so I GUESS she can hold on to MegaMan
WOW, Chaud being a homie? Huh.
i thought i never see the day that chaud is being nice
if zenny === yen, then you had like $30 USD
rip that toadman you just got
lil' [EXPLETIVE] doesn't take shit from ANYONE
Hiya Phantom! How's the mega man today? phanto274BLANKIES
Well atleast its over all good fifiHYPEE
And now.. JIM! WAIT FOR US LUL
He has such a way with people
@str9ngwst9r thanks for the gift sub phanto274Hype
Lance would be OP in this game
I was worried you were about to try GateShoot
There is a PA you can get now. Prism plus treebomb for GG Kappa
The ultimate power in the game
Just opened this stream as I sit playing BN2 in Net area sitting at 420 HP
"A wandering numberman" not sus at all
Does that happen with anything you throw into it?
Wild...unrelated, I'ma take a second and adjust my folder..
I'm just mad the game gave me shield style
I know someone who hated shield so much he immediately ground out the 200+ battles to get guts instead
what did i hear that right
my kingdom for fstgauge and fullcust
" Ma'am I am 10 years old. "
You are having way too much fun LUL
Ms Millions? More like Ms Cougar Kappa
" Lan, how was your trip? "
You should go to the undernet and fight shadowman
Maam I have 500000 zenny worth of chips, I'll take some jewels
Yai, you're rich. What could I POSSIBLY get for you.
Pride looks like she needs some sleep
If I could have only hated you with all my might! Way to go chaud LUL
You'll be nutting on everything huh?
Nut the prism% is a real speed run category too LUL
69 chips filled out in the library! Nice
If you nut prism while he's in stoneform, I wonder what happens..
And a trip to the undernet before we leave Kappa
Please, you need to be at the airport by like 7am for a 9:30 takeoff lol
Ah yes! More pressing matters to getting Heatman chips at the airport Kappa
Bring it on it should pay for my expenses! Chair being such a bro LUL
Could go to the undernet for Var sword Kappa
I think its in under square
I forget how much var sword is
heya Gaus just casually chilling there I see?
Lance?! Would have been amazing for thunderman
welcome back to Netopia in BN4
This whole scenario is a favorite if you dont get lost in the comps
Yeah its worth finishing before we get backtracking the scenario with freezeman
His reviews for prostate exams are...mixed
Yo! Now you can input the action codes for silver fist
Our boy for the whiskey LUL
Moments like these make BN2 great
NetBattle? Nah, son, we droppin' RHYMES
the lady npcs in BN2 are phenomenal
One of the best moments in the series
Wonder when the no-G-code patch will be available on LC
Jack was... " Jack'd " away from his brother.
I said "petty authority", didn't I?
Xenoblade twitter is currently FUMING over Skye Bennett having a headcanon
you were the only one here
yeah i was discussing this on discord
i can see her take honestly lol
She didn't even say anything wild lol
" M R . S I R "
ill give you body guard hell I dont carre
Lan gets back home, and Dex immediately asks him to square up. They're homies.
looks like there's a bunch of little hits getting in there?
When a Prism takes damage, it deals that same amount of damage to everything around it, but without actually counting as a hit (so no flinching or frames invincibility happen). The weirdness comes from the Prism "colliding" with something: every "frame" that an object is inside a Prism, it will do "contact damage" all without counting as a hit. Cheer100
ok, makes sense. Thanks for the explanation
so that's just the IWIN combo of the game, or is that just something that works really well against GustMan?
remember phantom, wind fan gutsman = Gutter
so why the seed bomb + prism? Deals the most damage, or can you use any of the other grenade-type weapons as well?
Yai gave you her pocket change
@janitorbeav treebomb works cause it stays on the field for 90 frames
Dude's brother is assembling an alphabet folder, apparently.
@janitorbeav SeemsGood  What's the theoretical maximum damage? I presume this combo also stymies any sort of casual PvP...
wait? did you do all this on stream already?
prism is fixed on PVP to function how it works in BN3
You think Lan keeps that NAL Pass for BN4???
what color is that ice? blue
yellow ice? did someone pee on it?
"I'm going to sit here in front of it"
Oops, Im thinking of yellow snow. Shouldnt touch it.
you can trade your style online
Why does elec charge shot SUCK so much
Not stong enough to beat the strawberry-flavor ice
okay, the partner arrive emote is funny to me
@Axl_SR i don't want to think about what that implies with the red ice
i do not mean the potato variety
punching rockcube stays in my folderr just for dominerd and hardhead
you can find them in yulnad net
did you start the trade quest? it starts with invis* which is also in yumland
the quest ends with big bomb* which is traded for folder3 which gives all the field line chips you can buy in the undersquare
after 6 games id run out of ideas too
4th grade NetBattlers > Grown ass Official NetBattlers
Do you have to go see Dad every time you find the item for a new cure/
at 170K points... luigis mansion will be soon LUL
shoutouts to Iceblue in the game
i can't believe phantom's trying to break you ice
sparky has more encounters in yum2
I had a harder time get invis* than heatball lol
fishy3 doesnt have a drop table so you only get zenny
yeah, its not a random encounter in this
im so glad im done with bn2
I only have 6, ill help you guys with what I do have
I spent good rng on the wrong invis
I do wonder where the final reg up was that i missed
You'd be here for another 6 streams
Trying to get invis 1 *
that mission sends you to okuden lol
I know where they are but dont know the order
as a kid I went to netopia looking for this guy
To beat the shit out of dex
You need to cripple the child
duty free shop or mother comp 5, you have to S rank puffball
comp before boarding plane back to Electopia
there is a stand right next to it, if you talk to that you gett 2 reg ups
Phantom why did they make the vtuber fighting game actually good
do you have Jealousy J? Ive never tried it myself but hear it works on puffball
I found some fuckshit mix with a weird grab exploit
Ive never done it in this comp so im not sure
in mother comp I got for double gutsman 3 and dont move
cause it mother comp its only 2 enemies so I need the movement bonus
Posion Mask U and W is used for poison pharaoh PA
Cause they thought 2x hero was good
its why I go out of my way to get it as soon as I can
I grab catcher N during Plane comps I dont know where else its at
Yeah I got my catcher N by accident
hope all is well. man oh man. this is a struggle to not type the ToTk spoilers.
there is a gospel cube in den1 with a PMD with 30K zenny
you need to got to okuden for heatdata
And I was using it the entire game
it won't let me trade my heat cust
you have to switch to noraml style first
it's the "I'd love to trade" that's hilarious
its cause i have elec cust
game won't let ice have double eleccust
didnt know that was a thing
ive also heard it wont let you trade hub style
you should've taken ice's ElecCust for a hilarious dialogue, phantom
iirc if you trade a style for the same style megaman goes "but what was the point"
its really dumb you cant get antidmg until after freezeman
you "can" get there but I dont know if you have access to the GMD without S license
You need S license to get to Under7
oh yeah, there is a cube in under6 I forgot about
i hate this mission so much
nevermind im thinking of another one
69 is truly a meme number. 6+9=15 6x9=54 and 15+54=69!!
once dalus asked me for the answers, I made the last one wrong KEKW
you saved the prog in yumland?
i didnt know about bubbler R
funny enough in scenario 2 an NPC gives you Bubbler
is he supposed to be an American tourist or something?
Its like all the errors of the other games rolled into one character.
oh so everyone has poor grammar
I thought it was supposed to be like "this person is supposed to speak in a strange way because they're foreign"
I thought that as well, which is why it was worse than usual.
"surely you have this much money, 11-year-old"
the fact they address that is hilarious
oh wow he actually made good on it
100% interest, just like paying a loan today.
yeah that's a trend, there's a similar quest in BN6 that gets you 100K
if only I could do the same thing D:
now if you had a Treebom3* mayl that would help
Literal heresy in this chat right now
yes use the yumland gate key if you have it
excuse me healing is always worth it
its a mission, you should have it by now
while you are there if you dont have elecball its in goddess comp, reg dash and hit the ball for a free S rank
there was a copy pasta I did, sadly I dont have it anymore. It was about the rumor of the under square and the punch line was "too bad none of us will ever go there to find out" LUL
the only map I never memorized was Under6
i can't not see the large platforms in this tileset as the original xbox
I got to 1000HP before gospel, didnt know that was possible
thats why I just tried to memorize as much as I could
UnderSquare is the only place you can buy untrap
just learned thatt recently, didnt even know bn2 had untrap lol
not to mention I use Under5 GMD to manip shadowman encounters
i can't believe phantom loves elec style
also, hallo! I hope you're having fun!
(BN 2, last I read was BN 6)
this is truly a megaman experience
i got in an argument with someone who tried to say there was no narrative point in going all over the place here because the ice breaks on its own so you didn't need to even get the keys
the narrative reason is you going all over the place helps gospel's plan proceed further, ups the stakes lmao
like it makes more sense as a scenario narratively than most scenarios in this series
but the person was arguing that narratively it was pointless lmao
* SIGH * The classic: "buff00n, what's wrong w/ this electrical device I'm using? Fix it!"
LOL, just walked up and shot 'im in the face
Beat Chaud w/ his own Navi
what on earth was that just one shotting him lol
ice and us were cracking up about that when he got here
yeah ElecMan's operator is Gauss's brother lmao
imagine just doing this like 40 times
no pretty sure the second keyword wasn't FUCK
bah i need to shave lol
pretty confident i had a stroke reading her stuff there
consider this: you were on a plane that was hijacked coming from netopia not too long ago, it was almost disastrous. with that being so recent i think she's right to worry lmao
YO IS THAT AN RGB GAMER BUILDING
he's wrong he's just REALLY drunk :P
What other games do you like/ play
You should make a Minecraft survival world and stream it
kinda weird to pop in and tell the streamer what to stream specifically lol
like if you wanted to see minecraft survival streamed why not... watch a minecraft survival streamer?
phantom i think i made a new meme last night. even if it's just more of a personal one
when i did my big's big world run big got stuck in an animation lock and all i could think of was TALLY HO
yeah especially as a throwback cause the only other game to do that before was BN1
Also, "Two of Braves" is a SICK final dungeon theme
but yeah i shared the clip in your server. and i'm still getting people memeing about it to me today lmao
someone passed a sign that said TALLY HO FARMS and had to share it with me
This has been a good BN2 seed to watch.
it's a good thing Lan's just bloody indestructible, being around all this radiation
I like that it just absolutely never occurred to me as a kid to make my folder mostly/all one code
How to control radiation? Fuckin' shoot it
Lan: I'm not dying. Hanging up now.
I blinked, and it was over
You just have a heart of ice to not feel anything for Shawn Kappa
Outdoorsman extraordinaire, knows Yum Fu, and is a chip trader. Thats our boy Higsby Kappa
This is my father, "Dad" and my mother "Mom".
" Oh, Lord " - Lan Hikari, 4th Grader
And the Bromance begins here between Chaud and Lan phanto274Hype
to be fair i know a lot of parents who refer to each other as mom and dad in front of their kids, buff00n
smh my head lan should've just used pocket sand
cut the boys a break, they were saving the WORLD
and you're not at mt crenel
no resets are rough on the brain
do you prefer any% over gless?
I tend to value competition a lot
yeah but I'm not a gamer
I only know a few games COPIUM
GL on Oracle of Size-ons or something
BN and pokemon were all I knew during my childhood
I can't speedrun Dota 2 I don't think 4Head
did you have a good night sleep today?
i will be joining the lets go turbo ranks soon
my hand was killing me after my runs last night, aint doing it anymore lol
like i'll probably still do runs in the interim because i wanna get reps in and play the game but i am absolutely letting up on the mashing
i LITERALLY just loaded the stream
i strongly considered getting pika as my 2nd voucher when i preordered totk lmao
i beat water temple in like 14 minutes
i'm learning all the fast strats
How have streams been lately? I haven't been able to join much beyond a daily smile
so far, i've learned volvagia quick kill, dark link quick kill, early keys in water temple, and most of the room skips in the first 3 temples
i need to check something tomorrow cause i think work forgot to pay me for that day we were closed because of an event that i told them to use PTO for
yeah just gotta wait til tomorrow cause i can't see my paystub til then
the game went "these glitches look fun i should try one!"
claw went YOU CAN FIND YOUR OWN WAY OUT
friendly reminder that in wind waker, the gray one David Jr, was a guy who shipwrecked on Tingle Island and Tingle enslaved
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your run! phanto274BLANKIES
I was watching youtube and I got a 2 and a half minute ad of your bot explaining how to restore eye sight LUL
if it wasnt 2 and a hlf minute I wouldve played it here LUL
mt crenel, the mushroom filled explainathon of what is and isnt a glitch PrideLaugh
hope the run / runs are goin well, currently on a small hand rest break from bayonetta 1 - hard mode is kickin my butt and even if my hands can handle fighty games seems like, the speed of the fights is harsh still
yea I getcha when it comes to these things PrideLaugh
from the looks, those ocarina storage / door load interrupts or whatever + the map traversal of 2d games can be wild PrideLaugh
and to me with rando based glitch knowledge for MM on a mediocre level, when any sorta thing like that pops up, its always a headache if you dont have someone who knows what you're doing and why it can fail
M4's race time is legendary frightjar KEKW
when the rupee succs itself outta your pockets over givin you a textbox, you know the textbox was missed PrideLaugh
"just dont pull the statue sideways!" PrideLaugh
you're tellin me those types of interrupts are a thing nintendo had in more then 1 zelda game?
cus MM has similar things just by "when you play songof soaring when a auto textbox pulls itself, you softlock" 
you know what deku playground would be in Majoras?
if not: its a minigame related to deku, in randomizer the any and all day rewards are different prizes
on the all day one, they scream at you after you got the item again cus "oh no its the contest winner"
that textbox can get you into a softlock if you complete playing song of soaring (or any other song I reckon) before their textbox has completed itself
which is SLOW and while link can move around and such
learned that on a rando seed with glitch logic, 1000 checks after like 3 hours worth of gametime 
dunno how many checks I did but yea, stinks to have happen
MMR and OoTR keep these types of vanilla textboxes because they're not related to the item get and such
and I can only assume given MM's decomp aint done yet, figuring out where those triggers for that textbox are can only be so much more fun with that
yea fair PrideLaugh and in OoT you dont have much happening which could be as annoying as that, with navi not auto-interrupting you in rando cus those were skipped
in MM in rando you can just very easily see where the MM devs had to cut corners and where its rough around the edges more PrideLaugh
all this rando talk is making me want to play a rando
*says the person who yesterday played a combo rando of OoT and MM with someone who never did OoTR before and casually rolled 50 skulls required for MM's ocarina*
which only gets that much better given it was songs on songs, and MM's song of time was at colossus
wonder if the combo rando have shop sanity now
in a more wild fashion what I saw to how OoTR does it even
so instead of "just" 1 to 4 items its all 8 per shop
Gl on the glitchless! phanto274GL I take it any5 was mean?
last time i looked into the combo rando it didn't have shop sanity yet might have to try it now
@blacktiger51 shuffle your base wallet too while you're at it PrideLaugh
so you cant pick up money til you find that KEKW
puresa5Zeldawave Hi Phantom how are you? I haven't played this game since it first came out! I've heard good things about the randomizer though
@Jonxhas oh don't worry I'm turning everything on when i do it
I just remembered Palace of Winds with no boomerang Sadge
I came from your YouTube. I actually learned how to play PMR from watching your vids. puresa5Malonsmile So I'll probably do the same for Minish Cap if time allows
@blacktiger51 PrideLaugh you choose your crazy is all I have there then - for me ER is too much to handle brain-wise outside of just general sets, and therefore isnt near as interesting as just extra items one can shuffle
Im hunting a mudkip in emerald
Why does every house have a mini entrance
Also how many shiny zigzagoons am I gonna get before I get the mudkip
darn im this late it cant be
it was a beauty of a day. GLHF mah dude
Arlo put out an hourlong review of Violet and Scarlet. I need to find time to watch that.
I like the crazy reviews hes been doing.
You would disagree with the BotW one. I doubt this pokemon one will be controversial though. Sounds like a lot of good and bad.
Makes sense. The last PB I saw, I remember you being really mad at Vaati 2
Arlo is very unique and he has a very open minded way of discussing them. I dont usually get a sense he disrespects opposing opinions.
Youre saying he presented the arguments as though his opinions were facts rather than opinions, correct?
I dont remember, but I could see him speaking in a objective way about something that is subjective. Most Twitch and YouTube people do that in my opinion.
oh yeah, never said hello. Just came in, lurking
Okay, it went back up. Almost there.
Thats silly. Contents the same, just different background.
I did not expect myself to enjoy watching the Megaman shit, but I actually found it interesting enough to keep on.
people are petty. It's that simple.
@pethanct01 i never used twitter as well
Did things fail or just route rust from playing any%
Cause you get everywhere entirely different in any% lol
can you do it .4 seconds faster
what is helth if not a resource
and in zelda games if 2d => low of it near always
well have a good one all
Hello, been watching some of your Paper Mario Randomizers on Youtube
Never realized how similar PM rando is to Zelda randos
its about time for ice to show up
guessing he was playing wind waker?
oh didn't know he does tp too
Tp has such a shit end for speedrunners
the any% run of tp is pretty cool
I think its technically the most challening zelda
beating the 3rd temple without the zora suit is hard
don't wanna skip the best dungeon right
any% skip half of the best dungeon
Im done with my after school shit so I can go home at a normal time
you enjoy TotK how you do imo PrideLove
if it like botw i probably won't play it
did you figure out btw what was causing that whole wall stuck thing in temple of droplets?
assume its some sort of a thing with colliding height levels of some sort + walls on a corner there?
makes sense yea - cus if you arent matching that, game glues you to the wall NOTED
yup skyward sword was the last 1 and that game was okay
i only played it on wii
I couldnt even judge skyward sword controls well, we never had a motion plus wii remote and instead had those little connector things to make a non motion plus one be motion plus
which - the more parts you got to something the more quickly it breaks and borks
s literally that broke the connection of our wii remotes from gameplay more often then I wish to admit
the issue for me was the game just wasn't that good
the ds zelda games had way worst controls
both of them to me are repeated too often over other ideas which werent there with skyward
phantom hourglass and skyward sword both are fine given the scope of ds controls imo
how are you sword swiping so fast?
just that if sidequests are concerned, both also got their share of "what why" sidequests
if phantom hourglass let me walk with the d pad i would of played it more
brain, typing, all the zelda titles mushing into one
oh like the game I'm playing right now godfall shit game
the switch version have normal controls
inb4 you get fighting game controls
and you gotta press both PrideLaugh
the wii version of tp was actually good
I dunno - to me skyward sword while not the best definitely had some interesting ideas in it
just the motion controls were definitely not ripe at the time to do what they wanted to do with them
I can see your thought there, but didnt dislike it personally PrideLaugh
but I also had way more issues with the wii remote we had then with actual motion issues
for me the wii remote + motion plus was the biggest issue
cus it randomly just desynced the two devices
and then made NOTHING work 
so I had more breaks then I would like to have in Skyward sword due to just "take stuff apart, plonk it back together, sync the thing"
and then cus of that, my main gripe just goes to repetitive bosses and fi never shuttin up cus of how often I had to re-assemble the "controller" and fi then recognizing that as the time to remind me again about them half full batteries
i had the remote with wii motion built in
17 years ago? holy shit I'm old
tp was so good beat it like 10 plus times
the item shop killed it for me
i like finding the item in the dungeons
did the stoopid yesterday btw of look at windwaker rando for tryin to see what them settings all were / did again
and MAN does it not necessarily help when you enable extra things
like - I had basically 3 spoils bag locked sword upgrades cus 2 directly behind trades from that
and one on forsaken fortress PG
4 items in dungeons i checked
like - I feel like windwaker's map for rando is "just" way bigger then it is for like the actual items over the sea map
which in turn then obv. stretches out gametime no matter how you slice it PrideLaugh
so while I had like 250 ish checks total
it took me 7 hours to get 200 of them - granted glitchless, just doing tricks one could do once one knows
assume filename is needed to be p for some specific reason?
just was wonderin whether it had to be a specific character for some sort of thing
i didn't know that trick was 1 pixel
oof - no practice patch you'd be able to slap into console for this?
switch have save states dont it
its an improvement of like 300%
if casually you'd never do multiples yea
i remember playing around with the oob in link to the past with that 1 save state
well on the switch I'd assume the budget shouldnt be too big
cus like - savestates are smol
like - for N64 I never saw a savestate go past like 1mb even
yea but thats also just a random number I just grabbed
hang on lemme quickly check with PJ / Ra
ok yea PJ savestates go up to 3.5mb while zipped
in the zip it lists 8mb
so I assume depending on n64 game, its pick your poison due to what all they do save
intros be like that I guess PrideLaugh
I also guess that half of that is due to the intro being basically "just story"
dunno - if well executed, outside of a speedrun intros arent too bad - just that with speedruns comes that whole thing of "any rigid same ish thing at the beginning if it got like nothing big goin on might as well just be cutscene entirely"
and cutscenes obviously nowadays are way more comfortable to be skippable as an option
honestly I do like whenever a game specifically has a built in time attack mode even
so ingame time tracking without cutscenes added to that tally
well yea gotta be accuare ofc
so like - not exploitable by the likes of the timer being smart trying to account for lag and substracting the time then when specifically on PC you can simulate that sorta program lag / hang easily by overloading your system while palying the game
This is the only zelda game that matters this weekend
Some days yo hands just do stinky things and it sucks
ANd then randomly you play out of your mind for no reason
time to go eat food brb
mayhaps a stoopid question: for the likes of "new" randos for you you dont have any specific time in mind as to if / when you wanna do those right? just askin cus I renember that whole thing with OoTR as an example
am not on twitter much nah PrideLaugh
wanna have some built up content but not like months worth
can also only assume given recording sizes in resolution whatever, file sizes be beeg too
yea wanted to say 1080p ish for like 6h at a time goes easily to the double digit gbs
like - if you felt like messing with extra things for like audio mixing and whathaveya, you got the option
bouldy didnt get you yet PrideLaugh
just wanted to smash the stinky crust of ya not knowing you had already showered and bathed yee PrideLaugh
*relating that to link if not obvious*
I actually wanna play this again casually, off memory
doesnt this game ALSO have the audio cue for dinkin the sword into the wall?
cus I mean - this game really doesnt have too many breakable walls which arent marked visually already
that sounds like paw print island that one chest in the chu cave
where you gotta grapple up 3 times
I thiink I renember that one faintly yea
so basically similar ish to like half the chests in windwaker PrideLaugh
cus I SWEAR as much as I like to say I know'em all, most of the chests in WW just are money KEKW
the spoils mostly come from dungeons or the outposts even
like MOST of the chests on overworld are strictly JUST money
and the other few are rupees, shells
which - hot take, I did not dislike either the statue gallery in this one or in windwaker too much
yes, obviously for rando I get why neither is part of a check
but they were interesting bits of game for how to explain enemies over the "have companion tell you"
oh come to think: you didnt go into Forbidden woods on the seed you had for windwaker right?
I got spooked by the game when I did cus rando seems to now include a forest haven entry warp once you entered it once at the beginning of forest haven
now granted, I also dont need to climb the deku tree to enter forbidden woods but it still spooked me just seeing that beam of light KEKW
"what the - why is there light THERE" kinda moment
vanilla knowledge path into forbidden woods though PrideUwu
aka take boat, jump off boat into updraft -> be in forbidden woods
thanks for comfies, sad that the runs borked PrideLove
I am SO happy that BN Collection came out and made its waves before TotK took over
@buff00n TotK will never over take MY BN Collection wave #BNSweep
I have the BN4 vod playing on my laptop rn
Bump up Minish Cap to take advantage of algorithmic synergy
I left on the mx_four co-op vod as I stepped out earlier today
have you try the new zelda yet
I fall in the "I don't care" category
i haven't seen much of it and I'm not going too looks boring and i do not care about it lol
clearing my backlog before diablo 4
i only get a couple newer games its depends resident evil diablo trails ys and silent hill for the most part
Mario games are good... Hard to believe BotW and SMO are 6 years old
yeah most newer games is usually shit
Interesting... I've only really ever played Nintendo games (never had much interest in anything else) but I don't think there's a game I've purchased and regretted
Except for maybe 3D All-Stars, ironically
I just have different experiences bc I didn't grow up playing a lot of those franchises
i regretted buying so many games so i pick only games i know for sure i will like
WWHD was my first Zelda and BDSP was my first Pokemon lol
@blacktiger51 Generally same but without the regret part first lol
Any particular reasoning? Did they do something to make the game worse or did you just outgrow the formula?
you mean the best part of the game right
open world games put me to sleep
So that may be true of the AAA space, have you found yourself playing/enjoying any recent indie games?
there a indie that looks like a old 2d zelda game that coming soon probably gonna look into it
I bought Celeste and Cuphead at the same time, only enjoyed one of the 2 enough to play through till completion (take a wild guess which one lol)
Never played Hollow Knight but have heard good things
hallow knight is a great indie game if u haven't played it
tunic end game is too hard
i had to put godmode on
game is not easy at all
No, the main quests /are/ the sidequests Kappa
Meanwhile, I disliked Xenoblade bc you end up underleveled if you don't do sidequests or fight random stuff... To each their own
(Also the battle system is too complicated for my taste)
I only played 1 (definitive edition)
I've heard it's even more complicated than 1 but idk
Yeah, depth is fine, the game's just not structured in a way that lets you learn effectively
Also, yeah, the real-time menus definitely threw me for a loop
Still don't think I'd want to pay $60 after my experience with XC1
That's part of why SMO is great :)
Pretty easy to load up the game and beat Bowser in 3 hours even if you don't know speedrun stuff
i wish xenoblade 1 wasn't 100$ can
I swear every other time I get the tracker up for a race the same thing happens and the cropping is different
that sounds cool i will try to catch it i do have to help my friends on destiny 2 tomorrow so hopefully i get done before the stream
both phantom and morph playing their speed zeldas instead of totk like the cool kids are
these minish know how to landscape
I didn't see what language the save and quit was
Yo, you do TMC Rando as well
oh hey an English Cave of Flames
how do i get auto tracker to work with any real gameboy advance supporting CPU
hope the rando's goin well PrideLove
small MMRando horror story: you know about the spiderhouses there?
so a) you can shuffle 1000+ things total, and yesterday a couple friends and I played a maxshuffle glitch logic on actorizer
aka take anything possibly considered "an actor" + beta actors, shuffle that all
The fact there is a language rando setting is amazing
cus one had a token for the other to give oath KEKW
anyhoo just wantoed to share that, dunno how rough TMC can go there
given 2d world be smol PrideLaugh
we had a blast - just took us 8h to depuzzle it KEKW cus soaring was hella late too
so we had to walk places as best we could
good music for this spot though
wtf is that german or french
but yea I gots a stoopid idea to MMRando cus one of the peeps there has asked for it PrideLaugh and I should be workin on a plando on MMRando with glitches in mind
which - yeaaaa that's gonna be a roughie to create somewhat of a path
like - you know bomb hovering exists in MM and OoT right
so that obviously would have to be laaate
since MMRando doesnt give you custom hint support yet
i seen a mm plando and it was insane took someone that know the game really well 20 hours to beat it
out of logic? because this woulda had to have been 2nd?
When are you wearing a trilby on stream when you enter trilby highlands phantom
so either bambs or other items locked this one gotcha
just curious: off strim you got the chance to look at TotK a bit or not yet?
posted the thoughts on discord so the webscraping nintendo lawyers can't get to it easy
Suavemente, bsame Que quiero sentir tus labios Besndome otra vez Suavemente, bsame Que quiero sentir tus labios Besndome otra vez Sorry I just want to hear the bot say it Cheer100
they need to contact actual 3 letters to get the zelda details from phantom
it wouldve been better if my stream didnt buffer
oh no, rvpa last 2 go mode items were on yoshis lol
tbh what I feel like this needs just for shits is the ability to set sword colors PrideLaugh
so you could have purple sword in rando
gonna tinker a bit when it comes to the MMRando thought I mentioned therea1474TAP try to see whether my brain can figure out some neat things
u enjoying your trek up Mont Gonggle?
so Majoras mask and OoT got that double defense thingy right
imagine finding that when realistically, in most cases outside of learning you'd not need that much health
then you pick that up and afterwards you just dont look at things and pick'em up instead
after a couple hours you wonder why 10 hearts with double Defense just dont deplete when you need a ded void
and you end up smiling while watchin it deplete quarter by quarter
happy btw that you are one of the peeps which isnt doing the whole TotK hype - aside of that game, I just dont rly like these hype train type happenings around any new game
like - you know game of thrones by name I reckon
I straight up have never watched itjust because of how much hype there was around it
almost everyone i watch is streaming it
@blacktiger51 you tell me - my follow list is also filled with it
and while I dont mind people playin it, it just feels like that sorta "everyone is on it now" thing
i didn't watch twitch yesterday cuz it was only zelda
@blacktiger51 for me yesterday was simple PrideLaugh
granted it was a LONG AF seed we ended up playing
ah yes a good zelda game
see - I cant say TotK isnt lookin like it might be good - just not necessarily for me still
I'm sure its a great game but not for me
botw and totk is just not zelda to me
for me the only fallthroughs with BotW were really "just" that it had too many koroks and too low an amount of varied things to do on the overworld - which made me compare it to say skyrim or the witcher
and then it kinda felt like a skyrim but with a zelda skin sorta - not badby any means, just not the type of thing I'll heavily love
well... skyrim has "more" in terms of exploration in a way - it definitely shows that it was an early one
like - my beeg problem with BEEG open world rpg type games is I played witcher 3 really
which a) was relatively deep story driven
but also b) EVERYTHING had a tie in some way to something
like - its like when you went to that one pizza place which you LOVE ever since then
witcher 3 does look good i didn't play much when i had it need to rebuy it for ps5
and every other pizza place is "just another pizza place"
@blacktiger51 you got it on ps before?
and no access to the account / was physical
cus there was a thing with a "next gen update" for witcher 3
which on pc at least gave that to me for free
so if you bought it digitally, maybe you can access that blacktiger
yeah free upgrade lol if u own it
but yea I cant say BotW is a bad game, just not a game I can replay a bunch
aaand yea I never saw that one chest in vanilla 
very much feels like that one thing you learn in rando
sorry couldnt resist mixin the two KEKW
funny thing is i own witcher 3 on download on xbox but i no longer have a xbox
sooo if you were to get an xbox x or s you could get the nextgen thihngy via that
yeah or i can just buy the ps5 version when it on sale and I'm not broke lol its on sale rn
and given its overall still an older title should go on sale more often
yeah its not too bad either only 26 can will get it in the future
just dont expect TOO many changes with that next gen update
like - what I saw in the patch notes is mostly a graphical uplift
and some small bugfixes here / there
you tell me phantom, do I go slightly harsh on the plando or nah?
"harsh" = put something required on a fairy reward
BUT in a way so that they are not just anywhere
so like - say its the northern fairy, it ends up having something ==> I put all the respective fairies in north
like - I dont want to put something there then scatter the whole thing apart so its a "clear all" thing yea
yee thats the thought more or less PrideLaugh
dont wanna make it bullshit non readable
now which one though PrideLaugh the easiest ones for that would be north or east really
cus the others the others either a) got low area count or b) low check count
yea I think I can make that work
you got the swamp spiderhouse as an example
early ish in glitch logics mostly, like 50 checks there alone
then deku palace got like 20 across rupees and such
and the swamp itself + woodfall
as for whats on it: Fierce Deity mask sounds like a fair nab then - so it'd require to get deku mask
and Fierce Deity related use is half convenience half useful depending on how I do other things
so "the god which can slay the beast on the moon in seconds" can have failed his quest against the jungle warrior, splitting into 15 pieces across the region
max count of the fairies per region => 5, just gotta make sure to also put a note in that "fairies who's parts are also findable in clock town" are nothing
aka put one of each easily grabbable there
and go with the mention of "the fairy who's type couldnt be found easily within the town that turns around time" are not necessary to be collected
LET'S PLAY A MONEY-MAKING GAME, CHAT
sorry, only put 69 in PrideLaugh
i put 3000 got 3004 lmao
I got 1K for dumping 50K
Hey yooo, how's it going? phanto274BLANKIES
i won like 80k points by putting in like 400 points 1 time in someone stream
I do love a good gamba whisqScheme
we ain't win much at all, but a W's a W
i totally would start a gamba but then i cant bet  AngyTwink
you can create a gamba go in but you cant definte the outcome then
hmm good to know for the future
since obviously once you put points in you could be biased -> disallowed from ending a gamba which you put points in on
btw for funny notes right: MMRando currently ONLY supports plando through a specific file format
and the text inside gotta come in the more funny readable code based text
so say if you want to put Bunny hood somewhere, instead of "bunny hood" its "MaskBunny"
PrideLaugh so I am currently digging through ALL the item and checknames to get a list of all the things I need to place
then sorting through what I have placed and so on KEKW
no idea how TMC rando looks under the hood for say the swords
but for MMR the list for the B swords -> StartingSword, UpgradeRazorSword, UpgradeGildedSword
so the BK's give away where which dungeon is, gotcha
so its literally just "BK's inside own dungeon" with dungeon shuffle
gotcha gotcha, was thinkin there'd be some setting where you could have dungeon shuffle then the overworld specifically in that area has the dungeon related big items in the region the shuffled dungeon is at
like - say cave of flames at templeof droplets -> anything lake hylia would have the map, compass, BK of that
it currently from the sound then has it instead be "vanilla region" is the one where it can land, or inside
and it sort of ignores the dungeon shuffle then
oh yea I can see that easily PrideLaugh
the wallet just hangin in the town KEKW
Did you hear about my race earlier today?
will upload their vod to YouTube
He told me he got Sushie out of logic (required Kooper) so routing will be different
I saw that after I had to leave the house Adam, I can't believe it
I will watch the heck out of the commentary
Kooper was required 4 ruins keys, so double dip ruins was required
that seed i redeemed is very intertaining lol
so he won a head start?
It go time smaugyLETSGO_HF gymGO smaugyLETSGO
I can't remember the last time I had Weight the first trip to ch3 lol
It also somewhat depends if I have Portrait
im loving this bc there is divergence already.
he already called out your first boo mansion check KEKW
You get to hear my slightly filtered reactions
Need to make a choice between sphere and density
smart man forgot he had damage dodge on LUL
Not Damage Dodge, different Shy Guy attacks
Jump does 1 more than shoulder bash fyi
I'm about to exposed today KEKW
Probably did based on how late he checked Rowf
Could be, still don't know where the Train is
no sweet sugar cake for us
didn't care to make the cake tbh KEKW
In theory, it makes sense to wait until you find the train just in case you find another cake first
oh right, no train so I didn't think it was right to make the cake yet
"I should have made the cake"
also if I knew the trick to get Sushie and knew how to do it reliably, I would have done it here
Sometimes blooper just calls to you
I always save scum Blooper chest when I know I'm about to fight another Blooper
I want to see your reaction when I do find Kooper
the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonite
running 2 damage dodge is a good sub if you dont have last stand
one ch8 strat paperario told me about is forget damamge dodge, turn 1 unblock and turn 2 repel gel
according to it i'm almost 3 seconds in the future
gotta feed the out of logic ball to yoshi
Stare @adamX0315 how could u drop the repel gel
Knowing where another Ruins Key is, I definitely try to buy it before Mt. Rugged if I can
I guess it's more complicated if it's as inconvenient as Boo shop
One day i'll play Paper mario
yo hey Phantom, excited to see what I happened here as I was busy getting bullied by Rigby
3rd Ruins Key logically required for Red Station... for whatever that means
So the way I thought when I watched it - MegaPaul was ahead item wise, I was ahead logically
It was early I feel li
adam has nature on th side while paul has nurture. we shall see the divide.
Inb4 immediate Kooper and ch5 logically first clear
Crystal Berry was by Light Blue Yoshi
But do you check Tubba while in ch3?
oh thats right you can spook
1 Key, boots, Bombette, you get all but 2 checks
I was def more concerned with XP early on
I've honestly not made the lemon candy recently
I need to stop doing that
ok it's not faster, but is it cooler? phanto274Thonk
If Kooper happens to be there, you FC 7
Kooper basically go mode for 3 different chapters, huh
1 hr and still neck to neck no wins
Who ever ran into /that/ Spear Guy?
I dont know that trick KEKW
I dont frequently use parakarry so I dont upgrade him
Kooper literally gets you 3 whole chapters
I think there's a Honey Candy in play
Not sure what's going on but MegaPaul's timer is running slow
3 seconds over an hour is a lot of drift
Wouldn't the dropped frames have to be on Adam's end if that were the case?
I didn't drop frames yesterday I can tell you that
the race was a tie, megapaul just had a 6 second delay KEKW
super Adge in the mid of an important route decision KEKW
@Axl_SR wtf man why u gotta spoil ghunzoANGY smaugyAngry smaugyAngry_HF
That actually makes it kind of awkward to decide which is best between Ruins or Volcano first, you have to double dip one either way
Not if you encounter one of the fire guys YEP
but... what if you get an encounter every time you do that? HahaThink
I do the Laki movement bc I didn't consistently dodge the encounters
I only got here at the 55 minute mark
Diamond Stone on Yoshi chief apparently
I forgot to mark bucket today so thats possible
bad news: one of my fellow new-hires peaced the fuck OUT of the job, meaning I get more hours
good news: I WANT the hours, and it gets me closer to my first raise and gets me brownie points for volunteering myself
what made you wanna review this race on stream?
where's your danger mario god now?
I had the luckiest ch7 scaled jr ever today . I hit both dizzy dial and stopwatch
Also timer gap back to 1 sec, one of the timers is not in real time, I don't know which, I don't know why
Either one of the videos is slightly off-speed or one of the timers is not real-time
So that means Paul didn't go to Tubba's while picking up the Ruins Key
Shoutouts to "I don't need a Repel" earlier
I've learned a thing or two jcogSmart
Surely Tubba Key is here and the Palace isn't completely barren, right?
If this was live, I'd do a pred but...
hey we can still do it even if we know the answer bawkSmug
I learned today that mega shock works on watt
I don't ultra Sushie unless in dire situations
My favorite badge, as a bad player
oh no way that's how you do that, that's crazy!!
Or, just... don't use Watt in Duplighost fights? 4Head
oooo i like that bomb strat
I presume Paul's waiting for 3rd key to go to Tubba's but he can't
I hate wait. I wanna know now! What did you do?
doesn't the duplighost just not see you like ever
Paul's been ignoring a lot of badges
I feel like I go bottom every time and he never sees me
hope you doin well PrideLove just woke up my eyes seemingly didnt wakey well just yet
Making somewhat questionable decisions on which badges to get/skip
when are you gonna judge me
when you lose to Paul NiceSoftlock
so just for your sake, my brain thinks = do chapter clears first, nothing else
i'll be sure to lose to him by exactly 6 seconds, as adam and paperario did before me
I smell some heavy judgement sakuMood
I know some of the top players do it differently
god someone get me a bucket
s jump charge is 2bp, 6fp btw
*hands mx_four a durable bag* does that count?
sometimes rando just goes for stuff like tthat PrideLaugh
Paul either really wants to get 3rd key before Tubba's... or forgot he can and needs to go there
@Jonxhas I'm playing the oot and mm rando and starting with no wallet was a bad idea Stare
@blacktiger51 you mean it was a fun idea therea1474TAP
I never said it would necessarily be a GOOD idea, just that the idea in itself sounds fun KEKW
Oh I guess Paul's just doing moles while he's in 6 to beat Huff
think about it - links pockets got a rupee shaped hole, everything rupee shaped falls through until you hand him a needle to fix it
its wouldn't be that bad but i only have bombs only if i had a shield
I get the idea of not wanting to come back to a chapter after beating it, but 6 isn't that slow to get back to
it makes sense if you can clear them fast
This play could def make sense in a dungeon shuffle setting
But with ch6 in Toad Town, not really worth
@blacktiger51 see I get that - but from MMR where you can shuffle shops right, and stuff like the red potion as an example or milk from the cows can be rando'd into a rupee spot right - imagine running somewhere without the needs to keep what you pick up, and the item just falls through your hands
like - yes it might be annoying, BUT its a funny thought to me therefore I cant say I dislike the child wallet idea because it applies it to rupees PrideLaugh
I didn't want to fight blooper yet
Adam said earlier, only chapter clears. No checks, only clears.
i also kinda prioritize chapter clears tbh but i'll still go to some places first
Coney just watched ltc top 8 and didn't talk about the game once
yeah there's like 10+ without fighting lol
Probably ch3 honestly, not sure if there's even anything else
Goomba King, that's about it IIRC
Pie jumps but not by much
assuming you set them up quickly
it's also less risky to Parakarry
I think Paul is missing cake, I don't recall if there was one laying around in ch7 or Tubba's
Yeah I think Paul skipped both, an extra battle in a ch4 double dip
He doesn't know what scale stuff is, might also be anticipating 3rd key
Based on what Adam said, I would agree
Does spook work on all shy guys?
Does that mean just not anti-guy?
someone asked me in chat "I feel like anti-guy is never progression"
and literally today the weekly had something for progression
Picked up the hidden block and turned around
I just do a short spin right before the flame guy
Or wait, maybe just hit the hidden block on the way back nvm
First time I've seen someone do the top items first
Since there are no chapter clears next, hoping he goes to prologue
its weird seeing sun light at 11pm LUL
ur goin super saijin with this commentary
I was okay with where everyone was
oh yea, Rigby finished his race before I started mine
But what if Star Haven? Kappa
No we raced at the same time basically
But Rigby did get a 2:50 so...
Those stones. One of them always seems to be missing
thinking in acronyms work well for me
Paul also has a million repels
Got the key and went to 3
Tubba Key was in sewers, not prologue
Adam's insistence on prioritizing clears is not doing him favors at this point
Pretty sure he never did the cake mix fight, we'll see if he beelines there
I think it really depends on the number of checks left in an area and number of items left for go mode whether it's worth it to prioritize clears
Endgame marcoMode gymGO marcoMode_HF pretty much
adam talking about his speedyspin extended warranity KEKW
if I need items for 2 and I have a choice between deset and prologue, prologue always goes first
And it shouldnt have been this close
Final boss time with 3 hrs being reached
that would include all vanilla checks to right? not sure if it feels worth if you dont have kootsanity, lettersanity, ect.
Would you have to actually collect the items for that to work?
There's already a check tracker in-game that accounts for what's shuffled, probably wouldn't be a big deal to implement at credits
But yeah, needing to collect the item makes it weird
what about items just on the ground?
Want to sync up timers again for ch8?
Wow I can't believe adam is hammering goth peach
Hello "back, i'm ice" I'm MarioMan :)
I thought I made a clip of Morph explaining how to dodge embers but I cant find it
hello back hello im ice hello marioman im a greek name u wouldnt know how to say.
greek doesn't have #s - can't fool us
adam stop thinking and just kill the boss
I had 3 hop thats why I stopped
this is what happens when I question myself
that rebadge was longer than my glitchless run
Iceblue: that rebadge was longer than my glitchless run
mx_four: Iceblue: that rebadge was longer than my glitchless run
Dang, I see why we're watching this race
this looks like my race with lopez at pdq lmao
adam i hope you're happy, i stopped playing totk just so i could roast you
nah i'm seeing this through phanto274Smile
Let the bashing and bullying commence
This is why he is called junpman Kappa
thats a new one for me
is heal possible at 25% difference, or must it be over 25%?
No way Adam lost this to menuing
adam if you did nothing with watt and did bouncex4 you might've tied
i swear i am the king of rolling bad seeds this rando I'm playing is hot ass
didnt want to stop the timer, beeg mood can respect PrideLaugh
reminds me of the weekly last week
when i beat nsingman by 10 seconds
that was the craziest endings ever
One of the best endings too
cus I have heard NOTHING good for combo rando 1st seed experiences KEKW
@adamX0315 I'll pour one out for you, mate
top tier content... watching someone else KEKW
this was a cool steam was fun bullying @adamX0315 Kappa
@blacktiger51 that's the kinda work ethic I wanna see from a Phantom5800 mod
thanks for comfy times to wake up to therea1474Love
He just finished the AVGN trials
i haven't seen a single bot message all stream
the buster alone could carry you in a good chunk of fights in this tbh
yeah i noticed it's not as good in 2
especially with the enemies having more gimmicks to deal with lol
graduation I went to tonight the valordictorian had a 4.78 GPA and got accepted into harvard. I wish I had an ounce of that kids motivation.
come on fishy? wrong game KEKWHIDE
there is an easy was to dupe chips
make a cloud save, trade to friend, load cloud save, then get traded back
one guy duped my bugstop so he could have it LUL
You forget that this world is incompetent
have you made the zelda mecha yet?
That friend neighborhood shtick is what serial killers use.
Chaud is such a dickhead. Couldve said thay sooner
Generic kid looks like a human frog.
Pour one out for Cutman, entirely a nothingburger
Cutman is iconic if you watched the cartoon
I will cut you down to size!!!
BN4 is so bad, it so disappointing
i got a shield finally i can cheat
Wait I blinked do it again
" Load Chaud " said ProtoMan, numerous times
That's MegaMan's girlfriend. Of course she has access.
MegaMan's response should've been "she's strange you. try again."
Does Lans friends have a bigger part in the anime?
MR. HIKARI'S JUST LIKE ME, FOR REAL
the fuck was that W in the flickering "NEW" on mayls email LUL
Lan's friends... anime? Well there is Masa. Mr Match does a fair bit. Chaud is way up there along with Raika. Dingo hasnt done much besides throw a tomahawk when he gets lost. And Jasmine is more useful than Mayl KEKW
Neo WWW is led by Tesla using the net ops for flashman, beastman, desertman, and videoman.
I need to finish the Dark Rockman arc tho
Ive only got a few left
honestly for stream you can skip the first half, literally nothing happens
read the traffic light signs to tell you
dentwon is a gaint plus shaped map
what a weird way to foreshadow that LOL
she tells you her sizes, then there is a quiz at asks for your teacher's sizes LUL
i booted up MMZ and decided to mess with the classic controller i have
this feels way better than the snes one i've used lmao
the buttons are so much nicer
did you ge the power up in there?
i removed the springs on it just now, this is great
never mind that Lan just watched numerous people fuckin' DIE
they age up the text boxes in bn2, just you wait
"You just got outta da crib kid. Go suck your momma milk!"
So, everyone's just too damn lazy to fix the lights themselves
just fr lets her walk away
@morpheus080 tbf, she's twice his size
just run her over with his heelys clearly
post game or trying to save Mayl?
that race i tell ya gave me such a high
just came from my saint seiya viewing and it did not disappoint
good luck. I recommend saving when you can, those jellyfish viruses SUCK AND HURT
just wanted to give a friendly warning, because those things can kill if you get unlucky
they killed me a few times at this part
i even had the wood armor, but the red jelly fish just goes through it
so how did you build your deck? it's really different from mine
i only just got heater recently. but yeah, that's smart. i have a few different codes, lot of Fs and Ss
I have an R aqua tower, so i can use it with Roll
hmmmm....very intresting approch. i like it
the platform you are standing on is the bus lol
i perfer to have lots of varity with my deck, i like swords and anything heavy hitting, and i try to get a couple PAs in my deck
yeah, Z Cannon gives you Invis while allowing you to rapid fire cannons
GutShoot is 500, prob the only one id run
so just fire away with the Z Cannon PA
i can see why the PAs in this game are not great, but the Z Cannon has helped me alot at least
i also run Sharkman myself, because he is an S as well with my swords
there is an achievement for using it
thankfully fireman is at least not hard to deal with
Using PAs in BN1? What a great dream this is Kappa
idk how to get guts punch sadly
you could get the WWW ID from froid now and start clearing everything
THANKS, i was wondering where the hell the WWW pin was!
i forgot to check in with him!
i do hope i am not backseat gaming, i just wanted to talk to someone about the game i am playing.
i just have a codec sound for my alerts and say "thanks for the follow"
ohhhh, i didn't know people didn't like people calling their name
i will keep that in mind
i am in the end game myself
to be fair, 2000 is not bad
yeah, but sharkman is TRICKY, at least for me he was
she's just trying offer people good food and get 'em to care for the planet
why not S? sharkman stoneman skullman shadowman...
you get a 2nd folder in bn1?
DAMN, i only got a Rank 5 on her
bullying a cute girl is always a good time
no I didnt see ice do woodman
make sure you jack into her sandwiches
yeah, then i couldn't get a run to p4 for 4 hours
i think i need to change my folder around a bit
have fun, im out for the night
I did mention he was tricky, right? XD
Usually he stays in the middle and end
i had to switch my folder around to beat him
maybe aqua armor would help Kappa
better yet heat armor for that spicy double damage from aqua Kappa
wow, even a pro like you is struggling....yeah he is tough
just come back later with Protoman 3 and a S code folder with  Skullman, dynawave, fighter sword, etc
yo! Escape would help you win 100% LUL
i had to slot in some elec chips to beat him 2nd time around
not even an elec folder, just 3 or 4 chips and i beat him
Ah right! I forgot that I used Elecman just to cheese him
a merchent in internet 3 has Wood Armor, that's how i have been able to tank sharkman
that's another one to the library!
so just out of curiosity, what are you doin right this second, farming extra thingies or? 
took a nap in between cus my brain andbody didnt feel wakey
or at least I'd assume you do otherwise farming wouldnt be in the cards right 
yo @Jonxhas guess where my mm hookshot was
@blacktiger51 somewhere in majoras? PrideLaugh afterr that whole kerfuffle with the one skull
and the way you had to go for getting your songof time (loveed that one by the by)
laundry pool chilling in the water
wait, I thought you didnt have your CT fairy shuffled monkaSTEER
i also got a shield for both games
good thing we first had the song of time bit sorted though, that way there was nothing stoppin you from havin a comfy time in MM PrideLaugh
turn ice man into ice cream? PrideLaugh
gonna go get a out of logic garon mask i swear if it for oot I'm gonna be mad
if it got a headband / ribbon, its OoT's
if its just like a bowl, its MM's
Internet 3 is where the wood armor is being sold
Buying WoodArmor w/ all the money you took from Sal
you need to equip it too
yeah, take half damage from everything except fire
should make sharkman a little easier now XD
and it was oot i couldn't tell so i just hover to it rip
ok, i am going for now
he's in the smoking area cuz he thinks he's cool
.... pretty sure that's not how that works....
Never mind that her husband's within earshot of dude saying that
the maid's portrait is pale af
Ah, Mr. Hikari was about to drop the reveal that they meant throughout the entire series.
" I can't see shit! .... wait, never mind! "
" If I survive, I get overtime pay. If I don't, I'm not paying bills ever again. It's win-win! "
damn, they really threw a buncha shit at the wall to see what stuck for BN1
hey phantom, 11 days till GDQ
im sorry you have to go through this stage
this stage isn't bad, if it wasn't for invis platforms
We're from BN6 pvp so the opposite end of the franchise
Every speed runner says that, its pretty good doe
Speed running battle network, more like praying to the RNG gods to bless you
BN2 or Z2, pick your poison
zelda 2 is a cool game but its too hard
that's why i don't run jp
Heading off but glad you're enjoying BN1
you want a new rando seed?
ill wait till next stream or two
pretty sure that guy right there
i never understood why they didnt turn off random encounters in puzzle areas like this
This mr Prog is savage with the double area steal
its sure good that Lan wasnt grounded there PrideLaugh
@Jonxhas Lan goes on to survive MUCH worse, let's not kid ourselves
@Jonxhas can i use song of soaring in oot?
@blacktiger51 if you enabled it, yes
also depends on whether you enabled it just for child or also for adult
and will impact where your Dungeon ER can go as well
boss ER also would get affected by it
@Jonxhas does it do anything without having owl Statues hit i have index warp rn
there is a OoT side index warping map
he is only vaunrable when he attacks
and similar to how index warping in MM works, if you move your stick the game will softlock
hmm might go hit the owl Statues
tbf, he ate ALL of that TriArrow, so his armor screwed him
@blacktiger51 sent ya the OoT Side indexes in dms therea1474TAP
the MMRando dev did the whole "soaring screen" things with the Combo rando Dev and made sure it would work without issues mostly
just make sure to handle the Index warping in the EXACT same way you would in MM - so select map point, play soaring, DO NOT move your left stick AT ALL
Chaud was gonna let people die. What a shitheel.
HIS FAKE DATA DIDN'T EVEN WORK
@Jonxhas ngl i totally forgot you cant touch the stick
@blacktiger51 well, you have been reminded PrideLaugh
peepoComfy thanks for comfy strim phantom PrideLove
I'm off tomorrow, so I'll be here
sub to Phantom5800, on twitch and YouTube
Wow, former terrorists have great opportunities to reform themselves
Now I just have to decide who to replace....
this dude's down bad for [ Escape ]
Its not worth what? You ended mid-sentence.
that's... why's dude's teeth all the fuck over by a TREE
Forced grinding to reach the Endgame? Blech
this fight looks really hard Kappa
show blacktiger how hard sharkman is so he can see how easy woodman is
oh i know how easy sharkman is Kappa
i wouldve loved to see shark cross
i actually step away for a sec so i miss the sharkman fight he had 110 hp left when i got back
I havent even been to 1st gym
oh? prof elm has pokerus textboxes too
U works now? What do you do for works?
he just says it spreaders to other pokemon and that it doesnt do anything
i meant to say the bot works
What does the bot do for a living?
is this yoru first time playing bn1?
if dad isnt at scilab he is in jail
Well, obviously today is not Saturday.
I agree, that's one ugly ass Wily
I'm going to the WWW Labs! Keep up, mum!
Please kick this arrogant Chodes ass.
whats the kid at higsbys say?
this alarm scared the shit outta me as a kid, I didnt touch this game for 3 days KEKW
Lan does NOT give a damn about Maylu in BN1
THE OMEGA SQUAD HAS COME FROM THE COURT ROOM TO SUPPORT YOU!
my stream was good, how was yours?
my stream was about Ace Attorney!
before jobs were a thing lol
HEY KID, WANNA COME ROB ME?
also, you can help him solve his problem with his money :P
there is an achievement for doing it
"I'm sorry for being absent." "True."
This old man's into some kinky shit, apparently
I I just play with a varity folder, i don't even know how to speed run
it took like 18 years to find that
if i were to speed run, i would do a no glitch run
he was playing the OSS english patch
"I forgot to buy this rare battle chip" Kappa
I got Fireman 3 myself last night
Wait, it works in Operation: Shooting Star as well???
glitches change up the game so much, but there def are glitchless category.
THAT'S how you get Roll 3? damn
That said there is a reason no one plays bn2 glitchless
That might be the 1st and only time Glyde's ever helped out
I love Rolls Navi Chip, i always use it myself
always have it in my folder
i was about to give up on elecman coming back
and they are all in bn5 KEKW
bn1 brought back fire elec wood shadow, pharoah, number, i think thats it?
lock on is goated for fighting iceman
by that logic iceman is in NT
I love how silly the wave speed is
Lan, you are such a dense idiot! Mayl is so into you! Just ask her out already!
i wanted you to see the other virus combos
cloudy and typhoon is a rough one
he has different text if you win
something along the lines of "a navi based on this operater's DNA. Hmmm..."
this is just the story of classic megaman but the roles are flipped LUL
" I was cancelled by your grandfather, BOY! "
Imma bounce, y'all. Later. Phoenixman.EXE, jacking out.
your charge buster does 96 now
if youve seen the ice polar bear skip, that works on life virus too
I'd be livid too if my life's work was obliterated by a 4th grader
i forgot how forward mayl is here lmfao
Ok I've decided to put Sylvie anchor
worst thing you can say is it's unpolished
I just did powerplant comp yesterday
i just used a guide for that tbh
apparently I just remembered the solutions from watching runs
I was like "uh... this" and it worked
when I played as a kid we didnt have guides yet lol
yeah as a kid powerplant almost scared me away from the game.
this only have 1 title screen star
lol only a floor unit that covers one room
I reached out to a company about installing AC back in Feb and never heard back 
yeah I wanted split-unit heat pumps installed (ones primarily for AC, but can generally also do heat as a backup).
right I do already have separate heat and everything.
surprised it's that hot near you though. it was much hotter yesterday, and today seems mild.
PharoahMan? Only shows up if you're above a certain level
i dont remember what dalus said, you could save scum to check
HPMem = 1, PowerUp = 3, Armor = 6
yukki made a youtube video on that
GutsMan does flinch. I don't remember anyone else
too bad this isn't going to be in the youtube video
The link I put, any viewers are welcome to put it in the background. It fits perfectly with this stream.
Buster max is necessary for the grind LUL
Buster max Sharkman is also a necessity Kappa
Bustin' lvl: Makes me feel good.
I was half right since 34 is half of 69 LUL
the one you get ffrom froid
caught a Gastly, its named Phantom LUL
this is when I stopped playing on LC KEKW
"im moving on to bn2, chat can redeem to make me finish bn1" LUL
100K for a power up or BusterMax. I know what answer should be Kappa
YO! Only 69 chips left Kreygasm
Lets just leave it at needing only 69 chips left Kappa
Unlike you, he got aqua cust Kappa
so I'm still playing the same rando and i think i did every logic check I'm stuck again
I'm all out of idea guess i will check out of logic checks
i have like 4 dungeons out of logic i can go too
1 is very late from what i can tell
have to index warp to stone tower and use time stop to enter
i have index warp on already
i have to learn time stop tho
Not dying to ocarina glitch phanto274Doot
ok I'm mad i miss a Skulltula give me a mask for mm open up like 3 checks
I just saw your recent post breaking news! BN legacy collection BN2 part 1: The power of a good nut! Kreygasm Kreygasm
People would have to watch and find out why we love the power of our nuts in BN2 Kappa
sometimes ya gotta cheat to go fast
My hands have not recovered from grinding that infinite
so what does the glitch do exactly?
I want out of Mexico already, I miss home lol
I do already have some cool videos and pictures of Tamasopo
shit i miss a lot of the run
Just get WR rn by discovering a major glitch
just wrong warp to the end
he was so aggressive or literally no reason, kinda silly
yeah when the game decides fuck you, that must suck ass
vaati is a fucking dick sometimes
GG I missed the run lol
part of the reason I moved to rando, no resets
and I'm now stuck again in my rando
i was doing stuff in logic
i got 1 more check in logic i forgot about
and its was garbage ugh wtf am i missing
Yo Phantom, go on the run! Hope theyve been going well today phanto274Bless phanto274GL
Just hearing that Id be thinking a fat pb but alas Sadge
Very alive, Im thinking it has enough life for two beings.
If you want to end the run, abortions are legal in Washington state.
Nintendo certainly likes bosses with only giant hands and a head.
Kirby Super Star has Wham Bam Jewel and Mario 69 has the two handed boss in the pyramid. Theres also a similar enemy in Odyssey.
Its basically a blue version of this guy.
Oh dont have that one lmao mobile moments
Do those still even get published or was it just landlines?
I would be concerned myself YEP
gimme the number and ill call and say wrong number LOL
Especially with no damage to the car or anything
"Hi is thie Pat? oh my b wrong number"
Okay I thought the knocking outside I heard was from stream but I think it is the neighbours cause its happening again lmao
chat, alcohol helps with headaches, right?
Okay I hear nothing then LUL
i did hundo at first, postman was acceptable enough
then i did mmz after which was fun
i'll probably start derusting that more if i'm gonna try this hundo on weekdays stuff
that feels the worst in an any% category
can't really afford that in something so short
rip did everything i know how to do and found nothing this seed sucks ass
i swear i am the king of rolling bad seeds
Imagine being the person who finds that glitch.
Thought you said anal retention for a moment.
@pethanct01 think i have de throne gil
this seed is bad or I'm just dumb probably dumb LUL
We still looking at July for crosscode? I'm wondering if it will have an effect on views.
I think I will survive the wait.
I remember you saying July anyways.
I'm more curious about how many people will watch when you do Crosscode.
You recovered you mean? YouTube is still going up too at least.
along as it not totk i will be here LUL
^ Same, why would I watch someone else play a game that I am currently playing.
oh I'm not playing it tho
Are you going to potentially consider season 1 if the ruleset is changed enough from what standard is now?
I would avoid it if I were you.
Thats fair, no point jointing something you wouldnt enjoy
Watching Phantom do the glitches is more interesting anyways. Better than watching him gripe over dogshit seeds.
Unless it's a blue key seed.
Hoping for a Blue Key seed that is locked by koopa legends, which is locked by Goomba King.
Open prologue feels so nice after dealing with Goomba King so often
And after beating my head against the wall trying to do BHS more laki clips would be nice since I just taught myself clipping into blue house in two seconds YEP
Prologue probably should be open if the starting point is in toad town every time anyways.
Go sub if you aren't so that Phantom can actually get paid ad revenue.
npnp i hope attempts go well :))))
I cant remember the last time i flew
so yukki in playing bn4 casually and he hit the frame LUL
when are you planning on doing my seed? Just trying to plan around it.
been watching a bit a fusion rando, so If i tried another id prob go with that
ive been watching Flash, its in the 2nd half of my shift so the timing is good for me. He runs 100% too
i found what i needed in my rando
it was something i didn't know about i didn't know skull kid was a check pretty sure in mm rando he not but i could be wrong
i would of never found it
hookshot was 0 and hockshot was able to check it
its weird to me being a minish rain doesnt hurt you normally, but it the game zooms in it does hurt you.
i did need master sword that was alot later so that check wasn't useful at the start
it give me a letter to move king zora in oot juba juba was woodfall and woodfall had my song of time for oot
Today I went back and backed up my wii nand so I could play Mario Kart Midnight with the boys
I had deleted my old backup to make space I think, cringe
romhack yeah, mario kart wii has a vibrant modding scene and online playerbase still
what a min it was a lot later i couldn't do anything in mm until i had ocarina and mm song of time
interesting, there are only 2 minish cap runs on switch
Any big differences on the switch version?
I just triggered, in Dolphin, the one time wii motion plus adapter video. I don't think I actually saw it on my real wii.
I opened skyward sword wondering if my save files were actually deleted, and they were
it was the only game I had significant progress on in Dolphin
thinking of a nickname for scizor
something with SciLabs since it starts with Sci LUL
I wish "BigMeatyClaws" would fit KEKW
i was just talking to him in oot lol
my arrival to this chat was so important twitch welcomed me 3 times
you got this, you will do well
i guess if the rng manip is piss easy then it isn't that bad haha...
NOOOO i am running out of checks
where he will manip to get a red rupee
like how NPCs walking around affect pokemon rng?
lol komaris draw was so bad he couldnt get Guard1A
I'm an expert at spinning into items so I'm cringing
OF ALL THE THINGS TO COPY FROM PAPE THEY CHOSE THAT!?!?
so you can just roll through enemies? lol
but in dark souls you don't roll through enemies, you roll through their attacks
fuck yeah i just got back
is this the same cat as yesterday?
I dont think thats how physics works
the access controller for PS5 has me really curious
nice shadow temple boss gave me shadow temple boss key LUL
Playing in the rookie kof bracket feel like I'm finally actually getting past this level
Kukri ocv's left and right and my ass is no longer getting GGs LOL
I have not seen that lineup before, that's sick
excuse me good sir, Did you just run across the sky?
Hey Phantom phanto274BLANKIES good luck on your run
boss being a dick cause he knows you gettin it
its fine with me if you want to do it now
its getting late so you can play however
I did one specific check out of logic that changed a bit
Oh no. Its this seed LUL
When you redeem something we both know its a fun journey LUL
Wellhow bad is 30 star pieces typically for an item like artifact?
i warped out right away too, its a habit to homeward shroom after that check
and i am stuck again in my rando
So when will a tuna dip always be worth? When you have portrait, one key and bow?
I see the temptation on your face LUL
Wow, early Rugged > Outpost start? That's new
As you were saying about weight earlier making you dip tubba? KEKW
what was the key in kooper village? The world may never know Kappa
I figured not, I just like to make sure I'm on the same page
first one 4 hours in Pog
i figure out what to do in my rando and i am gonna be sick
stone tower temple took me to water temple no iron boots i had boss key and longshot boss gave me song of healing and song of healing gave me song of storms for oot
@blacktiger51 Thought I was reading something from the Phantombot for a moment.
The MMR Blitz tourney seed I called yesterday had a bottlenecked Day 3 Bow in Staff Room followed by Zora Mask in Well
one time I was using FP and I got that first goomba to fall oob LUL
Would you rather it be preventing go mode like usual?
But that ruins key is something though POGGERS
1 ruins key doesnt open a whole lot
Can I submit race settings instead of a seed?
I was considering asking for a seed that either requires less badges or less star spirits.
For how easy it is I still hate this trick
I had to send in my JoyCons for drift once. It was soon after Paper Mario Origami King came out actually.
You have to be practically walking off the edge to get it too Madge
Gotta love the long way back to desert for a forced double dip Kreygasm
honestly who knows whats on ruins at this point thats progression
I swear the Northeast is a damn micro-climate
Never mind then hey Kooper LUL
And the chance of that was?
Ok I'm in grands winners side for this kof bracket
This is a good submission so far
A third forced trip back to the desert just sucks coming in this way LUL
Its just weird seeing 2 be the required first clear
its wild we havent seen ch5 yet
thats right you lowered the stair case
No spike? You mad man. DansGame
Its more than I would have. I barely beat it normally. LUL
shooting star makes koopa bros free
megapaul is at hallway and M4 is about to start jr
megapuals stream went down and M4 is at final now
megapaul had a blue screen on final NotLikeThis
what does redemption mean and man am i late
so someone manually places items themselves to ur own madness
at one point before I finished chapters 1 and 2 I found odd key somewhere, so doing BHS isnt that different from what I did
is this a seed you played Axl?
seems like a god seed but who knows
Gotta love your 4th trip to desert for calculator LUL
or maybe phantom is just playing it well
Seed name should be The Legend of Sushie: Lost in Time Kappa
this seed is sending me on a wild goose chase
i didn't realize not needing sushie was possible
but it occurs to me now that you probably raph skipped
How long ago did you beat chap 5? I didn't know sushie wasn't necessary for it to clear. I'll go watch the replay letter
You are currently magical girl from go mode but we need to finish the slice of life parts of the anime episode
and it had an inconclusive ending lmao
Phantom I won the kof bracket kazamsCatglubhappy
he had probably a 50-50 chance of beating bowser and was ahead of me, but his computer blue screened
I am officially banned from beginner brackets I'm getting somewhere
@mx_four i had one of those LUL
he had no life shrooms heading into phase 2 final and had 10 max hp so it was get fire or just die
good enough to be banned is a great feeling
i asked him like 3 times if he wanted to rematch but he said it's his problem
Finally found my perfect team at long last
@mx_four This is why you keep an analog recording of the game separately haHAA
ANd my anchor is banned at combo breaker kazamsCatglubdoom
So I gotta play iori again anyway
need to play pape off the grid
Even if they were on analogue you still need to be able to route it through a computer to see it most times to stream it, and also can we stop dunking on him? He was a great competitor
This seed was cursed and sponsored by our Dark Master mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
I feel like everyone I see does this puzzle differently
Damn Im so late! Good you have been having a good stream
@bsmith906 this seed was sponsored by mister206Gombidious
uh oh cpunk wants to blow our brains.
phanto274BLANKIES phanto274BLANKIES suck on that chapter 7
He won't give us his seed Sadge
trevSnuj trevSnug SeriousSloth StinkyCheese  the seeds
cpunks seed isnt that crazy, just gear location shuffle, 4 seeds, cook without frying pan, and hidden blocks visible
i made sure the banned settings weren't on. i hope its a decent seed phanto274Cry
Care to know where Sushie was?
Lantern ghost! Whats happened to you?
Yo who pissed on his sheet
Yellow lantern ghost just does not sit well with me LUL
General guy wet the bed and fucked up his costume but he didn't have enough time to get another for mario
Thanks Raven for that image LUL
Gimme a sec I just won my kof bracket so hand break
Winton JUMP  Winton ZAP  Winton PUNCH  Winton LAND  Winton PROTECC  Winton SLEEP   Winton WIN  Winton DID SOMEONE SAY PEANUT BUTTER??
Winton JUMP  Winton ZAP  Winton PUNCH  Winton LAND  Winton PROTECC  Winton SLEEP   Winton WIN  Winton DID SOMEONE SAY PEANUT BUTTER??
Winton JUMP  Winton ZAP  Winton PUNCH  Winton LAND  Winton PROTECC  Winton SLEEP   Winton WIN  Winton DID SOMEONE SAY PEANUT BUTTER??
i thought it was just the seed
arie, we crossed rugged 3 times
Excuse me, what the psykitHeck ?
will the audio book go on spotify?
"who's this Phantom? Is this some crypto ad?"
when I got super hammer I did winding path and jumped on the dark koopa for early power rush
back to Zelda for me janito3Link
hitting rugged 3 times was too funny not to share
i beat that awful rando the other day last location for the 7th time that seed
i seen your set up looks nice
i started another seed yesterday 10x better
Basically all my free time over the past week has been Zelda phanto274Smile
i made it so boss fights give me medallions spiritual Stones and Remains last seed those was anyway
i may be dming you on the 28th
looks like no one voted Sadge
What is the status quo bop?
but i need food before i do more attempts
GL on the run tho. will be lurking while i figure out food
That glitch still makes zero sense to me
don't u just delete the loading zone
Why do zelda games hate physics
sometimes its better to not know how a glitch work and just know how to do it Analyze
i think i been subbed since u had like 300 subs on youtube
I love how these mini boss fights just last 2 secs
Blessed RNG upon ye', Mr. 5800
thanks for speedrunning a 2d zelda
"I'll just save time on Crenel"
The minish have a beautiful micro clover lawn
everyone voted the same 1 so i just refunded points
its a cool area but losing to rng sucks
just better then zelda mm intro
mm intro put me to sleep but i love the game
yeah just do back in time
does this mean u gonna play a link to the past soon?
i didn't know bs zelda was a thing remake of z1 that cool
At least it wasn't too far in the run
wdym you'll switch this run to 100% kinstones live
When did yo realize you were the evil wizard taking over the castle and cursing the princess zelda IRL?
You haven't realized it yet then?
Have you ever had a pet pig and named it Ganon?
its ok link, I also dont talk to old people
gold after getting hit by octorok twice?
i have never seen those slugs do that before
That poor peahat, what did it do to you?! D: /j
Minish Cap is comfy, maybe I should play it again soon
Yes but I hate myself and I desire to 100%
I do, I fucking missed 100%ing it the first time (cause of specific kinstones, you surely know the ones) and got so mad I put it down a while ago
this game also makes me wanna play Ham Ham Heartbreak. Gamer vibes overall tbh
I think it was the King, actually
but it's entirely possible I'm misremembering
It's so nice link can grab the skulls from up there
Hovering 20 feet off the ground he just stretches his arms
Have you seen that boy? All arms no legs, it makes sense
I would have to boot up my GBA to find out tbh
how will you defeat ganon without the light arrows wtf
But I REALLY wanted to shoot pots
If you can't do pot destruction, what's the fucking point of even playing a Zelda game
OK, BUT CONSIDER: BREAKING POTS WITH LIGHT ARROWS IS A CHAD MOVE
That has something important in it
Need you to run hundo already
There's a guy on a channel I watch that like actually freaks out when the gamer doesn't pick up literally every heart piece and I'm just like br*h
unless you have 20 heart container bridge :v
then it sure does work like that
Phantom you should use that setting and play it
OOTR rando runners hate themselves it feels like
MM has some funny masks so that excuses it
Oh yeah the meme masks in that game are great
I should set up a layout and play wwr
But I also just need to play fg's this week so I don't drown in pools lol
I'm gonna be playing a WWR very shortly
Especially if you put on Race Settings for it, you can see what dungeons are required. And the models people have made for it are fuckin faboo
Race settings are so much fun in ww
I turn on auction with it though because I think it's funny
speaking of rando i might go play my oot and mm rando soon
I feel like everyone complains about every Zelda randomizer except WW (unless you're doing like, Crowd Control, which that's on you)
Charts are scuffed but that's like the only way to make it suffering
Oh yeah spensy items do make it more interesting
I like expensive items just because it makes me feel less annoyed getting rupees lol
charts sounds like a ass setting
Yeah that game is pretty good about giving you a shitton of rupees
Charts would be not nearly as bad on WiiU just because of equips and how the gamepad works
I'm sure they're working on things for the rando to make them less ass but not having like a Tingle Tuner Equivalent to help is :VVVVV
Yea you can on Wii but it's banned in races anyway
Since most players are on emu they can't really let wii people do it it's too useful in sd lol
I thought Dolphin supported GBA connection now?
I've not been involved in races for like a year and a half
Here we'll show you nothing but also ps you're red
I remember trying it for Animal Crossing but I don't remember it working to get to the Island
i think it does i just check my dolphin option for sp
Still, not everyone has that expensive tech so I can get it tbh
I should still have my cable somewhere for it
But my sister took the gameboy with her lol
I have a cable too and my SP/GBA
I'd have to find the cable I haven't seen it in a long time but my mom knows not to get rid of shit
I'm thinking of getting another GBA to mod tbh
Mea sold me a fucking prime condition GBA and I can't bring myself to mod it YES
but like when I say this is a prime GBA... It still has the back battery tab
I'd love to see if I could also do like. A rainbow clear shell
Oh god this is like Wart but worse somehow
what song is this think i know it
never heard it but this is a fucking banger
this is a straight up kidnapping lmfao
sorry im late to the party
Hey Phantom! Stream was fun, did a birthday rando stream! Good luck on yours! phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
you wanted hammer? no, you get boots instead
i like that feature, random music but with the same mood
You can say "que buen momo papu mas diez mil a tu jefecita"?
happy to hear that, i have a quick question IF you have the time.
when you paper mario tracker will be updated for power star hunt ?
have power star on your tracker basically.
you got to be kidding me i went out of logic to get song of soaring its in ocean spider house and its the only check locked behind fire arrow out of 31 checks
just asking, because i would be interested to play power star hunt overtime.
IMO it would only really add anything for streamers so chat can see t all times
oh thanks god u can grab it with zora
Well, i am gonna go, GL with your seed phantom, have a nice day and i wish the same to everyone.
he weaseled his way into you
Yello Yello! Just got finished preparing stuff for dinner tomorrow night
Yeah, My gf is making a Haitian dish, and wanted my help to cut up the incredients since i have a steadier hand than she does
Question: Can you give me a heads up when you schedule Crosscode.
So close, I can taste the book of mario.
I recommend getting the pizza stone with the nice Youtube money.
I think that the next 75,000 point goal will be aLttP.
i think youre the only channel that i have the auto sub on for
your content is worth my money, you deserve it
Supposed to be that for me as well, gonna fix this now.
Did you already due Blue Key check?
do you think mario moves up, or the door moves down?
Definitely the door moving, you're not suddenly on a different part of the mountain if you leave with the blue door active
There, I fixed it. Auto for 6 months. Also, here's hoping for a blue key required seed. I think the dream seed is a Goombario start with blue key required. Of course it is locked behind koopa legends which will be held by Goomba King.
Same. I've noticed getting subs from channels I follow while not watching them.
There's a chance people are lurkers. That said, I've gotten gifts for channels I don't follow or watch so phanto274Shrug
I did that recently as well
It can also make things slightly worse if you're a regular and someone else gets a random gift who doesn't even watch the stream
How did the mod not get the gift sub?
I think Twitch does prioritize people who have recently spent money on the platform to give gifts.
usually if it rains and we have bad fields, it gets flooded
we went on turf td tho so as we are dealing with like terrential shit
Source: I got like a million gifts after spending money for the first time including some to channels I don't watch
my car was leaking from the sunroof glennj5VIBE
@xsrc_rain How do you feel about all this negativity towards rain?
i like rain when i am not outside
the best rain is the one in twitch chat obv
It actually just downpoured outside like 30 minutes ago, so now everything is drenched, Hopefully it dries off enough for me to do some weeding in the yard tomorrow
Phantom Early Years: Fun With Numbers
when its downpour when I'm in bed its super nice
how was your battle network stuff been going
its was fun watching the bn games
General Guy has the Peril strats
why are you not watching seattle sounders play rn AngyTwink they are in an MLS midoff rn
yes cause you are their biggest fan
I'm down to watch the other bn games
tbh if you were to pick a washington team to support, sounders are the best in the state
Did they ever change the name of the racist team?
seattle seahawks/mariners/sounders are the big 3
@pethanct01 the washington redskins? thats DC based pretty sure
they are now the Washington Commanders
Thought it was state, I dont know baseball well.
OH THATS WHY THEY BECAME A TEAM IN COVID TIMES
whats your next speedgame gonna be phantom
there's a multiworld for that bad boi too for the randos
I dont understand what this is?
speaking of muiltworld i would love to do a oot multiworld at somepoint
they do haha, my buddy actually made a tracker for the combo one
but also i forgot how to play video games
listen the most played game in the past like 4 months
what is this leaving the house thing? sounds scary
@RvPA none of my friends play randos
Oh, so Zelda BS is an expanded remake of the original game on NES. Got it.
Excuse me? what is that statement?
you lot are bad examples to the youth of tomorrow
bruh I am the youth of tomorrow
i call for a new age of hat wearing goomba supremacy
and i am Goombario's social manager for his presidential campaign in 2026
I dream of a world where Phantoms and Goombas can live in peace with each other.
one hour to finish filling out my timesheet
But, but, but you said the answer. I must know the question.
Hey Phantom, just passing by to say that I love your content since i discovered PM Randomizer, anyway hope you the best phanto274GL
To quote a streamer, buh buh buhhh
The random music just caught me off guard, is that new KEKW
What did you need blue key again? I didnt hear.
Whiff punishing how I wanna is so hard LOL
I want to see book of mario.
ICANT Saving Yoshis are the best
Wait for it to not be on yoshis.
I missed quite the seed it seems
Our Dark Lord and Master was Found mister206Gombidious
So it was a blue key seed! LUL
This one would make a good YouTube upload
I have to go back and watch the vod now
But its only a Tubba Key
So the Volcano vase ended up in a tree after the explosion
nice back to back checks give me zora tunic
Pass this seed around to as many people as possible LUL
I used a blue key in my tournament race. Turned out it wasn't required but I did use it
every time time i see a blue key seed peepoHappy
My last league seed was required Blue Key for Toy Train for a Magical Seed
Escape music in the escape pog
This is a jam hearing the dojo theme for Tubba LUL
yeah this music isnt really doing it for this part
i didnt need the hammer anyways bowser
i came in late but the progressive spheres didnt seem too off from what you played
thanks for the run phantom! very entertaining lol
have a great rest of your night
hewwo, gl on the run / runs! hope you doin well PrideLove
been there, played the souls games on PC with a x360 controller which by the end of me playin through DS3 was literally able to stick its left stick in ALL angles no return to neutral KEKW
granted I got that controller used it was slightly worn out already, but maaan that thing was smashed at the end KEKW
currently thinkin about findin out how easy it is to replace a Wii's disk drive
neat! - yee backstory to that wii: its my parents / the family's wii rly, and it being 10+ years old + the wii being the wii basically means the disk reader now is just a) worn out and b) ate a lotta dust due to how the wii is designed
good thing that IFixit exists for these sorts of things at least yea
our gamecube was a similar issue, its disk drive motor fried itself cus of dust buildup at some point
honestly surprised that the DPad of a Gamecube controller aint recognized in this case for ya - I know gamecube controller DPads arent the best by any means
but I kinda forgot that that was a thing nintendo never double mapped
dunno how chonkers your hands go, but yep can see that immediately as a thing KEKW
my hands are tooo beeg honestly - like say, XBOne controllers in standard size, my fingers overlap on the cable if its a wired one and I hold it in "the normal grip" if that makes sense
constantly in the need of folding my fingers in weirdge ways, with the only good bit being that I can claw grip half the currently existing / available controllersfor whatever its worth
basically the tips of my index / middle fingers fully lay on top of one another if I just grab a wired XBOne Controller "firmly" / fully
so I only grab it either halfway or start claw-gripping it instead to not have that
joycons for me are WAY too small PrideLaugh but yea getcha
like - for me joycons would be immediate cramp state cus of how small they are if I were to try and use those
just tryin to handheld a normal switch for a couple min = hand goes into pain state after less then 5min, too flat / smol for me
and thats not even gettin into the issue of their sturdiness PrideLaugh
hella HELLA non-ergonomic design those smol things
Yeah, it's not like the switch can fit in a pocket
i played all of metroid dread with joy cons
"I cant break them, because I CANNOT USE THEM" KEKW
sorry that made me chuckle more then it should PrideLove
but same over here - told my mom if she ever EVER were to get a switch she would HAVE to get pro controllers to them since a) joycons break, b) they are not ergonomic AT ALL
Funny how you ran my top 3 speed games at the same time
sooo sounds like a case of broken / pushed through rubberpads
I had the snes mini laying around, so I got a rathnet to use those controllers on my snes
I mean if you got the thought of a new controller in mind, tryin to fix still is a definite option
like - I'd say shoot for 1 new so you have 1 known good then you can still invest the time into fixin the other one
to me the SNES button issue you mentioned sounds like the rubberpads beneath the buttons broke, and it mighta then lost its core position inside of the controller causing that other bit of "cant push some buttons through like you would"
which - rubberpads for controllers never really changed much, and should therefore in theory be easy ish to find
could also salvage from the one where you mentioned no inputs come through
for a decent while I basically ran a 3rd party XBOne controller for games on PC, where I frankenstein'd both my old x360 controller and another, definitely broken 3rd party XBOne controller together into a hot mess on the inside which worked just fine for another year and a half
@Jonxhas that sounds better then the controller i use KEKWait
@blacktiger51 look aight it was A PAIN to clean every now and then KEKW
I had like 4 different rubberpads which I had to align inside of it to get my buttons to work bc of the design choices it had goin on internally
and fun bit: I coulda thrown the broken ones into e-waste, but kept them for the sake of potential further salvaging operations
like - those rubberpads are still known good for sure
and some of the joysticks are also still fine
i still have my broken ps5 controller just in case
*nods in approval of keepin ol' controllers*
I member when big ben was GOOD for gamecube controllers - had one which worked for AGES
then that one broke, my parents found other 3rd party ones which broke within weeks
i also still have a couple old ps4 controller some still work but with stick draft
and then I took a look at our OG gamecube controller, turns out it just was dusty / caught like 2 hairs in the joysticks. cleaned it, hooked it up - worked juust fine like day one again
the pestos got random ish start positions or "just" random movement? 
thats some hot stoopid things then rip
my other ps5 controller have stick draft i was pissed since now i can only use 1 controller now
in terms of controllers nowadays: for internals, them joysticks being potentiometer based v being so called "hall effect" joysticks is a baane for their durability
as much as N64 controllers due to their overall build nature sucked, their joysticks in design were hall effect just in a plastic casing which wore out. so if you slapped a more durable casing on that one, those would endure WAY more wear'n tear
like i don't need a mic in my ps5 controller
Who the hell actually cares about the switch is camera?
@blacktiger51 truue - or worse, someone I know had their XBOne and a PS4 controller connected to their PC and it (no joke) recognized those as his monitors including speaker and all)
so it basically made them freak out about their PC black screening on boot, and it turns out they had to literally unplug the controllers til their PC recognized the proper monitors again, then hook them up 1 after the other from there to again get them to "just" be controllers KEKW
They put it on the controller cause they knew it would sell as an add on lol
about the ONLY reason why I sort of get that both PS and XB controllers nowadays come with a headset viable headphone jack is the fact that both respective ends just dont give an option to hook these up on the console directly
I do enjoy the 3D audio on ps5
I kinda forgot that the PS5 has a newer revision of say a gamecubes analog triggers
which - yea, cool if you do stuff with it but how often will that end up truly being used
about the only things I recall in terms of software which made use of these sorts of things were Mario Sunshine and like luigis mansion right?
yea nvm that bit sounds like unnecessary fluff to me
like the analog bit with "halfway push / full push" is cool
I felt ASTRO was a step in the right direction, hope we get more of that
but going that extra mile as much as its cool, like... phanto274Shrug
my r2 spring broke from my 1st ps5 controller all that clicking on it i blame destiny 2 for that glad the newer controller are better
PrideLaugh fair honestly if you got a good one
the R3 / L3 should truuuly be just a different button imo
You can still remap it at least
unless its something I cant bind differently, 100% gonna bind it away
like - Souls games are one of the examples where you are basically out of options for binding that
given all the other buttons already got a mapping you need and such
Map it to the touch pad lol
well - hear me out, I am fine if another set of buttons is needed
but I'd prefer an actual extra button
yes that more then likely adds further complexity to the controller in terms of where to put those
i want to get a controller that have extras  buttons under the controller but not wanna pay 200 bucks lol
but also like - joysticks as a button is horrid imo
could always go for some crappy shite one instead which has like 20 extra buttons but falls apart after 5min right KappaPride
it will be really good for me since i do play shooters sometimes
ngl though, as much as I dont like how the steam controllers were designed around both giving "sort of" mouse controls on its DPad design, those backside pedal buttons were not a bad idea at all
Sprite work on the wall is so clean
imma be a bit more lurkies, started caring for crash bandicoot 4 completion, and my brain is slightly excite at the thought of new levels after I just went and completed a BUNCH of the beginning ones outside of time trials therea1474TAP
I also only played crash 1
How many games is vaati in?
I thought he was in the gcn one
Can you fall down the hole as minish
so close to 1000 youtube subs cant wait for book of mario
apparently you cant map 2 buttons to the same input in project 64 that lame
i have 3 extra buttons i could use for c stick items
 did they get rid of the controller plugins in newer PJ versions?
distinctly renember PJ2.4 and older havin those (NRage is a pain of a plugin to map proper for all button layouts on an XBOne)
like - I know some N64 emu based controller plugins got some weird thing where they cant work with analog triggers well for normal button inputs, but you can do away with those issues by mapping smart if that makes sense
@Jonxhas hey its does thanks i can map 2 buttons to the same input now
just a heads up though for NRage as a plugin: depending on whether it got properly updated or not, I recall that plugin havin had some saving issues on PJ2.4
as in "it says it saved" but as soon as you close the menu, re-open it, it reverted it to "none" on some inputs
workaround IF that happens @blacktiger51 is to map all the things, see which didnt map, find the settings file it saves to copy pasta somewhere, map the missing inputs
and then copy pasta the related bits of the config files together til it works
@Jonxhas i just how to remap it like 4 times everything works
KEKW yep been there with that PrideLaugh
i now have a easier time cheating LUL
@Jonxhas if it keeps it saved copy the respective config file out of the PJ folder, that way ya got a backup
I mean hear me out @blacktiger51 - no matter PJ, RA or biz, I got literally the same base layout I want with c left / right on my R / L1s basically
then my triggers for Z / R, Z on L2, R on R2
got through the run therea1474TAP ggs!
left c stick is l1 and right c stick is r1?
comin from gamecube mapping for the OoT + MQ disk which came with Windwaker at some point, I was so used to buttons being C buttons that I can NOT handle c stick for items 
the loose stick being too loose rn for comfort? 
gotcha, so the trick in question needs a strict "D+L to L" input order basically
that ocarina thingy into door clips
whatever the name for it is
or respectively reverse if the door goes to the right then NOTED
for when one needs to light up their fingies KEKW
@Jonxhas feel awkward getting isg off a bomb with deku stick i am not use to this
see @blacktiger51 its all about being able to have a button press be a button press right KEKW
another thing which might help there given you're more on the "lets just mess around" side of things for rando right blacktiger? when link stabby stabs in OoT or MM, he always pulls his hand back right - if you time your A to pick something up on that "arm pull back" bit, you should hit it reliably anyway
as in even if c stick for pullin that bamb I mean
though obviously if you got a very loose right stick to work as c stick, that could impact any sort of "flick into bamb -> ISG set up shenanigans
my r1 was shield now its r2 not use to this at all gonna take awhile
fair, but if your C buttons now work better I bet you'll get accustomed to it
given you now have at least a double mapping option going anyway
so you can still pick'n choose what you prefer therea1474TAP
its a lot easier to hover in mm now
MM hovers once you got the timing decently down are SO free
OoT gets free ish once you know the MM side "decent distance + height" timing (so round about 4th quick flash)
and got a 1st person item or hovers
"free ish" obviously being a feel type of thing, because I cant say of myself I can reliably pull that like loads, only rarely mess with OoT glitch / clip related stuff in Multiworlds on AP if everyone else is fine with me going that hugely out of logic for extra checks on logic BK mode
its look easier with hover boots since it slow link down
i try to hover in oot and my bombchu did not blow up
phanto274Shrug dunno too much about all the nuances of OoT there
all I do know is that for the rando side of things, there are some forks of it which allow for OoT's bambs to basically behave like MM's bambs
i know mm way better tricks are easier
aka "make OoT's bamb hovers for glitch logic not a pain to do" mode
the 3ds oot rando the devs patch isg back in and hovering is just like mm free
but its does hit everything in the room so u cant hover with switches in the room
Looks like Link is hydrated now.
@Jonxhas i probably should of listen to you and put the stray fairies on junk spirit temple key is on 15 KEKW
if its a small, you could be home free still
if its the big and you need it? yeaaaa whoops KEKW
small hopefully i don't need it gonna save scum silver gauntlets chest
basically for spirit temple key scumming: prefer adult over kid inside of it
could go further, savescum bringing kid further then the first few rooms KEKW
like - if you have silver gauntlets accessible, kid might never be needed up there outside of "logical need"
i haven't did much in spirit didn't have shit my 1st time there
That notification wouldn't go away so I decided to send it lol
and you still haven't played alttp
I think you would like that game. One of my favorite Zelda games.
to be fair, LTTP is kinda rough around the edges less for its controls and more for the time it's been made and the related small things on the game design side which make sense but also makeit harder then need be
The randos seem interesting as well.
I dont think the game is nearly as cryptic as it could have been considering the SNES
just in terms of health is what I mean - or rather the damage interactions at times
its the one zelda game I infrequently come back to where I'll never not get as much health as I can cus of small mistakes custing so much
I dont find the game problematic in that way but I usually fill up on fairies and potions and dont have big issues with the dungeons.
rando has pushed me into green tunic, 4hearts mire for boss once on fighter sword (which was also my fault for not knowing the setting knobs) and while I got through it, maaan was it rough with no net KEKW
I hate knockback, but it doesnt bother me in that game. I never had to restart an entire area because of it like in other games.
Fighter sword - eyeball monster is like ch7 scaled LP at the beginning of a Pape Rando.
yep, koldstare isnt a fun fight on that KEKW
Yup, Moldorm is the worst enemy in the game. Even wrote an article about that for Zelda Universe
no clue when it was named "moldorm" when trolldorm just fits so much better given the knockback KEKW
You also fight him twice, but the second fight isnt nearly as bad because you should have the fully upgraded sword at that point.
along of it doesn't make me fight Blind with 3 hearts i should be okay
@blacktiger51 I meaaan, get early pearl, titan mitts - you're at blind already logically KEKW
I dont remember Koldstare being an issue. There are jo holes in the floor and you can just fuck him up with fire magic.
Moldorm is trash. No disagreement here.
am I misthinkin the names of the "puffy frost eye" and the "big eyeball smol eyeballs" there?
@Jonxhas I'm sure i can beat any other boss with no damage but blind scared me
That game has a multiworld rando thats cool.
LTTPR is also in AP if one wanted to set up an async multiworld PrideLaugh
like - dont get me wrong, standalone multis are beeeg
but the ability to make that process cross game workable is amaaazeballs
I think the least interesting game on that list is the original Zelda.
ah so its something like a Zelda 2d speed-athon or whatever ya wanna call it
Pokmon XD gale of darkness is an interesting choice.
similar ish to those multi mario runs
Ill take a zelda run over mario anyday of the week.
Although Paper Mario is the exception.
And he doesnt even drop a skull necklace.
so hear me out? about the only thing I hope there for anyone doing them runs is that if it gets to be a lengthy thing, that after x amount of time spent in a session, breaks are allowed to not screw sleep / rest over
The OoT 100% run is crazy. Watching them do all those tricks in a four hour period is crazy.
1 thing i like about the re4 remake speed run is you use igt and you allowed up to 5 mins of pause  time whenever you want to take a quick break
You know why they call it a peahat?
Because his head is filled with pee.
if it is that skip the 1 green at lon lon right
I think Y is also dash
that barrel  you skip was a halfway point
dont want to but need to get some snooze HahaSleep brain's dozin off beeg time c.c
hope the snes testing goes well PrideLove
king collage is where u save the game
i used to speedrun doremi lol
another good rpg is lufia 2
especially not one w/ a God awful translation as BoF2
played it on wii vc after i seen a lets play of it
there's a super jank translated one too
you said no rpgs so i have no idea
so can we play something else LuL
delete whatever that was with extreme prejudice
this one's w/ the Luigi that looks like Luigi, and not a recolored Mario sprite
maybe delete the rom and try it again
i swear i beat this game like 400 times as a kid
I would say I'm pretty good at Mario World, never did 100% tho
Hang on I played a Mario World playaround tas in a Discord call one time
only levels i hate are auto scroller
why save anywhere when you can just beat a castle
my fav star fox game is star fox adventures
ah so this is what inspired Hollywood's reboot addiction?
Can you try playing Super Buster Bros if you're gonna test more?
Hardest game that I beat was this games third path.
I played it start to finish on the SNES Classic
I beat level 3. Fuckin hard as hell.
There are some interesting secrets in this game. You can get to the black hole in this level.
Anyone ever get to the slot machine area in this game?
I played Mario is Missing at a booth during LVL UP EXPO and Daisy and Luigi cosplayers walked past me shouting "Mario is Missing!"
Can I lobby for a game. I do have that nice gift sub badge.
playing on a real SNES is a big disrespect to Byuu after all he did
Only need to try it once
It's like when vs puzzle games have you remove garbage blocks
with a real snes how will you play poorly made romhacks meant for ZSNES
It looks like the background of some of the Megaman Battle Network level
It's basically every romhack made for the SNES up until around 2014ish
Its not one of my favs lol
the art style makes me think this was originally gonna be a kirby game
The music in this game was a technical marvel on the SNES
Would you believe me if I told you Shigeru Miyamoto loved Plok?
Composer for Plok is Tim Follin who is a legendary composer of the 8-bit and 16-bit era
Except he mostly worked on shovelware games
Plok is the only Tim Folin game I've heard good things about gameplay wise
May I also recommend this Tim Follin track?
Rocky Rodent is just another quirky platformer but it's actually better than plok
this is almost darker than kidnapping
based physics for you to enjoy
Phantom wishes he could get the hairspray irl
what are these "games" you're playing
This game feels very Wario Land
That is some anime protagonist hair stuff
omg this game is all coming back to me
physics based in an acid trip lol
Sonic and wario land mix kinda yeah
That girl is like twice as tall than that mouse cop
I feel like Rocky Rodent would have some wild 90s SNES magazine ads
i want to know 1 thing how is he out running a car
...y is the axe a mohawk thats a boomerang?
Demon's Crest if you somehow haven't played it
I had never hear of it before but it looks fun
it's the sequel where you play as firebrand yep
Game Grumps did Goof Troop twice it was such a gem
this game was so cool as a kid
Max is faster, Goofy KO's with one hit
this game lead to Resident Evil
aladdin and lion king were based cultural icon games
is good but its not easy later on
it's a top down puzzle adventure thing
pick up the pots n' crap and throw 'em
or kick the blocks into 'em
this game remind me of zelda 4 swords
I should've said EVO search for eden but that's scraping the barrel as well
bell draws aggro, hookshot draws shit towards you
Phantom picks Max when given a character selection between Goofy and MAx
Not surprised, he likes Twilight Princess
as you can see you can do some epic trolling in co op with those blocks
this game was so much fun in coop
You didn't watch Game Grumps between 2012 and 2017 then?
it's a shame this game is very good
I learned about this game from GDQ runs
pick rocky so that they know you have huge tanooki balls
it;s like Spore on the SNES
notice that the map is half the size of the original
It's just not the same without the Japanese radio drama playing in the back
guess u have to save link in this game
level 1 is in the same spot yeah
this is definitely how i played z1
play the sprite pack for the mesen emulator, it's better than this rush job
how did the run go earlier?@morpheus080
Mesen is cool but not as authentic as playing remakes on SNES
or sega genesis btw don't forget to check out Mega Man: The Sequel Wars when it releases in a few days
i totally forgot you can buy keys in zelda 1
no we want the BS zelda no densetsu orders
you get the raft in this one right
and then to level 4 quick
You want drops? manip them then u zelda speedrunner
i cant hear the response if you said something I just got FIVE ADS
I hope you enjoy the can of soda that me watching 5 ads just earned you
no i will not be buying the roomba lawn mower it just shoved in my face
just go to level 8 real quick and get the magic key
manhandla probably gets SICK of being bombed
did they ever do a bomb immune manhandla?
Enjoy your stay in our luxurious LEVEL-4 Hotel
I played through this a single time
I didn't run it on retroarch but I may have the save file to prove I did idk
You destroyed all the whacka bumps
Phantom will casually play an entire evening's worth of Zelda but will only give Rocky Roden 2 and a half levels of play
its cuz this game is better
Rocky Roden is called "Nitropunks Mightheads" in Japan, which explains the hair power ups
The virgin zelda player vs. the chad darknut
the sprite for those things look like a dragon quest monster
you could say this Zelda is, BS
I've always wanted to try it
are you playing this on everdrive?
BS Zelda is a tight, enjoyable experience meant to be experienced in 3 play sessions and plenty of tips and hints
didn't know you could put satellaview stuff on an everdrive
This is a standalone ROM that runs right on the SNES, not an emulated statellaview
had to do the same for Kirby's Toy Box stuff lol
how can you blast through the minish cap darknut room but fail to level-4 basic original NES 'nuts
NES darknuts are terrible to fight against lmao
and finding out for how long?
so the only notes i have for this game when you learn the speedrun
oh you can switch items with the L and R button. thank goodness
I was pretty curious about the drop table and how much different or same it is as compared to the og
it's kinda similar, but also vastly different
I also know that Darknuts are absolute bullshit in this game
them telling the kids what an "ocarina" was was the biggest cultural mistake ever made
I used to have an ocarina. it was pretty cool
alexa play that youtube video of a guy carving an ocarina out of a potato and playing Darude - Sandstorm on it
how many keys do you need?
you had 1 key already LOL
it was the room where you defeated darknuts and went to go get the whistle
but you know, now you have an extra key! which is nice PrideUwu
this is where the trivia facts run dry
iceblue sending the secret paper mario rando strats
The only strats I have is marking mystic water before actually picking it up
And forgetting to pick it up
we've uh, gone past the play time limit for the first night
Recorder doesn't function the way it does in Z1
guess you have to play Clay fighter instead
It's direction you're facing when the whirlwind picks you up
So depending on what triforces you have, in this case 1, 2, 3, 4.
It'll take you +1 if you're facing Right or Up
I forgot where levels 5-7 were in this
It'll take you -1 if you're facing Down or Left
Counter starts at 1 on power up, so when you get the recorder, you're at 1. So out of 4 in the speedrun, you play it and get picked up facing left or down
If you find any type of glitches, please let me know :)
I'd love to blow this game open
I beat the game just dont remember the dungeons
I remember the epic twist at the end haha
they literally did a stupid fangame nonsense story thing in this
I swear to god you all better follow
he forgot how to move left
I just got a stupid idea
can you manip the rng there? or will it always be a certain order?
So I might have an idea for that miniboss
but of course I'm not saying anything unless you okay it
you're playing a different version than i speedrun
it's in the folder i sent you :)
yeah this is the updated version
well you are missing a weapon
i mean there is, but it's not the weapon you're mmissing
There's a movement glitch that looks actually fun in totk
You do a weird menu thing spawning a wood square and it becomes a magic carpet
It lasts forever and goes very fast
You got your door money back Pog
but the TotK I picked up for $50 might be, hoping it isn't
wow you avoided every single troll in this dungeon, incredible
there's 4 staircases that lead you 1 way
and you have to trek back
i mean you ARE missing a sword :)
no this is BS Legend of Zelda
Yeah but does it hide a secret?
did you know? There's a graveyard nearby
There's still a sword out there
ah yes. more rupees, just what you needed
is that a ladder in the water??
in a Phoenix Wright Crime Scene
what the fuck it's schmoovin now
I've never seen a Z1 like game before so this is interesting
Your frames!!! ALL THREE OF THEM
we don't fucking speedrun this bullshit
The game just gave you the fucking answer wtf
'how dare the game give any kinda hint'
imagine not getting the master sword
KIDNAPPED LIKE THE PRINCESS IN LITERALLY EVERY GAME
i can't wait to teach you this at GDQ
Ice, why do you do this to yourself
Oh trust me, the fight isn't this difficult LMAO
There's a pattern to Ganon's madness
Thanks for the fun SNES stream gn
Pape is in the middle of the night Sadge
11PM for me but that's starting after I go to bed
im just glad u nailed the mic couch spots
Doing good, recovering before work tomorrow :D
All the vods are clipped, the thank yous have been exchange, and I am impatiently waiting for Speedromizer IV
Next time i'm going with a different shirt company. No more Custom ink xD
I am starting up my own speedrunning event, I would invite you but from what I saw you don't run any Disney game
It is going to be a Disney exclusive Speedrun event
Yeah, I am very excited to hopefully get some good submissions, I have all of SGDQ to advertise
my goodness do i love this boss
OoT they arent really overbearing in their presence.
Majoras Mask only has one and you get a heart piece for killing it.
OoT, They are exclusively in Hyrule field. Only active in the daytime.
Only one in MM, but it is in a grotto in Termina Field
One of two grottos in Termina field where you get a heart piece for killing an enemy that only appears once in the game. The other grotto has two dodongos.
@pethanct01 unless you like to play the actorizer, but yeah I just. Thank god every time I play there's not too many peahats
Cool thing with the light arrows in that game, the blue bubbles drop a purple rupee of shot by a light arrow.
I can't believe link is fucking dead
The first door jump is honestly extremely hard
First door jump is easy once you jump first before holding left
Is this the last stream before SGDQ?
Doing great! Did a bunch of gardening today
Been alright, eating some Papa Johns while watching PizzaTime
Sup sway nc told me u do minish cap speedruns peachi80CatGaming
No not pineapple pizza the normal pepperoni
did u hear about the 94 minute speedrun for the new Zelda game
Guiles original theme is what i was talking about not this song lol ur right
Probably like rooms that doesn't have anything,  probably desert rooms are missing? Hmm
it would be funny if all of desert was still in there
Good thing you have goombario instead of bombette then if you have to fight blooper
hello, and congrats on hammers and bombs falling from trees
good luck, ive already loaded them all on my drive
i heard its only ch3 and 2
Best chapter to be high scale imo, koopa bros are easy and most things have counters
Lol Everyone is here, only sushie remains
Damage Dodged is 2 less than normal (-3 total)?
i thought you were blocking and taking 2 damage - but here it was 3
and earlier it was 4 - idgi :(
oh - yeah, i missed it - thx
i beat the 2nd seed today i wanted to puke when i got elegy of emptiness
do you mean that's a rando thing, instead of a vanilla thing?
good afternoon mr. phantom "amateur Paper Mario speedrunner" 5800
Thought you left for SGDQ already.
Why would there be an inside? :)
Is that bot command supposed to show up on stream?
oh god this is the ancient version
That chapter felt way shorter cause of it
Wait until you get to ch2 though
They could cut the second part of the town, they would eliminate the Tubba cutscene
Super grats on the pb yesterday and it seams ur celebratin with a rando.
Hello all. Hope everyones doing well today. Sorry Im late
he's dead next turn so turn on the censors in case he says a gamer word live on your twitch channel
Ultra Hammer gets you 2 checks at this point?
I have mixed feelings about seeing my dark lord and master already on the tracker mister206Gombidious
Why not take the dried mushroom
It must be so blessed that all the spicy checks are required this seed Kappa
Was wondering where that lz would take you KEKW
What happened to the rest of ddd
I just accepted it without questioning anything LUL
Nice, how is the trimmed seed?
Well that got through the desert fast NiceSoftlock
33 subs away. I can almost hear the book of mario
Well going straight to outside of ruins helps answer what the "cut down world" is
I think I might like smaller desert but this might be a little bit too small...
Yo ch2 full clear in one trip?
And that is the logical 4th ruins key
Must've been lucky to get all 3 stones before coming here
I love taking enemies out in the name of pure spite
A vanilla jammin jelly sounds good. When did they start putting vanilla in them?
Hey Phantom! Good luck on your seed phanto274BLANKIES
@Phantom5800 it seems like your Sound Alerts browser source is offline :( Make sure you've implemented the source correctly in OBS or refresh the source phanto274Smile Cheer100
At least 2 and that's enough
Have you done the one by the ch7 entrance yet?
The other one also has a relevant save block, not just the coin block
A heart block for a fight you often want peril... There is also a heart block at the top of Tubba's
Assuming that room also still exists
It would have been the 3rd dungeon where the last key was in the dungeon
do you know how to add a dev tracker to emo tracker?
i been trying to add the ott x mm tracker for the pass couple days cant figure it out
I assume you already did Prologue?
so i found a read me file and it told me how to do it
It will be interesting watching you voluntarily /not/ fight Dark Koopas to return to 3
How much time do you think all the cheating saved you. Id say not having to double dip Chapter 7 was good.
Now that I think of it, Dark Koopas will probably never be fought with these settings
So how much smaller is the world?
I can try to watch the vod later
Awesome! I will try to keep up
Do you know if Bowser's castle is included in the change?
Yeah, exactly, new seeds added a small number of badges
FX C is back in the poll lol
Desert weird but I def wouldn't mind having less screens of mindless movement
promising if it's that much faster though
Partners were frontloaded so hard to say in terms of placement but this is like 20+ minutes timesave on average, right?
Alright, 15-20 minutes still a big deal on a run this length
I found it curious that you didn't notice one of the map removals. Speaks to the uselessness of that map in particular I guess lol. Gg
Uh, time to save the Yoshis YEP
But how will you get more coins? Ha
is this just a standard seed? i'm curious what the experimental settings are/were
this seed want me to fight bongo bongo as child with 3 hearts monkaW
wouldn't be that bad if i had a slingshot
Hmm if i can get isg off him i can probably win
Me and my bf were enjoying the stream til our internet went down... phanto274Rage
comcast is truly awful... i escaped it by moving to canada
now i have to deal with telus .-.
i've gotten tons of "Welcome to the chat room!" messages today
it won't help with the pit but it is sure Something
yeah BUT you can go to chapter 2 now
Does that make it a sphere one super hammer?
Ok. No biggie. I was just curious
Did I miss you doing 6?
Sorry making dinner and listening. I miss stuff
Hey phantom! How the rando doing ? Also what are the experimental settings?
Combo Breaker time is upon me
Ok. S9 with 2 different seeds, do you like it better so far?
I want to see an in between seed of this one and the last one
For real, no LP fight, or just because of the glitch?
I am personally very much in favor of removing fluff for races
Yeah, just about the only way to get rid of the keys is to remove parts of the game, either removing rooms and checks like this does or making certain chapters irrelevant
I wonder how much it would change if ch3 progress was based on obtaining Bow rather than doing her check
NOOOO i missed so much rando!
3 I think, lake technically counts
I just want goombario to be relevant
FWIW you're guaranteed to have a way to break the ice just by getting to 7
Either Super Boots+Sushie or Odd Key+Bombette required without more extreme entrance rando
Unfortunately I think this game with open world settings on makes the problem of too many keys worse for races
Fast travel might help but I'm not sure how much it would
Removing areas from logic/existence just happens to be the easiest
Time to full clear ch2 phanto274Hype
Removing the entire desert is extreme, curious how the game would play if other chapters were similarly cut down
Possible ideas for similarly extreme cutdowns: place the Gusty Gulch gap room right after the gate, move the windmill entrance to the top of Tubba's castle
I was trying to think of what could be done for 7 but most of the rooms you have to pass through have logic locks
You could remove the Monstar room and the item pillars room but you couldn't really cut anything else until inside the Palace
but he says I crushed him
I need to check these out
so this is the devs trying things out?
Ahhh, okay. I just saw the category on your channel. Minish is awesome for sure hitori18Wawa
honestly, if only the portions of the desert were included that would be great
So what was the difference in desert?
Ok now this Im on board with
Plus it makes early 3 more palletable
I liked the short 3 also#
I will also say tonight was I think the first time I finished a seed with super boots
Also ultra damage was needed for go mode in ruins
Id take that over Goomba king any day
how is the run going Phantom?
Is there something about the logic that makes Tubba keys and Palace keys consistently bad, or are they just unlucky?
So basically 'sometimes not in Rowf's shop'
What paper mario is this, it looks like thousand year fold
uh oh, the single checks are an issue?
some thing i dont like about this
yup even tho u was here 2 mins before me Analyze
well I hope you enjoy yourself
deciding to finally try an oot rando
GL from me and Mythy Wythy
We just did a GDQ practice run and he got a 1:36
also had the luckiest jumpless rando for paper mario 2nd check gave me boots and third check was super boots
that sounds like a reroll ro me
What makes that loading zone work?
Have you played super star saga?
I forgot it had a rando
that rando doesn't looks fun at all
Have the judge tree convict them
are you doing a run for GDQ?
Man the sound design in this game
I can't  believe Buff00n called you a bitch just now smh
Random mixes of 8bit reused sound effects from links awakening
Thats a wind waker boss too if I remember correctly
Now that I think about it a lot of GBA games use 8bit samples
I got sick so I didnt go to school
oh no i have 1 check left and its bongo bongo if he have nothing i think i hard locked my self i skip a key door in shadow
you'll def beat this lol you just showed another minute of potential
How's it going brother! Just started watching your stuff on Paper Mario Rando and been loving your content. Finally able to catch one of your streams. Keep up the awesome work man!
Yea i caught the new trimmed seed VOD as well. The desert feels so weird lol just being void xD
i think the desert will be a lot better if it was like 4 screens kolorado camp oasis and the hit the block 10 times for the 3 checks
@blacktiger51 yeee I agree. Give it a bit more of a body. Also more incentive to check it.
just remove the 3rd station from toybox
Like another warpshroom if youve defeated the chapter boss?
give mario a warp mushroom and when u set foot in the dungeon u can warp there
Are you allowed to do that hammer clip for the item in blue house in a race?
might be a lot of work to program that in tho
like is there a rule against it
but yeah that allowed in race rules
looks like if i cant get a shadow key out of logic the seed is dead
i still of tons to do but if i have to go into mm and look i have a time limit
i think ocarina item is a thing in mm but not sure
great its is a trick in mm but its hard
I fuckin hate Lucina Up Smash
what's Trimmed World? I was thrashed by MVD, so I wasn't listening
trimmed world. they took a bit off the top
'tis not in my skillset i'm afraid
you could always ask mea, i think he's decent at it
that's where ice got his shock emotes
i just found the ocarina for mm very late out of logic
story mode is basically your "puzzle mode" where you gotta figure out the fastest way to clear each stage, and i live for that
that's usually how the series is of course, with vs being random, but i still love it
helps that there's gimmick bubbles that do various things to help or hinder you
looked behind iron boots and iron boots was locked behind 5 shadow keys
actually no i had 2 keys
is it too late to change my vote?
oh boy now every mario advance game is on NSO
they only had 4, which was SMB3 + e-reader stages
so tonight they just... added the rest
It's fun watching Parakarry bump into himself
now we just need SMBDX and we're good
cause let's be honest, Super Mario Bros Deluxe is just Advance 0
lessee portable version of classic mario title with added features? that's advance
pog i just learn a new glitch in oot
has... ace coins and yoshi eggs?
great, my boss made me want cookies now lmao
she said in teams it's so slow she's "watching her figure" with chips and cookies
oh the FP plus is so nice at 1 point lol
How long has input display been dead?
phantom is controlling the game psychically
I've been in background audio mode and when I peeked back, I noticed the blank spot lol
smh my head not capturing the virtual boy
i will gift a sub if it supports virtual boy
Good thing I can read backwards
You know what else does almost all those consoles? BizHawk Kappa
Just tape the switch numbers to each console
Couldnt you have just mappled and air raided
is it possible to randomize the star spirit you obtain after each chapter? and with it the costs of the spirits power?
yo phantom how's the pape tonight hamer
you found goombario? sucks dude wtf
With laki do you even need any fortress keys?
bro youre gonna need that stinky herb, smh
If it did it probably would have more than 89k
I redeemed too many seeds lol
i think the green looks better
The 1st time I got hit by suoer bloopers charge attack my draw literally dropped
So theoretically can you just go to 7 super early in vanilla?
ah, at last.... home with a keyboard instead of crappy mobile typing :|
I was on a bus :|
Looks like you found Pallos Key. Where was it?
Just use the bus "in-house" keyboard @SuprJen
Im dying at that typo LMAO
@pallos7 I always call it Pallos Key, isnt that what it is?
and you'd best believe i ain't touchin it if there was one. too many germs
Phantom can definitely back me up on this. He always says Pallos Key.
I got stranded about two or three miles from home. and my husband wasn't wanswering his phone :|
suffice to say my evening has been unfun
Wanswering, is that what Waluigi and Wario call it?
I couldnt resist, this is probably why I live alone.
Nice to see you are actually having fun with these seeds again.
can we make u play oot rando?
Hmmm. Havent seen you tortured by Pokemon Crystal in a while.
oh nice, i love pokemon. What is randomized in crystal?
good. I'm already eyeing the "give me a rando seed" reward too
am a long way away but still LUL
crystal rando is the only Pokmon rando i like watching
He needs all of them, but he can supposedly edit it down to 14 badges.
oh so is it like overworld pokeball checks included?
had a seed recently i thought was broken, but i guess key logic in ToD has changed
The Crystal rando streams here are great. Nothing like watching him torture himself because he forgot Mt. Moon exists. Also Town Digging.
would you ever torture yourself and make it a nuzlocke as well LOL
it was restricted, the only bomb bag was behind a key door in ToD and the final ToD key was bomb-blocked. I'd been under the impression that all 4 keys were required (by logic) for any key checks
just as i start asking questions :P
Chat gets too attached to the mons so Nuzlocke probably would be too much for us.
with keys logic is kinda weird for zelda its depends on what items u have and if there 2 ways u can go in logic then it req 2 keys ect
He needs to be announcing his Dark Lord.
its like that for all zelda games
just the red portal - i tried, and couldn't go back through for it
I thought of that and thought i was so big brained
i dont remember what tod looks like glitchless anymore
but i got to torture my friend with the seed, so worth
Looks like you are doing 3
But, I want Book of Mario
what do you want their names to be'
GO SUB BabyRage Phantom's videos make excellent relaxing rest-time watching
1000 Sub special, Goombario cosplay for next rando stream
Phantom's videos need more explosions ngl
His videos have very little Goombas in them, so if you hate Goombas, youll like Phantom
if only there were noble, dedicated, awesome people to do that in your chat
phantom when mk8 48 tracks 150cc items on
Oh yeah, you had to dip gulch
even better phantom just play unite with me
Bear and MVD dont play with me cause im too lazy to ask
and that must be their fault
Anyways happy i could catch you live! was nice meeting yall, have a wonderful night and gl with rest of the run
Not sure how many in Crystal Pallos.
Goombario is Phantoms favorite character. He will be playing with him in Book of Mario quite a bit.
Super Mario RPG 2 for the Ultra Nintendo Entertainment System
come to my castle and get it boy
This is a weird chain of comments.
oh no not my hundred tokens ResidentSleeper
Only 150 points wagered on Yes, no one's losing sleep LUL
And yes, Glenn. We do love Goombario. <3
I love the swap in tiem signature in the middle of this song
you pick up logs from the dump and inoculate them with your KINOKO?
do not smash the computer u can use it to track bowser
now you will have to hire an engineer to fly to Bowser good job
did mario just pick up a gin and tonic get lit 
4 ads from twitch telling me to buy kraft singles cheese and a roomba lawn mower and diablo 4
whoops i just crash my game
i should've bought the diablo 4 kfc double down meal but they're discontinued now
dang nintendo patched out item duping in zelda lmfao
i had my fun with it
and i just crash my game again
wow never seen you clear a chapter without even knowing its level before lol
Weren't Shy Guys 5 HP? So this should be 2 and 2 is 1
that was a quick toy box
only problem he was pitted against military mastermind Mario Mario
have a good rest of the run
but not before i pass out HahaSleep
why hasnt this badass vehicle ever shwon up ina amiaro kart
WTF HOW SHORT THEY MADE THE CHAPTER 8 CASTLE WTFD
just in time to watch you kick bowser's butt. nice!!
Bowser's ASS stop self censoring what the fuck
There's an "Disguise Adult Bowser Kit" costume for you on Amazon for $42 if you want it phantom
and you know what my next car will be?
is she ACTUALLY playing mario and not Zelda? :P
but phantom have you packed yet
Who needs to pack, as long as you've got your wallet and the clothes on your back, you'll be fine phanto274Smile
i can't believe you let the toybox toads name your file
Is that a custom player sprite or just how the game normally is?
is that a dynasty warriors fortune street crossover
it's River City Saga: Three Kingdoms
your pape #RealHardware crash was recommend to me on youtube LUL
literally river city crossover with romance of the three kingdoms, so there's your river city in china
i looked it up, it's a flash game
i found out why i crash my rando yesterday
i miss a step in the glitch i was doing lol
have you ran anything on gamecube?
I know that enemy from hyrule warriors LUL
please don't do that to my heart
you can use arrows on digdogger
you have no way of getting to the end of d6
finish out the run to practice 7 and 8
you might have to do 7 before 8
can manhandla not be a dick? nope, impossible
i'll have to show you the secret strats
For some reason, I just dont see Ganon having a skull rug as decoration.
Oh wow this is BS Zelda!!
Yeah I conned him into running it
I dont think Ive seen a Vire or Pols Voice in any later games.
pols voices are in the DS Zeldas
vire is also in LA and Oracles
Hey from YT. Been watching your runs for awhile. Probably will just lurk. Wanted to say something.
mega man 7 so you can beat up cloud man and junk man again
and freeze man for having the worst scenario in BN2
i just realized only burst man and spring man don't have navi equivalents
You should try the lord of the rings game to see how the graphics compare to that awful Gollum one that just can eiur
the rest of the MM7 cast do
Not gonna like it feels like a stoppage at an NHL game right now
Fun Fact: This game had an original large Japanese type pf OST that was replaced with.....this
The original OST is in the Japanese ver of this game
i'm mad that two of my favorite games were what would eventually become blizzard
Anything by TITUS is absolute mediocre at best
i got that blizzard arcade collection just for those, and then a week later all the shit about them came out
the lvls of this game can be beaten in like 30 seconds
This is indie games quality before indie games were a thing
scratch that. More of a cheap mobile type of platformer
This reminds me of Flash platformers from my era
You could damage boost to get back up YEP
didnt a sequel can release a few years back??
Where is the manual in the box modCheck
i think if you hold back, then press forward and punch
Just use the All-Stars version then :)
Im talking as if Im not a pack 2 hours before leaving person
i missed the swap to the SNES game gauntlet for tonight huh
You gonna try to go to AGDQ wherever it ends up?
you do evo search for eden?
I used to pack in advance but nowadays I rarely bring enough stuff to justify it
if its back in Maryland Id probably go since itll probably attach itself to the end of Magfest like it used to
And Ive been missing Magfest for a bit
Except Im about to go to Maryland for pace and it should be unlawful to visit that state more than once in 6 months KEKW
the place where pace takes place is an absolute shithole, but the people are so cool
Smash Con is just about the only thing in that area I'd have any interest in attending
So you know how terrible laurel Maryland is LMAO
partially why Im only going for 4 days this year instead of the full week
This game is called "Nitropunk's Mightheads" in Japan
WR speedrun is 33:12, think you could beat that? :)
we have sonic the hedgehog at home
play this game long enough and you'll hear Rocky's "YEEEEAHOW!" scream in your dreams.
Rocky Rodent, also known as Rodential Rockius, is a rock-dwelling rodent. Its name is derived from its habit of burrowing into rock faces for its shelter and because it has a rocky appearance. The Rocky Rodent is a hardy predator and a tireless forager, and is believed to be the ancestor of many modern mammal species.
say that origin 2 times faster
Enix w/ no Square - cursed
i found out today that the localization director for FF14 was hired by squaresoft... but his first day was literally the day they became Square Enix lmao
i'm reasonably certain jellyfish don't have bones let alone meat
Enix brought a little basedness to Square
now the advertisers think I'll buy a ROG Ally and take it on my Norwegian cruise trip
wont be getting either of those either(can't afford)
yay a game where fish is a good thing
forgot been years since i played this
fetal position minimi6Cry gymCryrule marcoCry_HF marcoCry in zelda
what an angry looking fish creature
iirc this game was a lil grindy
lookin' like donkey kong country right now
Title of the stream should be changed to Ow.
I assume you have a horn attack somehow
Are you sure X doesn't have a hitbox?
this music makes me wanna play dragon quest lmao
You might need to downgrade jaws to do that?
you do have enough to remove the horn
show em why the bony fish won
A BRAND NEW WINDOWS HANDHELD FROM ROG
it's not a phase mom this is in the fossil record forever
look how smug he looks swimmin
And also exploiting the boss when he slams his head again
that's doing less damage at the very least
if it's not the 700 point tail is the next upgrade on the run back
yeah the wombo combo was 1 point a hit
gotta find the story progress now
This is E.V.O. Search for Eden
so how do you get to gannon?
see phantom's plan is to evolve to the point where he can pack
we have to evolve into a pig to reach Ganon
"very difficult for us to fight other creatures" they say after wrecking you
we have to see Wooper tghThis
they have no respect for this wooper
i think the wooper gills pissed them off lmao
He did set that up, whether intentional or not.
I just realized there is a discord channel for this. I posted it under the clips section.
this boss will be a toughy
Wait I had to go to Costco, what the hell is this and why do I love it
this is E.V.O. Search for Eden
i think green orb is in the previous part
but why would you want it
it's better than the 4 the coelacanths gave you
you need the green orb to wake up rayquaza
sneak up on the boss at night lmfao
what was ur success on the dragon flies?
Think about it as youre eating all of that bosses children.
Stand on one of the ledges and bite him when he jumps. I think you can sort of stun lock him.
dude can jump to space lmao
at least the games Ai is done justice
you might just have to grind like mad for more hp/defense, which is silly
Well at least youre past it lmao
That would have been nice for the last boss
I thought it would be decent too but apparently not Sadge
i will say I love how the bosses are.
I hate how that damage stacks so fast.
At least the jumping seems better for the bee kinda?
Youre eating both kidnappers and victims.
The fact the meat stays in place is ridiculous
Time to get stronger body and jaws
if not shouldn't be that long to get the better jaws
Its amazing the enemies get iframes and you get jack
funny how he can doublehit and not u
Seems he has an attacking pattern
I was gonna say can you bite him when he's stuck after the stinger attack
This is way better than I thought
The damage is a little whack on the bosses so far
Knock knock, are ya winning son GlitchCat
Somehow, I suspect that upgrading everything and trying to be balanced is suboptimal
but you have to spend lots of points, it must be good Kappa
It also doesn't help when you spend a lot of points on intermediary upgrades
I'm sure it lots too Sadge
Unfortunately, no one said boss fights were supposed to be fair, that's why they're bosses
Feels like this game is very limiting towards the player.
what is horn supposed to do?
So apparently there's a dash attack
Double tap forward should do damage if you have a horn, you can also press A during the dash with or without a horn
I think dash attack would be better if you had a horn still but IDK what to tell you
I wonder if you are supposed to go back and evolve into a reptile
You could get the lowest horn for 200, don't know how strong it is though
I see a game faqs page, I feel like it's 2005 KEKW
kind of like how jabu jabu is the dificulty range
the game faq said to be fully evolved before leaving this area you're in now monkaS
Well suggested, it's not written in the most guidelike fashion tbh
I keep seeing a reference to a tackle attack too
At least this is easy grinding
the fandom doesn't have everything filled in but the most expensive fish one doesn't break but gives you weaker than fully upgraded jaws
I would guess it's a similar pattern?
I wouldn't personally but that's a you decision
i also haven't packed yet for the record
am i the only one's packed KEKW
yeah my flight's at like 3 pm anyway
also yes you prob are morph lmao
The stinger attack is so much worse though
Wait, apparently evolving the back of the head heals you
If you device to play again
a scientist randomly picks u up and now ur a veggie KEKW
oh it's a puzzle game lmao
But how many people answered phanto274D
we dont have a sunday paper here
Business makes sense, who reads that
one thing i will say the rise of tech made me care for each of those options more
bc of ebays and amazons battle is now number 1
i think Ennopp is a railroad engineer
The people who operate the trains are sometimes called engineers - same as train conductors
I'm pretty sure games of this era didn't have wrong answer databases so if the CPUs guess something, it's on the board
I have no idea. Chia seed
ok i wont back seat this rd.
Poppy seed chicken is pretty good ngl
I left my school concert for this LMAO
I already saw all my friends do their part so we good
Why are they alleither Asian or Black?
That might not be the best question out of context
I dont remember this game being intuitive.
diversity popesHmm majinHmm minimi6Hmm trevHmm stonee1Hmph stonee1Hmph_SQ popesHmm_HF
Emilio the girl OMFG im dying
is it a proffesion or a person name?
Why does she move so slowly
R S L T V E
Those are the most common letters
RSTLNE are the bonus round letters
I'm too young for this game, should I know who that is? LUL
@MarioManTAW Sally Field is well known internationally
Sally Field is Marty McFlys mom
What the fuck does Same Name mean
"The monster that lives under the bed"
I think same name is two things in which partly have similar names. Maybe like Sally Field of Dreams
Vanna White has seen better days
She thinks this a beauty pageant
That third word is and so n and d are safe
Dude Meg is rich holy shit
Too bad you wont get to play
I think I know all but the last word but once again know none of these people
Y and D should also be free
Why'd your guy just stop clapping
"I" actually ended up being the key
I dont know who either of those people are
What song is this, I need to know
I think second word might be shift
Second word might end with K
Why does he look like that
it seems this was before the rules were in place
there is no money carry over unless u win that round.
                
                
To all Kyo players the CURSE OF RA                                                                                
To all Kyo players the CURSE OF RA                                                                                
To all Kyo players the CURSE OF RA                                                                                
To all Kyo players the CURSE OF RA                                                                                
To all Kyo players the CURSE OF RA                                                                                
I have no idea how this is going to look small
What the actual fuck is that
I dont wanna think about toad's cock
Tall toad is kinda cursed ngl
considering I placed 49th at CB w/o playing Ultimate in forever, I like the idea of putting in some work to earn a medal next CB
Sorry, first time here for rando elisLUL
Not much going on. Gotta search the net for late game grind ideas in the xeno 3 dlc
free Chipotle > Chipotle you pay for
Im hungry but I also have no money
Taco Bell doesn't even try to pretend it's Hispanic food
for that, it has my respect
I've been liking that new burrito. It's got enough filling and isn't too sloppy. angelb73
his legs are long what a freak
if Toad was chasing me while constantly going "BOP", I'd also run for my life
i just gave you a hype react
Special offer, today only: gimme a $100 for $20
Bot keeps edging closer and closer to sentience
I hate these gremlins and those puff-things from Majora's Mask
Baby Aoad grew up to be Toad
I just don't know why toad is tall
That doesn't work. He looks like he is running around in his underwear.
You should do it to spite Phantom.
there's a decent chance I'mma see Across the Spider-Verse again
also, they teased a LOT of "Across" in the 1st movie
I saw Across the Spider-Verse twice opening day
worthless check for a shitty room
WW miniboss theme is one of my fav songs
holy shit you're a grown ass toad
Toad looks down at stuff like he's gonna take a piss on it
Everyone comes in talking about this wack ass Toad
I didn't call him a freak
I just want him to put on some pants
do not stan this diaper wearing doto
how was I supposed to spell it
imagine running around in a fuckin diaper
you doing pretty well for someone who's picked up KOF fairly recently
I don't like how tall toad is 
not happening cuz I don't get off work until 10:15
Get that shit off the screen
Just in time to watch Phantom get angry at a Paper Mario Rando.
It looks ok for some names but mine I can't read my username lol
They cant read because they are illiterate.
one day i will change off of this deep purple
but today is not that day
amazon offer me a month free but i had it years ago
lol black would look awkward a little bit probably
This looks way better to me but tbf I'm not sure if YT compression makes things worse
i'll have a better one soon
yo tiger ty for the gl
I missed Pape bc it was in the middle of the night
This seed is truly amazing and beautiful with the curses it will bring mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
this seed is off to a cumderful start
ok nvm you can get back out
nooooooo my bow badge is gone peepoSad
Or just super boots to break the block?
Its like I knew about supers LUL
but its okay got a new one for my birthday and this one wont break
Or was it just the two things.
Upgrade our dark master already mister206Gombidious mister206Gombidious
i definitely thought kooper was a bomb
I would be happy with 4-10
I just hope I don't get like 7am for shifts when I get up there lol
The job interview I had today was for a 7am-5pm position random239RIP
You'd be able to... but would you? I know I have a hard time streaming after my work...
How many does a sword or diamond get? Kappa
He's been eating the cheeto puffs.
This seed is taking you on a journey for the hammer believe me. Its going to be a while LUL
When do you do ch3 w/ Boots?
the blue key hate is real LUL
I love Blue Key for the chaos.
me too blue key chaos is best
So apparently Ruins Stone Skip might actually work in rando? If you're ever feeling like doing ALL the glitches...
hello just finished my stream on kh1 level 1
Phantom smh at our blue key love in chat LUL
At least chasing the coin netted you a required key.
You could always get it with Super Boots still
What wins races for Phantom: Taking chances, good battling skills. What loses races for Phantom: Goombario on fuzzies.
What wins races for people: their full faith and love of Goombario Kappa
yeah that coin needs to be sealed it went places money should have never went Kappa
Hey blacktiger I'll trade you games
Give into the darkness Phantom. Use Goombario for the pit Kappa
Going to beat 2 after finishing 1? PAUSERS
We love slow painful checks to maximize our time with mister206Gombidious
Hey, as long as you're having fun, that's what matters phanto274Smile
As far as partners go for battling, I can't think of an odder/worse trio
Talk about what's for dinner after this rando?
Not even for a baby bib?
Wanna Clippy to the Bombette check here? Kappa
It's fine, there are 2 other Bombette checks you skipped here anyway
How do we not have a peed command yet?
No overpowered Kooper Fire shell this time?
Oh cool twitch already backpedaled fully on the new ad guidelines
Majors don't have to leave the platform now lol
Is Quick Change usable this seed? I wasn't paying attention
They did? Nice. What did you think/react?
When they first said all that shit?
The sponsors would just stop going to twitch
the second i saw it i was like huh twitch are you stupid
Phantom I'm consistent with the ash combo now
I'm not playing this bitch but I'm just doing it to flex on my friend who has been trying to play ash but can't do them lol
Was Twitch trying to drive every major esports event off the platform?
They wanted that sweet money from underprivileged groups.
Twitch and Youtube are different mediums though. That's why the backlash was as bad as it was.
Phantom this partner sucks ass why'd you put the good one away
Misty would be a cool partner
She's have a psyduck that'd do jack shit but I like psyduck so it'd be cool anyway
The main issue I have with streamers is them reacting to YouTube videos. The gaming channels like this are fine, gives exposure to games, which I why I liked the idea of asking you to play Crosscode.
We love cheating the Ruins YEP
React content is fine depending how they do it
a lot of it is lazy af but some actually add to it
Or ig not quite FC since there are Bombette checks pepeW
I don't agree with it on YouTube and I don't agree with it here. I think content should be original.  I think the criticism towards that genre is fair.
I forgot I changed my ping sounds for twitch
I got jumpscared by geese howard shouting "SHIT"
I played the best game of mario kart wii in my life
You better be ready to play the best jackbox of your life tn
@Pallos7 He hasn't found your key yet, so you are just in time from the best game to this.
Imagine. Being able to use Goombario to slot in instead of one of the stones to fight Tutankoopa. That would be amazing
I got a feeling we won't be seeing anymore of Goombario.
If it wasnt for Laki then we wouldve seen all the Goombario action we dream about
You say that with such confidence that I have faith you would rather struggle with Kooper than use goombario LUL
Why did my boy teleport lolol
So how does this glitch work?
i come back from the store and THIS is what i see?
Laki is not allowing you to cheat your time with Goombario Kappa
Apple bought a Twitch ad for that new headset
Hey wait a minute! Weren't you the guy on stage at SGDQ during that one run? yoshizThink
gl dude hope SGDQ was fun
Subscribe to YouTube dot com slash Phantom5800
Speaking of SGDQ, I saw you in a picture with Undertale speedrunner Shayy who I used to watch a lot
hope I can see you at a GDQ in the future
WOAH WHAT A COOL PARTY TRICK
So do you soft lock in vanilla?
Wait, the cards can't spawn sometimes?
Saves time in All Bosses but other categories either need to touch the card or don't need to beat ch2
What are the other two situations?
Why can you first strike LP?
He'll do it if he reaches the YT sub goal
you went live right after I did, guess Ill catch the start tomorrow morning. Saw talk about twitch changes LUL
I guess technically only one of those is actually required but several would be nice to have
Welcome back, hope travel was decent
yeah M4 said he did your 218 experimental seed
im at 160 seeds rolled rn
Paper mario randomizers kinda feels like an open world game
I snatched my mother's phone KEKW
it was at 991 then i added one
while you were gone I started book of mario, played til I got to toad town... its gonna be a trip!
wait i look away was hammer vanilla
I have finally been sold on laki
since his attack is faster than watt
i wouldnt even know how to stream from a CRT
I heard about the "fight me" guy in the parking lot at 4am KEKW
I said "phantom's the tallest, he could take him" OMEGALUL
Pardon me my good sir would you please partake in a rousing round of fisticuffs with me at this early hour?
yeah ice mentioned that guy lmao
speaking of that i didn't know u was so tall
M4 said the guy was super polite
I hope you enjoyed your GDQ experience
i was gonna get SF6 but i could only afford one game puchase this check
did they have F-Zero AX? that was there when I went
First time I played F-Zero AX I got motion sickness
I'm the same way fighting games are cool but i will never buy them
I placed 49th at ComboBreaker in Ultimate despite not playing that game for at least a year
you say 2 frames, I need to hear what ice says about that KEKW
@seventyfourtg call Raven a bitch for me
did they have the music game that has the buttons around the screen?
I'm debating if I wanna apply myself a little bit so I can MAYBE win a medal for next CB
@buff00n Which game would you play though?
Is it time.to see what beauty lurks in 7?
its wild how M4 got WR at GDQ, the youtube thumbnail says 1:06
Who needs red key when its behind blue key Kappa
Its time to shit on Jr. -Phantom every seed Kappa
there, every armor set collected in zorldo
I have mixed feelings about seeing nothing in 7 so far
@Trevbonk Can this be the thumbnail in chat?
what if boo portrait is up the mountain
I dont remember you beating Goomba King is the seed invalid? Kappa
Goombario knew his sister took parkarry hostage this entire time LUL
i don't know what classes to load out with lmao
My guess Watt is in palace or the mountain
here's the funniest thing about the remasters
Or she is in Koopa Bros Fortress.
the games were notoriously hard originally. like incredibly brutal.
the remakes here add in multiple difficulties
guess what the original experience is set as
they added 2 new difficulties. both of which are easier than the original
so gotta go hard mode for the OG experience
Next time, Laki will be locked behind Red Key, behind Blue Key.
most games would like set an easier level and a harder level
nope, they went "lets make this a bit easier" then "and even easier than that"
that groove guy was feeling around for Goombario Kappa
i made maddy sub to you there
like i just went on their computer and subbed to you with their account lmao
look they're at work they can't stop me
also they'd totally do it to help so
good thing you dont need watt anymore :tf:
I think this week will end with 1000 subs. Now, let's keep it over 1000 and hope YouTube doesn't throw a shitty new policy into the mix.
Good thing we never needed Watt when you have cheats LUL
Hmm.... I didn't think you could see it.
i think this glitch being blacked out ironically makes it way more interesting for viewing
the accuraed daystar strikes once more
You don't have Canadian wildfire smoke over there like us?
@nixnjix I have. I have embraced the Goombario mister206Gombidious
routing ch4 for later in the run to avoid sun squeex5Head
wtf, do you use the shy guys to clip out
so that's the thing you talked about for all bosses
how do you kill bowser OMEGALUL
general guy doesn't spawn without watt right
so theoretically we could just skip watt right
all chapter bosses is what all cards should be
damn i pick the worst time to make a coffee
i do think the routing enabled by card lzs is interesting at least
i will fr set up my snes for that OMEGALUL
You could say turning in boos portrait is horrifying Kappa
a 96 exit race you say
i should probably get a refund for the Super Mario World
I'll keep the other one though.
i didn't even know you ran smw tbh
Kart % would be interesting since I have no idea what that is.
Imagine just getting only a seed and the rest of everything you need to beat 2 up here LUL
so PSO2 is adding a "Creative Mode" to make things in the environment and stuff
the official PSO2 twitter just made Loss with it
Mod view is complex but also simple once you get it down
Mod view is busy, but you can adjust stuff as you want/need in there to make it easier
I am definitely making Phantom do Kart%
Speaking of meme categories. PM64 Mailman% runs confirmed? Kappa
@jokehow What are bad titles for movies aobut Slaughterhouses?
Dang, I love dumb stuff 3:
oh nice you did ruins stone skip in this too?
i didn't see watt skip do it again
There is something satisfying and yet normal about red Luigi
Sorry if that was a late response. Im eating PrideLaugh
That key is 100% in six if not in the field
i hope we can someday find a way to skip at least one ch3 key
what are you missing for 6?
forgot you dont highlight your stars
yo ice, ive been waitinng for you
but what if the key is in the coin block in the desert
i've been grocery shopping and hanging out with my daughter
Awh that sounds like a nice time PrideUwu
phantom here says you beat him by 2 frames on F-Zero. Im expecting you to say you lapped him twice LUL
did you tell chat about your 3 hour parakarry seed i made you play
axl that arcade fzero was really bad for my eyes
top speed was like 1500 in that game
that really messed with my eyes
Im gunna call it, that key is in the well
glad you made it back alright
yeah! my NES didn't survive the trip though
that doesnt sound so bad then
How about a rando where many items are vanilla?
Ch.3 has literally been nice to me like once. Its screwed me over every other time
oh dang, after YEARS of silence a friend of mine just uploaded something new
he figured out the absolute minimum percentage needed to finish ToTK (on the old patch using glitches)
im gonnna go follow on my gf's youtube lets get this bread
lmao he's still the WR holder for LA Any% ACE
that record still hasn't been topped
1 minute 21 seconds 333 ms
greentunic got close but was half a second too slow
also hasn't been a new submission for that game in nearly 2 years
i'm so sorry for not being subbed man
i'm looking at the boards, nitroz got WR 6 months ago, ice lol
nitroz is literally one of the only runners of LA
but yeah Any% ACE has been dead for some time. can't really improve upon it
but nitroz is also a jerkoff
ok bye nice to meet you im your biggest fan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
or Warpless (there's nother time that's nowhere near record but it was a year ago)
Tell us a story about ad revenue, please?
here's a story about ad rev
wait no that's not a thing anymore
I'm subbed, so I am immune.
he can send ads to subs
I can also disable something lol.
i just pay for turbo instead
when an ad plays and someone with turbo is in the chat
Oh ice, I was watching you play Celeste last night and now I really need to play through that game again PrideLaugh
it treats them as they watch the ad
Its a super good game PrideUwu
now to monetize my core and farewell playthrough Kappa
Interesting, so it doesn't punish Phantom if I do turbo. That's good to know in the future.
my chat wants me to struggle, they gotta PAY
and again game said no cheating KEKWait
Dang, I should have that attitude. I struggle for free LOL
5 more subs and you won't be struggling for free.
"in 99k more subs, i'll get my silver plaque"
Maybe go for 2K or something.
100k subs you have to play all trails games back to back
i really should focus on my youtube channel
It'll be a game changer for sure.
i have a fire 106 subs
I mean it will be anyways. Making money versus not making money is usually a game changer.
Dang, I need to focus on yt stuff. All I have is speedruns and me laughing at a dog LOL
i should upload my entire celeste playthrough
more effort than 99% of streamers tho
Someone had to laugh at that dog.
I have a single video over 100 views and its just some terrible Kirbys Pinball Land speedrun
I hate that game now ever since I tried speedrunning it
Sounds like the rando devs fixed quite a bit of issues judging from this speedrun.
I needa check those changes then. Its been like over a month since Ive done one of these
Who was the one who did that in your chat.
Icebound was who I was thinking of. blue and bound.
Oh, Ill need to check this out. After like my last league seed, I was so burnt out
So I havent really touched this game PrideLaugh
1 power star hunt. Got it shasPlot
"I found a bug, after hitting around level 6 the enemies stopped spawning star points" OMEGALUL
phantom im probably gonna be doing something dumb this month :)
There was a really good Tervbonk comment. Wish you were here for that, you would've pinned it.
Unite on Super Mario 3D World.
i need to get back to master
i am gonna have to get used to the map controls in EO lol
i got one of my 3dw boys back into the game cause solo q sucks and now they are on a team within 2 weeks
so you use joysticks to navigate the map and dpad to move around the labyrinth
ZL/ZR to use the selected drawing too
glaceon still strong? good to know
i haven't played since zacian came out
they buffed spear and basically doubled its damage for NO reason
tencent be like, ayo gengar is strong day 1? lets buff hex
Current order is Leafeon and Inteleon
can you just get the Tubba Key already
i should upload my celeste playthrough in PARTS
that's the way to do it right?
break it up into youtube shorts :tf:
I'm curious to see if the Crosscode playthrough will end up on the You Tub
do a monthly dump day where you upload like 15 randos
Sounds like he could only do a big dump once.
I thought you skipped the pit too?
The one you fall into I meant. Oops
gonna be seeing a whole lot of the glitz pit
i'm already following you with both my accounts
We've been trying hard to whore for you.
I wonder if I can sub with my old let's play account back when I thought that was a good idea.
when you hit exactly 1k, us subs will have a lot of leverage suddenly
I subbed an old account so you are 1 sub away now.
if it doesnt happen naturally by bowser i have my alt ready
So it's pretty much a certainty now. So I'm curious to see how Book of Mario is getting scheduled in this.
We really forced YouTube on this.
so no book of mario until you get the email FeelsBadMan
You should do Book of Mario before Crosscode.
now we just need 1000 followers for ttyd
Does he get anything for the 1000 followers?
Did you do Bombtte checks in Fortress/Ruins?
Did you do all the blocks in TTT? Including past Dark Koopas?
Was ch7 bridge visible to begin with?
Imagjne breaking logic only to be in the hunt for a key Kappa
I suggested it so I shall bet.
i voted for no just so we have a gamba
damn winning big here plus 135 points OMEGALULiguess
time to go back to 1 in the fortress Kappa
start from jr's playground and check everything
picked up strawberries and cream dr pepper
damn didn't i say a coin block in desert
did my alt not count monkaW
Bye Bot, we won't exactly miss you. But maybe we will.
I saw M4's run live. This SGDQ was so stacked.
oh good i can still map when i get into a battle
i need to go back and watch shas's klonoa run still
Unfortunately most of the runs I wanted to watch were in the middle of the night, might go back and watch VODs though
jay and amber's Four Swords run was great
makes me want LttP GBA on NSO more
Sonic Frontiers was great, PM64 was great, Kaizo Monkey Ball was awesome, Prime 1 Remastered looked awesome, Majora's Mask Rando was good too.
i seen myth run and the mario maker 2 race gonna watch m4 run this week
I see 1K on your channel sooooo
Is there a chance the YT API is rounding weird?
I could always unsub to make it more accurate Kappa
I think they made the API round to the same number the public count does
then i'd have to resub... and thats effort...
It just says 1K for mobile You Tub.
If you buy a stock in Alphabet, you'd be an investor.
I don't remember why, but I want to say I remember that being a change that was made that upset and confused people
Still, it's good you can now make money from your work.
Yeah, Spike Shield and Slow Go are great Kappa
Will they pay you retroactively for all the views?
I just checked and yes, the API will only show the rounded count. The only way to see the actual count is the creator dashboard. YEP
I see no way that could go wrong YEP
Oh apparently the rounding is just 3 significant figures
So in theory it'll update once you get to 1010
Wdym that was clearly a 1-cap YEP
You know you'll get claw turn one, right?
It will be worth the 10 K points.
meme run? are you doing mail man?
I redeemed it because I wanted to know what the hell it was.
On Twitter or YouTube live stream?
700 hours of rando and you still 1 Capped bowser twice.
I didnt start until last Sept, finding everdrive was hard
Just realized I may have misunderstood the question lol
Still, approximately 29 days of rando playtime
I certainly made some chaos here.
youre doing really good for a single joy con Kappa
I think I have a pretty good idea what this category is...
how do you feel about the movement in this game?
Interesting that toad is the optimal character.
i did the one thing you should never do in etrian odyssey
How many stars do you need in this category? You do need some, right?
This looks like a dictator's military parade.
Saving time on an autoscroller, funny how that works
the one song i remember from 3d land
in discord you said possible news, did you share that already?
well, we added to that in this stream as well.
Are you trelling us no stars,  or yourself?
ouu when is Book of Mario starting o-o
My 14 year old has been wanting to see. Are any of the changes not kid friendly?
It's worth waiting longer for Crosscode to get Book of Mario sooner.
i should learn a speedrun for that game
You're getting close there too. The 7 hour one?
Oh I heard a bit about that lol
I'm all full, clean, and cleaned up ohheyi30UwU
where was the last tubba key?
Worth it, thanks for doing this.
it's such a good game. My fianc and I were close to 100% it, but still haven't gotten the last bits PrideLaugh
we're trying to beat the game with everyone on every level too LOL
maddy was confused where they parked cause there were only two cars. both the same model
It didn't work for me. Us it linked?
I went to about. Got it
you might get 1 that's ass
raven i have to work in the morning this is rude
i was going to say down
i'm going to sleep so gn raven hope the seed is fun
I thought he'd be in here
Thats why I pit it 2nd
what is wrong with toad legs
Oh sorry I was afk @buff00n
of all the Dream Match games, 02 UM goes crazy-crazy
I'm still waiting on a Steam port of XIII
Fightcade doesn't have the Battle Coliseum characters tho (EX Kyo, Geese, Mr. Big, Robert, Mai and Hotaru)
i might get off and go to bed soon think i ate too much cake
oh its was my mom friend made it
Light arrows from a fairy? This ALttP?
WHY'D THE PIG GO FLYING LIKE THAT?????
I just talked about Sonic Superstars for an hour with buff00n
At least I don't murder toad you sicko
Yeah, that's what I would say if I were to hide a body
Ate too much food and kinda regurt
will never say no to picking up money off the ground unless it's cents
skyitl: why not play the new Zelda?
I'm gonna go to bed now, good luck with the run. runera3Love
i had to show the peeps this toad skin
bruh he fr just fell, arms flailing and all
old zeldas made me an inverted controls gamer
starfox 64 did that to me lol
people think i'm crazy when i play with inverted cam controls lmao
he's here for a good time
oh damn, i'm sorry to hear that happened
it has a 60 second cooldown
Yo Phantom, welcome back and gl!
and GG on the youtube! That's awesome
you doing 100% for book of Mario right?
Ah yes the derust putting on the old elbow grease and lube making sure things go smooth Kappa
The most overlooked feature of this game. Just press R and roll everywhere unlimitedly
my headset at work died today
did you give it a proper burial Mirby?
so i have to use the built-in speaker on the dinky computer they sent to me to hear chats.
good thing i don't make calls
it's been slowly dying for like 2 months now but last night and today it just finally fucking died lol
when a friendly chime turns into a bass drumbeat, that's when you know shits fucked up with the headset :P
imagine how i felt when i wasn't expecting it and it happened for the first time
was like WHAT THE OH GOD WHAT GAH WHATS HAPPENING WHAT IS THAT WHAT
this looks like a clean deep wood so far
just got back from eating what did i miss?
also i just got 200k points
maybe 30k for a rando soon
it's like wall chicken but crunchy
huh there a boss key in this dungeon too? Kappa
woo for getting outta work at fuckin rush hour
Is this your first play through of the game , am currently on mine on the switch
Nothing like being a speedrunner and then being asked if that run was your first playthrough.
Townsfolk kept getting in the way too.
do you use jchat for your chat overlay?
yes we got the swag back
hot darn do i love this bgm
i love what they did with ToTks
they're really fun to fight lol
but they will also heckin' murder you
i was crappin bricks when i saw it 2 of my fave streamers reacted so mellow 2 others were nervous.
Oh yea what did chat think of the most recent Transformers movie?
my parents ask me if i wanted to go see it this weekend i said fuck no
i just don't like movies anymore
i've been watching the tp gdq run when i can, i think i might try that game at some point
that gdq run was absolute perfection from commentary to tricks and gameplay. i loved all the donations as well.
i'll have to mess around with it but i'm not looking to drop 100 bucks on a copy rn
as long as the practice tools don't suck i'll consider most runs tbh
Yay Minish cap! Thx for stream good luck
is that rope also advancing RNG?
ah, so that's why it has to be precise
that's a Zelda enemy I haven't seen awhile: Ropes
peahats too now that I think about it
this reminds me of my struggle to get Hammeryump in LttP
this song is so good i never heard it before
Yoo Phantom! Congrats on YT partner!! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Hype
Hello and congrats on the partner
doing what if you don't mind sharing
Played Smash 4. This game BLOWS
ngl, sounds like my kinda shift
i wish emu tracker will save when i turn my pc off but its just wipe everything
i have to re track everything if i don't finish a seed in 1 day  i hate it
wait its does my combo rando seeds takes forever to beat i have like everything on
plus now some additional youtube money on the side FeelsOkayMan
there a banned flag in those setting
thought it was only no villnia bowser castle give me a moment
phantom should i refund kamenr1derFAIZ points so they can do it agian?
triple check it should be good this time
i checked those setting are good
How I make it say shit
My wwrando seed the other day I paid 20 for 100
I came back home and I was greeted with Burger King
@Pallos7 Yo thas what I'm eating
Coupons go crazy I got so much fucking food for 10 bucks
It's not great food but it's cheap food
Ill eat it but Im not happy abt it
I was I kid when I witnessed it lol
Also I saw spiderverse and holy shit
I only know about it because I watched early alpharad
i had 1 of the other burger king game as a kid
Sneak King randomizer would go hard
All my irl friends were saying the movie was ass
@Pallos7 You graduated, get new friends already
sneak king is cheap af 15 can
Ill get new friends when college starts
I cant wait to wake up tomorrow and not go to school
You'll love waking up for work
At least for work im being paid
what did u get i looked away
did u turn in dog food
anyway to farm money in this game
maybe check a foolish dungeon for money?
That's the first time I've ever seen that prompt come up
How did the job interview go?
People use that end of my store constantly
Cause it's easier to park over there
Oh, youre that guy. I get it.
I never use you. I usually pay Credit Card so I can get the points.
You should read old game guides at work.
the bot doesn't say emotes NotLikeThis
When are you speedrunning WWHD? phanto274Smile
I thought you already get enough money in this game?
Name a worse Zelda enemy than Scissor Beetles
i check online and there a way to farm money idk if it work in rando
My timeline has so much yakuza man ass on it
Also lol p3 remake is literally only base p3 and not a combo of the versions lol
What's even the point of not adding the extra content
i seen that kind of lame
The stupidest thing is like they're apparently ADDING shit too
It's not only base p3 they're doing unique shit to said remake
Atlus has been making p5 for so long they forgot how to make good games
2025 we getting p3 remake fes
Atlus did announce a new game today that looks cool
Are you doing Crosscode on PC or Switch?
Trails you'll have to play on pc if you want them for free
you know it will be for ps5 atlus announce p4 gold and p3 on xbox and pc then switch and ps4 later but it was release on the same day
p3 remake announce is only for xbox and pc but leaks saying switch ps4 and 5
I've always preferred having it on pc if it has no issues on the port just because it's easier than plugging in other shit
i finished a couple but i don't like playing on pc at all only pc and xbox only stuff
I really like my modern gaming pc but I always had a console before that I like consoles better too cause their simple
like trails in the sky fc sc and 3rd i had no choice but i had to play 1 of my fav game series to the fullest
the lag on pj64 is un real
Trails PC ports are better than the ps4 versions
They have the speedup and shit
im gonna force you, you gotta play this damn series lol
Oh did they put it on ps4 too
I thought some didn't get it
yes the jp ps4 version had speed up
the og pc version did not
did you finally get into zero?@RavenFP
Played a few hours but been limiting myself cause I have to practice kof
Wanna win this regional coming up
you still have another game after to play before reverie
Itll be interesting when he does Crosscode for PC then because he is fine with that.
The power of steam sales lol
depending on how cheap crosscode is on steam sale i might pick it up also
I bought for $20 so if its on sale, itll be for less.
I think I made that decision easier for you with the bits donation, hahaha.
my problem is trails into reverie come out july 7 and that full price
I mean, Id wait for the sale if I were you. I was expecting to see you play it in July originally.
Dont know where we are at with that with the Book of Mario
Crosscode is a bit longer than book of mario, I would guess.
TLC said a scrub is someone whos, always talking bout what he wants, but just sits on his broke ass.
PhantomGamesBot is referring to the Day of Calamity
They say that Revali still has no clue
Does cane help w/ combat at all?
At least it is not a trap
Of all the key items to get, these are definitely some of them YEP
OMG rando of this GL! shame im late
Electric particles still broken on 1.0 :/
im laughing at these chests so much
so how u gonna hit the switch to get to him? or r u gonna cheat
dont worry cheat all u want even the adge are hiding it
is golden enemies in logic with no sword?
Last call for gamba, odds are stacked!
Nvm took too long to type
Its the first time in history of histories I went all in.
I put in on sword to help things along
im crying and nervous marcoCry_HF minimi6Cry FallCry marcoCry waterp7Shy pripcyShy
12 hearts and no sword KEKW
Sword has higher odds of being dropped, but Phantom has alternative luck.
Does the Boomerang not do damage by itself?
@mariomantaw I think the question is whether arrows do damage to it.
No way plz clip that moment
I think they said need sword bro.
inf money  go to South Hyrule Field and stand in front of the door to Link's house.  Step 3: Dig directly to the left of the door and a red rupee will pop out. Collect it.  Step 4: Enter and exit Link's house.
there was a gamba and i miss it Madge
You must have barely missed it, sry
KEKW them snakes wanna piece of ya
I thought lantern was out of logic
I recall it being in a cave.
I think you fought something to get it, but I am very uncertain of that.
i don't remember where it was been playing diablo 4 and watching so i miss a couple things
I was making a pizza and playing with the cat, so I wasnt exactly paying attention either
Remember chat, Phantom loves Pape seeds with randomized bushes and trees.
and also blue key seeds Kappa
Oh I looked. I dont think was there. I voted for blue key seeds.
You sure, this isnt a pape seed.
is this the most hearts u beat a rando on?
Are boots still required at this point?
12 hearts before 1 sword is something else though
I wonder what is in the fountain cave.
Goomba King IS great for gameplay.
Nah, thats great. You cant cheat. Cheaters never win.
There was a chest you passed by
One where you have to push a block out of the way to get to the chest
It may be slow but it's slower to go back for it YEP
There was another chest but it may not be anything
Not sure if you went back for it but the chest I think I saw you skip was one of the ones that normally has a small key
this twin fishy is so cool
Do we have to imagine? I just saw it happen.
whats your opinion on open prologue?
My opinion is that whatever makes Phantom have to interact with Goombas can only be a good thing.
Grab all upgrades and launch yourself at this specific cliffside w/ full HP 5 times
monado said his ass is bigger than the large horse's
he just mounted the large horse and said his ass was bigger
The more I revisit Smash 4, the more I don't trust people who say we should go back to 4
Proc's the exception. He makes good cookies.
how do you approach in a game where dashing / running is Godawful
Proc bakes. He can do whatever the fuck he wants.
Or hoard Limit until you're ready to kill your opponent.
Dancing Blade isn't a move in 4. It's there as a joke.
But jab makes up for it.
marth just outright kills off a single jab, he didn't need anything else
@Phantom5800 "Marth kills" I miss when Marth did that.
I don't, fuck marth in every conceivable way
I am manifest MegaMan X or Legends Collection for Capcom's showcase
if I get one of those, but it's gacha, I'm crying myself to sleep
I like Sonic and Malort. I like bad things.
people will play legends, realize the game has aged like milk and stop caring
is this supposed to be vanilla?
Grandma gave you something to crack skulls with
funny how Atlus killed all the excitement for P3 remake by being Atlus
"We're adding new content, but not any of the content you wanted."
literally going to wait 2 more years for the remake remake that is P3RFESP2P
people want the female protag because she is just better, but they want the FES content because it's the full game. But they also want to be able to control party members because it's dumb as fuck that it wasn't a thing
can you zoom the camera in more so it's inside toad's asshole?
cpu Mitsuru spams Mind Charge for the umpteenth plus time instead of killing the enemy
I posted my 1:20:12 sword time in the rando discord and said "cool plando"
P3's FeMC and Star Rail's MC are in seperate universes cuz together they'd be unstoppable
I added it to my channel
I'm scrolling through most popular on ffz
it's fat and in your face
Do you prefer "Virgin", "69" or "Virgin69"?
Doesnt matter but when I get affiliated i am hoping to prefix it to Virgin
Ohh see im a 3 month subscriber because i like the heck07 emote
And it is easier to say hi without looking like a bot account
I mean i have 3 streams too so i have more than a few ways haggYep
ice sent me the youtube analytics for a short he uploaded. 4% of people that found it in search were looking for hentai on youtube
The big legged toad is crazy
YouTube shorts looks like half of em are porn based shorts
This is how far i made it in my casual play through
@Phantom5800 That's strike 2. 3rd strike, I'm cracking open a bottle of Soju
Did you grab Sam Sho cuz of the sale?
I have to move my car first
this island isn't an ass it's a penis
I had to look up the character for that one
yo the toad is green today
i need to figure that shit out lmao
yeah i have to flick shot everything with how my controller is
might just try another controller tbh
just saw "30 fps" is trending with Todd Howard lol
the xbox series x exclusive is 30fps only
this is too much effort to crop
toad is getting ready to go down
that's the dog in me, munching on a banana
oilbody magnum and double damage vine whip runera3Notes
I almost liked something from the bot account instead of my private
lil' chunks of nacho cheese to assemble a whole dorito(s)
Possibly. I know you havent played in a while. But thanks, ngl the only problem i had was boolahan
Nah aurawolf killed me last monthly lmao
Definitely a lot closer than usual though
Like all games were last stock at least
Totk gives a smash buff i swear
I love the dog darknut thingies
"Bras" Bot, tell me more about these bras.
Getting into model kits has been a massive mistake
This is the 9th circle of hell
Why ganon got beef with 12 year olds
You can change the whole meaning of a sentence by adding one word
I forgot how slow this is
Yeah, energy dance all over those Goombas
I don't know if I've ever tried, can the tree be tattled?
MARIO SHOULD SHOOT UP WITH BACK UP CREAM
There will be a lot of What moments for sure this playthrough
what do you call a lactose intolerant a-gendered identifying person?
"OF" this is a child's series, Browser
so what's the story behind this translation
that first Toad's got some issues.
this is when I stopped, ready to see new stuff now
did it take the JP text and Google Translate a bunch, or did it start from the English?
because this reads like it was JP
mario a turd is following you
sounds like an unreliable narrator there
The diary should be good after he gets the Super Boots.
that went from Book of Mario to randomized text real quick
some of these words are really hard to pronounce
"Sometimes it's hard to know yet sometimes it's worth it if you care" that's a hard truth
nobody in this game is smart
did you check th back of the new paper?
Ah yes! Our favorite Dark Lord speaking to you is a rare sight indeed mister206Gombidious
I HAVE TO MAKE A PHONE CALL PHANTOM PLEASE GET OFFLINE
select GET OFFLINE when you end stream LUL
... how fast is a mushroom camera even
Goombario should be included as an enemy in rando
the plot of this game is different
I'd also have fallen asleep listening to this literal nonsense.
can tattle koopa for first key lol
AINTNOWAY that just said Great Jar
"Offend me, B!" what'd I do!?
I cant wait to see all 64 quizmo questions
Oh yeah, I forgot you were doing this today. PogChamp
such power behind the simplicity of those item descriptions
Well they didn't bother changing that line
Captain you missed the magical penis line KEKW
YO THIS IS SPONSORED BY SHELL OIL?
"Here, boring ass" This is something Raven would say
Did Mario just get a job?
wow Power Force just got buffed
every single enemy on the planet, hit with one move
Sometimes I wonder how the translator came up with these
No, you should store some Leave Koopss
I just woke up from a nap and wondered if I was fever dreaming
You know these keys ain't secure if we're picking them up
How does that translate from Smash Carge?
Wow, that description was actually kind of tame
They all had different names. Red was I'm Tired
What did I just walk into? LUL
Plenty of "Presented without Context" warnings here
Oh what is this gonna say?
just got back what did i miss?
Are we fighting Microsoft Edge in this adventure
Well I don't think we're equipping that
we need a rando for book of mario
is there a command or are you or chat able to explain it to me?
basically, all of the text in the game has been run through Google Translate back and forth between some language many many times
I don't know how many or what language
Hes acknowledging his feelings towards Goombas.
I'm not sure if the text is better, or if Phantom narrating it is better. This is something else.
What is Goverman saying for the surroundings?
that last set of lines seemed normal enough for a poet
So will Govermans description of cheato
best part of the game, after lantern ghost
strong attachment - is what, chat?
Just two hours of that please.
"understand the paper" is pretty great
is Cold Boy supposed to be Tanner?
No problem, just confirming. Curious about the other
today may set the bot's learning very backward...
@keo314 that or somehow send it 10 years into the future
nah. it's cheating. they're too logically named.
Goombarios name is now officially Goverman. We dont have to call him by name anymore LUL
What's the matter @Iceblue ? Don't you know about the heartrate when you get up, in Drying?
Spell thats how u spell it
Niece asked, "Whats zero divided by zero?" I told her, "Imagine you have zero cookies and you split them evenly among zero friends. How many cookies does each person get? See it doesnt make sense and cookie monster is sad that there are no cookies and you are sad that you have no friends." Cheer100
guess we can evolved a pokemon now
Bruh, you're like 3 years late on that one
....actually maybe 1 week if you were in the northeast last week
No you're not Goverman, we don't have Egg Missiles yet
Not reduce the damage you say?
That's a couple of bad problems
Cheer100 Be careful and tell himthe stick. You're greedy
Cheer69 your understanding has increased in the ways of the Goverman
Cheer31 Goverman bending time and space to his will to harness his power is frightening indeed
Easy enough, just snap it and put it on Twitter or something
I like that you can't incorrectly read the words out loud
The Book of Mario is truly the work of ChatGPT Kappa
You could say anything and I would believe it
I love that board in vanilla
Rock threesomes are just another way of saying power trio.
Also, it's Book of Mario, no need to censor it this time, LUL
Oh, this mod adds the Berserker badge
That's +2 attack but no control of mario, right?
Berserker badge is a true soul exchange for power Kappa
Meh, I can see Avoid Teacher over Dodge Master
so, is this Paper Mario? a hack?
That curse be pulling some weight tonight
spell for make get your message?
So is this collecting everything and talking to everyone?
Useful Curse +1 (I think we're at 5 now)
does Tubba get a different Tattle before the heart returns?
Gift for the preemptive Gossip, Number Spirit
"this fucking castle" Goombario ain't impressed with Tubba's pos castle
...I was hoping we could get away without equipping that
"Die! With a nuke!" - Bow, Book of Mario
It should be. There's a different box about Tubba being weaker
Guess they couldn't translate that either
finish 'em with the "bitch" slap
Something you wanna tell us Comcast?
Well at least guessing the items isn't too bad
Why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food (sorry, hewwo, my brain's fried its too warm already and my brain is entering summer fried mode)
Big soda is fine by me
Kamek downgraded to a Koopatrol I see
eyyy this star spirit knows how rando works!
I don't add the "5800" for YouTube, right?
It's a big thing. Cool. Anyway.
very excited for more. The kids were loving it last night
If you had stayed in the middle would it have let you continue?
Did you hear McDonalds released a Game Boy Color game in 2023?
Wait the FP badge is racist....
What does that say about me
you really needed to scream MORE!! to sell it
Mr Trooper shall bow to the God of God
time to God of God I guess
Is this the mod that's just translated 6 times or whatever?
Is this a romhack or what?
Wait are shame boys the shy guys? lol
Yo I can kara my mario
The grind never stops for yellow
Wow, you're an ass too Moustafs
You know, those first two lines actually seemed reasonable
Goombario has something to say about everything
How can you serve God of God and not know what hell is?
And this is why friends, we need not worry about AI taking over the world. They can't translate for shit
Mario achieves his success by winning, truly words to live by
I can't stop watching this, but oh my lord my braincells have left the building since last night
I doubled the first part on accident
how you're keeping a straight face through all this is beyond me lol
i mean, it speeds up the process
Are you sure your bounces started at 10 earlier?
Where did the extra damage come from?
there's some lore to this, like damn
Ugh, I wanna cook dinner but I can't look away
oh my god I'm hyperventilating from laughing
I dunno, still doesn't beat being ready for Goomba King's ass (I did go back and watch that KEKW )
and I may have went a bit crazy
and I may have found a way to find the loop points
and....I may have used this knowledge to make a 30 minutes extended version of the remastered version of the last desperate struggle
and I may have been listening to it all the time today as I was reversing the bug fables animations lol
it's like I didn't expect this would fall on my lap like this
well I won't because I just wanted the ost
and they give me all of it with the loop points
the loop point is just a sample number, you can plug it in audacity and repeat the thing
I FINALLY understand how the animation naming nomenclature works in bf
been bothering me for a well
fitting, you fight against the overreaching google chrome from taking over the mushroom web :)
i didn't eat during my first break thinking i'd be fiiiine til lunch
I was gonna say me when I see a cute person but then he said he was gonna steal someone
A little confused but shes got the spirit
Also, missed opportunity, should have bombed Watt free
This is just if the bot wrote paper mario
shameful team of the holy spirit
im sorry reject race is SENDING ME OMEGALUL
WHAT IS THAT TITLE SCREEN LMAOOOOOO
And no need for Goverman this time
TNS discord for kof is just spanish currently
Its the third leg thats the scariest
Put my wife in the cake
why did my pad send that
Wow, Peach really in Tinkas bitch this story
You should not have baked My Wife
I cannot believe I came out to Mario
That really is a place to look forward to
I can't believe Mario is a drug dealer now
We're too late. Russ T. already lost his IQ points
Louis just got the eviction notice
Goverman really is a hero in this story
children are afraid of sexual god
This is such a broken mess
Remember me when you become famous from solving diabetes
Danger Mario strats make me widepeepohappy
reference to classic NES puzzle game Dr. Call Mario
well heck i never knew that
Lava is the cure for diabetes?
Its like the writings of bad college poets.
Suing courts. Yeah have fun with that
They ARE the worst in the town of yoshi
For all intents and purposes, yes Purple Yoshi Kid
Already posted that in your discord dw
It ain't a difficult week when we're watching this
My current bracket for kof rn is mexico into the best mexican player but if I lose the first set I play mexico in losers
what did i just uh.... join to
HOW IS HE MAKING IT WORSE
@MythicFrog Oh friend, if you only knew
it just got worse and worse I love it
is this the poorly translated romhack?
Well if you say so Goverman
Oh wait until you upgrade her again
Did we mention Sushiya is excellent?
And in Super Paper Mario, he literally does
"burning in hell is dangerous" -Blue Yoshi
That's a top grade lift BITCH
Ok time to go lose 0-2 to mexico brb
Did we REALLY need to know he was "hard as beetles"???
This Piranha Plant needs to chill
Peach visibly confused by that house comment
Oh, what do your overall game stats say?
It even says Frog City in the enterance LUL
I took a game from a top mx player and then I got grappler downloaded
I love the random un-translated romaji text
He wouldn't even let Goverman get the kill.
This is Phantom's first playthrough of Book of Mario. Please DO NOT backseat or spoil anything regarding the game. Phantom likes to talk to himself, however if Phantom says the word TELLYTUBBY thats him asking for help. Please only help when he says that word.
Cheer100 #WeLoveGoverman our understanding of Goombario and the world has increased ellipses knowledge gained more happy we are
I forgot that the heart block in flower fields is a rando feature. FeelsBadMan
that is one amazing nut LUL
speaking in riddles sense we need not make. Such is Marios Pocket adventure? Amazing our understanding increases it is Kappa
Thats something I have never seen before. Whats the chance of that thunder rage dropping?
pog atlus confirm  Persona 5 Tactica and persona 3 remake will be on ps5
Oh I guess Zelda 1 NES has been ported to SNES (Not BS remake)
analgesic: (of a drug) acting to relieve pain.
Do you want me to send you the McDonalds game?
I can't wait for Twink to call Oeach a bitch again
pretty good how r u doing?
How many calories does mario burn in a day? Well, SMB has 56 mushrooms, 1 mushroom has 5 calories making a total of 280 available calories. SMB released september 13, 1985 and the next game with mushrooms was june 3, 1986 leaving an interval of 263 days for 1.1 calories per day. Conclusion: Mario starved to death in late 1985. Cheer100
@Axl_SR I won slots today Pog
@Komari_ i saw! when I opened stream it gave me the last 15 minutes of chatt history lol
you'd use charmander in FireRed? komari1D
HahaSweat  i thought axl stole my bit badge
also checking for NPC movement because that messes up RNG
starting off the battle with a nice kiss
It's a squid! It's an octopus! It's SUPERMAN
I never remembered to do this
Oh boy the murder mystery is probably gonna be nuts
Ah! I have been attacked by ads
close to the end? don't tell me i missed Gold Oink
This is why I need to get on my fucking computer now and then so I can actually sub
Did that just say hard mirror of the soul lol
he needs your body and your soul LMAO
i am strongly resisting calling you serendipity because i know you hate it
I forgot he drags you off the ice LUL
Its been so long since Ive seen anything casual of this game
strongest character in the mario universe
Why are we flushing and fuckin?
I dunno I just wanted to be involved
Actually sir nature valley is a granola bar
Where do these non-existing words come from? Lol
Like how do they even get to that point
i can't tell if he hates sand or loves it
slow go is "reduce speed" LMFAO
Whoever green lighted the moaning one deserves to go straight to jail
Its not even a good moan tho
wait why are we moaning i tabbed out
I could do so much better
Starry_Arie: you don't like railing yoshis?
Iceblue: Starry_Arie: you dont like railing yoshis?
Only I came- therefore it is a criminal act
The living room is a haunted place
what do you think of penguins, phantom?
that can only mean 1 thing
Imagine being a penguin but also being afraid of penguins
Ive about to leave right now
it's the PCJP all over again
Being involved in the stairs Flushed
Secret research on the second floor
Hey stay off my second floor
but it's incredibly cursed NSFW shit post drawing monadoFine
There's secret research of cat girls up there
I dont know why that one is so fucking funny to me lolololol
Poor laki is just reduced to ceramics
So you're going by "Parakarius" now plebian? Haha what's up spurcifer, it's Tannerius from Rome. Remember me? Me and the other legionaries used to give a hard time. Sorry you were just an easy target. I can see not much has changed. Remember Seira, the girl you had a crush on? Yeah, she's my concubine now. I make over 200 sesterces a year and drive a quadriga chariot. I guess some things never change huh? Nice catching up. Patheticus.
So youre going by Parakarius now plebian? Haha whats up spurcifer, its Tannerius from Rome. Remember me? Me and the other legionaries used to give a hard time. Sorry you were just an easy target. I can see not much has changed. Remember Seira, the girl you had a crush on? Yeah, shes my concubine now. I make over 200 sesterces a year and drive a quadriga chariot. I guess some things never change huh? Nice catching up. Patheticus.
i think she would do Mary
is Mary the mayor's second wife?
My pain is also painful lol
w-we're talking about the present right
pov you almost died and your bff hits you with the LOL!
HE HIT EM WITH THE LOL! BACK
This dialogue is like that race of aliens in Star Trek that speaks in metaphors.
this mod is so good lmao
doesnt it hurt your head after a while to read this?
Oh my god not this fucker haha
This dude just went through so many emotions
I'm already posting it on twitter
doesnt it just mean 'to beat up'?
I also say that when I beat people up
that turns into a whaka bump
It keeps giving me an error
Lol I love that its called gossip
what do you want me to do????
okay it let my alt clip it
I will save it for blackmail
yo ice you watch him too nice
You can always get them on the return trip at least.
yo a sad key seed oh wait
btw the new smt game that coming out been confirm for ps4 and 5
This is the ultimate Blue Key seed.
Whats a railing yoshi bc I like red blue and purple most.?.?
Railing Yoshis? What in the world did I miss? LUL
Vanilla with some chocolate swirls in it. Kappa
We went rated E to M very quickly. LUL
Having a hard time with this one?
I stream occasionally, hopefully less occasionally starting today
I now have a set time allotted to stream every week, I imagine having a consistent schedule should help toward my goal of getting affiliate :)
Thats different from partner. Whats that take?
I have reached 50 followers through the long game of "stream random games occasionally" but my average viewer count and number of streams just aren't there atm
I would think you are completely overpowered for this.
What kind of questions are these?
I didnt know this fight happens when you get the questions wrong.
nice my lights and internet just turn off but my pc and ps5 didn't
I made it in time for the final understanding increase phanto274Smile
Toad trying to be a master of seduction LUL
Goombario getting real tired of this
I always knew Goombario was the true mastermind behind everything LUL
That last gossip entry confirmed that all the mister206Gombidious lore is true Kappa
got it SOS means special organized space LUL
Cheer100 Sadge this amazing game is almost over
We got a first name for King Browser.
Mario was Rodin the whole time
Peach was Mario the whole time
whats good fam how we doin
It seems you dont like railing Yoshis like the pin says
I think I will draw a tribute to this rom hack
Less time to stream, more time to meme Kappa
I forget how long these crefits are
Toads can light up their heads?
When the Minish is capping: runera3Leave
i mean i'm derusted on ff1
i don't need to stream it daily
i've pb'd twice in the last 4 days
there's a lot to learn about seasons
cause the route is very rng manip dependant
oh i'm not streaming learning anything
if you got questions lemme know
there's a few exploits that are allowed
GL from me and Myth <3
gooood pb'd with those new settings
"...to feel something" is an ominous addition to the title. You high?
One of the other Zelda games?
Okay, well, if I stayed for a Pokepark run, I guess I'll stay for anything.
Do you need to show us on the doll?
I was watching a bunch of videos about late night television this week. Everything from Carson to the two late night wars with Leno and Conan/Letterman as well as the current state of late night shows and how they are dying.
Seems streaming and podcasts are making them less relevant.
Which makes sense considering that the hosts are weaker and that the television medium is not able to compete with the immediacy of YouTube and this format.
I cut the cable 5 years ago and never looked back.
When weighing whether I wanted to waste $100 on channels I don't care about or just have Hulu, I think just having Hulu makes sense.
i am the same way just twitch and youtube
Twitch, Youtube, Hulu, and I have a subscription to a digital news source that is local.
What do you want to feel?
Hope Twitch is treating u better than me
I mean, it could be worse... You could be going through that trouble to use Java instead of a good language :)
IDK off the top of my head, I don't think it let me merge my own w/o a review but I don't remember
Oh is there one pending? I can take a look quickly
Apparently someone did another PR 3 minutes ago
Hey hope yall have fun with the minish cap. Its a very underrated Zelda title imp
I got ads, imma leave sry bro
Okay it does let me merge after a review
Is this 'something' in your title you're feeling a positive thing
My youtube home page is literally just the movies tab and shorts wtf
I told youtube to stop showing me them and now my home page is empty
Now that I have a consistent stream schedule I might try learning some new speed games
Yeah, I've done a fair bit of SMO, my current plan is to pick a Mario game off the shelf and try to speedrun it lol
It is, there are also some non-platformers that are on my radar
Mario Super Sluggers has a short enough speedrun to be reasonable
I was learning the run for The Curse of Monkey Island
Now here's a question, is there a way you normally test tracker changes or do you just look at the code and say, "yep, looks good"
Now for the easy part of the game.
So the tracker PR was for dungeon tracking, it works but has a couple small issues
Yeah, I put in a review. I think what's here is fine but it adds another row
It got me to realize an existing issue which you may or may not be aware of: switching between compact and non-compact tracker is quite slow
Is there a reason the compact tracker can't be on the same page (basically mirrored) and just toggle the 2 blocks?
I think duplicate IDs technically work (and might already be used in this system?) but yeah, definitely bad practice at the least
IIRC in JQuery # gets the first and [id=] gets all
I believe there were a couple instances I had to change to the latter to get it to work
Fine by me, who's gonna do that though? :)
Eh, I might be able to, just need to set aside a time for it
sounds like marioman volunteer to do it Kappa
Though if I were to, it would be just fixing compact tracker and duplicate ID issues
And yeah, I feel you there, maintenance is hard
IMO it's not really the end of the world to say this or that doesn't work with the map tracker but I understand why you may be frustrated with constant requests
FootGoal SeemsGood smaugyLETSGO_HF smaugyLETSGO marcoMode marcoMode_HF
It's largely my own fault for making a feature when I had nothing better to do and then not maintaining it
Got here just in time for the end phanto274BLANKIES
I remember this nostalgic game being quite difficult because I did not know how to beat the final form of the last boss!
looks like im derusted as well
Im almost at 30k for a redemption
Well, I meant to pick a game with that redemption hahaha
I was thinking either paper mario glitchless or making him redeem himself for last night.
Can I redo the redemption or does it not matter?
Let me guess, start with WeLoveGoombario ?
i just had some taco bell before the stream
What do they make you do now, random starting location?
idk, maybe random starting location is borked
my phone / notifications don't tell me SQUAT
Super Mario 3D World Any %
I was thinking of Pape, but I noticed you reset the Kart % redemption so I picked something less costly if you reset. My logic this time.
Shit happens. Might as well kill less of your time over it. Plus I havent seen that run before anyways.
I'm surprised no one's removed that bird for rando. There's no point to fighting it, right?
Dont need to tell me twice. I was on comms for that.
Have fun clearing Volcano without a flyer Kappa
I have you playing through bluetooth so youll have to narrate everything that is happening.
Well you werent wrong. Star Pieces are big
huh. that live action netflix one piece is dropping sooner than i expected lol
well oda is very actively involved with it so that's better than other live action adaptations lol
they don't exactly have a good track record
i just still wasn't expecting it yet and it drops in 2 months lol
like "huh get to find out how awful it is soon"
maybe i'll be pleasantly surprised! who knows? but i won't be waiting long lmao
nah toy box is gonna be in chapter 7
Makes sense, someone built a toy volcano for Science Class
ngl i forgot what i voted for
literally any prounciation is fine raysY
a brief list of names i am called: me-yay, my-yer, mee-yay-ree, me-yay-ree-tah-ree, tah-ree
feel free to select one or make your own raysY
my name is the "select your soda" drink machine at the movies
okay then diet vanilla root beer
thanks god i have a easy name lol
if you can believe this is actually easier than my previous name
Ive had people call me Asshole instead of Axl KEKW
How's the seed going so far?
twitch wont let me cheer FeelsBadMan
anyways what I was gonna say was...
That might be an AWS problem. It had a colossal failure last night
Cheer100 this is a test for axl oh shit my bits are gone
maybe twitch just doesnt want me to talk about game spoilers
"I feel like this seed is like weirdly good."
you did not get goombario tho... the most important partner
the artifact! now find the other 11 and you can go fight metroid prime
someone threw it in the water
that will be cool but i cant play a Metroid rando
i didn't know trees could write songs too!
hope the pape's cookin a well
Can you deliver Artifact in ch5?
Don't feel like skipping stones today? Kappa
Yeah, you're getting a refund :)
So does HS still take you to Toad Town?
I thought that would be an interesting change of pace though
What's better than a Blue Key? A La-ki!
Hey Phantom phanto274BLANKIES good luck on your seed phanto274Hype
Yay! I voted so glad to see it in action phanto274Mash
I lurk in discord alot, sometimes too nervous to talk there
sorry brain was in lurk mode 
hope all is well pixels64Love tldr: helped someone with a couple of others to figure out a PC issue they got into
sorting out a bad ram stick is always fun if ya got 4 of them
I heard Pallos's name as I stirred from a nap. Had to fight the reflex to time him out.
good that lurkers are a thing - I still cant see a good viable way for that new "partner plus with ice cream program" to not only affect like the top percentage of peeps
I just dont get some of the more recent things twitch announced they wanna do is all my brain sits at yee PrideLaugh
ahh so this is basically "normal rando except with dungeon ER and random starting locale" :D
I didnt watch toooo too much pape overall, but I think then Season 0 woulda been "just" shuffle base pool or whatever it would be called and go or something like that
and I assume this might have some extras in the sense that say boots could be anywhere or something? but aside of that its pretty much that
i just realized i'm locked into visiting maddy's parents tomorrow because it happens to be father's day lmao
which ch7 was ice palace stuff, so whether you need the bucket scarf and such or nah right?
My cat somehow activated airphone mode through some menu by walking across my keyboard
how does he CONSISTENTLY do this kinda shit
Didn't matter unless you got 3- or 4-cappes
yea like.. those types of timesaver things feel very much like the sort of thing which unless you race anything a LOT, its like - cool
but ye like - those sorts of things are definitely cool things to know
true that - its like say in MM knowing when a transform makes sense for speed v when it doesnt
the room you're talkin about is the spiny room?
like - pape64 spins to me directly translate to good or bad rolls in say OoT or MM when goin forward as link
or say if you need some time to set up sidehops v "just doing sidehops" when you can as another one
i feel like i am being call out by you and jon KEKWait
and then in MM also a decently often seen thing (which isnt bad) of thinkin where which transformation when and why
@blacktiger51 pixels64Love no you're not, and if rando is fun you win the big game
like - yea speed nyoom is cool
but havin fun playin the videogame imo is also a decent factor in whether you wanna push for any speed nyoom in the first place :D
cus like - yea a speedrunner might not necessarily enjoy their favourite speedgame in the same ways they did before speedrunnin it for years if that makes sense or possibly dont like aspects of the game as much anymore as they did before
but I BET that there's some passion somewhere for staying with the game otherwise why would you do it in the first place (or still do it)
and ik I might sound heavy derp there
ahh yes the forest menace PrideLaugh
yo that sounds like when one checks OoT boulder of destiny that late after havin had bambs or hammer for forever PrideLaugh
at similar ish late I mean
wait... so stoopid brain be like... you had tubba somewhere else yet to complete this chapter, you need to get the key bring it here?
thats both cool and whacky PrideLaugh
so by matter of technicality that means that there's then a high chance for this direction of the game havin 2 star cards
the story states due to "clear chapter state" PrideLaugh
"why do I get more boots WHU" PrideLaugh
Take advantage of this bombette color
oh how did you like the book of mario thing for this by the by PrideLaugh
also as a really stoopid thought: I bet it wouldnt work to apply that to the rando on top of rando right
just askin cus I LOVE the shenanigans of playing say Hollow knight poorly translated but in rando form
and book of mario looks for base yea
or rather: "both look for the base"
green huff'npuff PrideLaugh thats somethin I havent seen often
takin a note out of them green ish clouds from ttyd
thanks for givin us more banger dogJAM
was that what I thought it is KEKW
I like the story of this seed in terms of which chapter is where too btw PrideLaugh
cus like - to get through this you needed to get through the door to flower fields which IN flower fields was the keys for this place's internals
which to get there you needed to go through the ghost valley which also had the tubba fight
which for THAT you needed to come from somewhere else
just a huge amount of "if this woulda been vanilla then the ways are quite hilarious"
since when can one run from that puzzle pixels64Eyes
cus I definitely didnt recall that being a thing PrideLaugh
you know? that tells how much I know about pape honestly PrideLaugh
like - I dont dislike the game or rando just didnt spend near as much time with it as with MM in rando form PrideLaugh
^ that - I dunno what it means but that PrideLaugh
it sounds silly bogus enough to me
I assume for logic, it woulda needed portrait still right?
cus you saw weight, blue key?
he did hold out a grand total of 4 turns or something PrideLaugh
I know at least one of them two was somethin you thought of faintly PrideLaugh
you know - pokerando nuzlockes are fun
until you find a regi somewhere and it wrecks you with self-destruct KEKW
Also just wanted to pop in and say hi, havent caught ya live in what feels like foreverrrr. Have fun!! :D
I mean even if the vid in question has "just" pausees in between as to where what happens that'd be helpful right
mainly askin cus finding resources with input display for say OoT or MM at times is not too nice dependingon which specific thing one searches for
What if Zelda was like Skyrim
wind waker music is so good
It's weird seeing you play a 16:9 game you're so small
I have only seen runs of the GBC version of this game
cant wait for the glitchless jump in level 4
Drucke? I take it one language is faster?
Walking away from it before picking it up was rng manipulation
Can we rename the discord to that
German words never sound real to me
They all sound like some american is making fun of their accent
You can buy bombs as long as you have enough rubies
My lost ass in the Zauberwald: dogsus
Ok Ok Phantom now u really got my attention.
You told tarin to stop being a furry
the only downgrade of this version
Removing Yoshi from the Super Mario RPG boxart I see
It feels more like an actual crane game, where sometimes it feels rigged against you.
@SeventyFourTG just don't eat fat yoshi
Is LADX faster than LANS? (Glitchless specifically)
im hungry for a burger now
I'm glad I'm not the only one that thought the boss looked like hamburgers lol
that funny cuz that what i am having for dinner
You sound very fluent in German
Psycho ate the food and the can it was in
Throw bowwow into the fucking volcano
Sir you walked by a key
i'm pretty sure is a key
it's not like i didn't route this game >:(
Sure let me just go into TGH's chat
there's a 50 buck chest at the beginning of the dungeon
The ghost that's farther away is the real one
I hated this boss as akid
Ugh al the flights for the week I wanna get up there all arrive past midnight
man i played smrpg last night
and now i wanna learn the speedrun
you were going the right way
you get it after the shop
I should play this with my kids
they love watching me play ToTK
link use thief it was super effective
i should teach you the glitches in this game
so he can invalidate his run by accident in the future
you can't accidentally do glitches in this game lmao
taking damage on the same frame as getting grabbed is possible
that's how hinox warp was found
oh, that's not the intended solution?
phantom have you seen the original clip of hinox warp?
that is how hinox warp was found
I still can't believe it is a $60 game
Yo Phantom! GL on the runs :)
SMRPG is also going to be $60...
i'd pay 160 dollars for smrpg remake
@MarioManTAW which is cheaper than it was on launch
I have some extra toasty cheez-its
The world is not ready for Elephant Bowser
@Iceblue Im good! just tired after work... how are you?
doing good, excited to see phantom hobble through this
I need that xseed arpg rougelike to come out faster
They said it's in the rune factory universe and I already wanted to play it now I have it
have you started learning seasons yet?
yeah me too, Love to see more runners in this game ;)
i'm leaving tomorrow to go to texas for a concert, then when i get back, i'm gonna be learning seasons
tgh said he'd teach us what he remembers
imagine remake of the oracle games guys
I've thought about learning Ages and Seasons but I'm too distracted lol
we're getting smrpg, i'm happier with that decision
We need Ages and Seasons remakes tbh
seasons is a good run, ages is a bit weird cause it's not even a full speedrun
its an hour long credits warp
In that case, I'd rather learn seasons
seasons gives you unicorn cave which is catJAM
yep, ages, you gotta get the 2nd song just to have the ability to do the credits warp lmao
so it's instantly a good speedrun
glhf, gotta go sign some stuff and get back to work
any speedrun of ages that skips jabu
is a good speedrun in my book
did you get the right egg pattern setup?
don't hold a direction when dashing into them
you can also hear it on links sleeping noises at the beginning of the run
if you got the right pattern I mean
i don't think the grunts are the same
otherwise just try all the 2000 different patterns Kappa
i can't believe you'd die on angler fish
slime eel is the worst boss
i'm just here so i can hear face shrine tbh
ruben i posted in the discord
for the first time in like a year in a half
you gave me the content to post
LuL love that picture!! good catch!
That apple will keep the doctor away
thats gonna be a meme for sure XD
guestimating the bonk counter to be at 6900 by the end of the run Kappa
i think ice is right on this
Phantom do you think iceblue has seen this char before
I wish we had this one on any%
I wish I could just pick up a woman and she'd follow me after
just tell them you need to wake up a walrus
Just say you got a cool mario smoking weed picture
Oh blacktiger I'm like 60% through trails from zero I think
@RavenFP hell yeah u liking it so far?
I really enjoy that the group is small after playing cs4 lol
i think the crossbell arc is my fav arc
That seems to be the most common opinion I've seen from trails ppl
It def has the most interesting premise so far
Lloyd is such a great mc and randy is probably my fav character in the crossbell game
it's not my sub alert at all
This lady should learn more notes tbh
he didn't go to the top of the waterfall first
to realize he needs to use the key
Is back seating allowed I wont do it
or are you tapping the dash button?
you need to slash down at the end also.. I think at least? I always do
so it works without the slash? interessting
PoP is gonna fuck with you
I also do 3 slashes for the setup, but yeah theres probably a number of them
looks like youre too early, what do you think ice?
it's been a while since i've done this trick
for 2 slash, i know it's definitely longer between each slash
it looks like he needs to dash and jump slightly later, but its been a while since I did this too
late on the dash jump there yeah
in practice everything is easy Kappa
free real estate for next run
Can't believe Nintendo would steal an original idea from Mr. Toby Fox
you fight master stalfos 4 times
in undertale pacifist, you fight papyrus 4 times
This game came out way before
links awakeening dx release date vs undertale
Have all the cold spaghetti in hell
You never know, what if Toby Fox when he was a wee lad came up with papyrus then Nintendo stole his idea
you know its his idea because nintendo didnt sue him
no PoP for slime eel enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat enviSweat
is it possible to slightly move up to try avoiding the block?
nah, he's not getting the angle right
if i had the game installed
I'd record a video real quick
Should I clip so you can look back?
This is where the difficulty spike rises
Like how barinade was in oot
Fun fact those blobs are now nite pikmin
This was a heartfelt difficult boss to kill
you are paying the deposit then
You got your purple that's what 20 bucks is worth
so is this boss quicker later because of hookshot or
God I forgot about this fight
Who the fuck just set off fireworks in my neighborhood
Spin attacks are so hard on him
looks like the normal way is to wait for him to toss his staff then go in for the spin attack
I find it hilarious still, that this game is quickest in text in german - how dafuq PrideLaugh
also hewwo been lurkin a bit, hope you're doin well aside of the nightmare being what it describes PrideLaugh
still odd - to my memory, german normally has the most drawn out sentences KEKW
ya for sure just didn't wanna stream it
rang works here too afaik doesnt it?
just arrows and boomerang but you don't get it in glitchless any%
i can see this shit boss is gettin to ya
and 3d world is right there
honestly understandable, this boss goes HAM for a 2D zelda boss PrideLaugh
like... he's a big ol' roughy
just definitely says that this is one of the earlier zelda games imo, where resources in the final fight were kinda rare to find within the boss arena
shoulda been, but like... I think the earliest one where they did it was OoT? and then from there only to some extent
whats the mask face thing from Minish Cap / Windwaker called?
coulda done something like that too with it just poppin out something - I assume they didnt because of the rang existing?
which then that is rough for any% I guess
basically phantom, for rang you'd have to do the entire thing of yoshi dall ribbon and such
and he at the same time prevents you from going into the egg / dungeons?
askin cus vanilla bleh brain me never tried skippin anything
I am kinda surprised though that arrows are not part of normal drops from like grass or something - since I assume there's none at D4? madcap4Think
the sword didnt come out quick enough PepeHands
I just checked, neither ryujinx nor yuzu support save states
Hey Phantom! Aww man just missed it, hope it went good! phanto274BLANKIES
Not sure if it's been asked yet but what did you think of the nintendo direct?
you know? a fully cartoon style (so painted like this) zelda would be poggin
true, for a mayo game you dont need language PrideLaugh
sadge though imo that you gotta set your switch lang for a game rather then it being built in to me
i was joking about 3d world
speedrunning? because, then, also, good luck!
false. you should see me speedrun. rustier.
I get maybe a night of runs in every 6 months?
and those enemies are brown shirts
wtf where you download this mario
I wish in all honesty I'd not have grown tired of the "2D mario formula" after playin 3D land - cus like, 2D mario's not bad
everyone was uncobsciously thinking that, so mario made a new 2D mario with undertale flowers and mario is an elephant
@needaname37 ngl, it doesnt hook me cus I cant not think of a kids cartoon's character with that KEKW
the bot thinks you can do this fast, apparently
I kinda like today - mainly cus we had storms and rain and wind instead of just heat and more heat CorgiDerp
don't disappoint your bot! you can do it!
sadge its already turning into a tomorrow where heat most likely will make a return
just got back what did i miss
you missed the bot believing in Phantom. a little too much.
we had like 30C ish give / take outside the last week, now we get like a 20C night or something cus of the rain / wind / mild storm right here
I assume the greg stars are needed for world unlocks otherwise why get'em?
its getting hot over here but its like 20c right now very nice
off the top of my head I just go toward "too warm" PrideLaugh
yea thats where I hopefully sleep in on KEKW
so do you need all 3 stars to beat each level?
confession: I've never watched this game before
sadly I almost bet that's not gonna be happening cus a) PC, and b) our house got some sick ass insulation in the roofing, with the attic heating up a whackton and it bleedin heat down into my room which mostly is closed off cus cats + pc = fur in pc with me being laaaazy and not wanting to de-dust my pc every like 3 months cus of that 
I mean if you know where you're headed and know the distance? phanto274Shrug
I mean... you KNOW where you want to go right KEKW
Who needs resets when you can simply make back the time?
Imagine playing auto scrollers as intended without wishing there wasn't auto scroll
Bowser killed a potential sub-3 rando
Why is it faster to play as Toad
This level do be looking like it should be part of the super mario rpg remake
dodge the stamp im fckn cracked
If you need game audio to play mario well you got some issues
you're not in silence when u have us 
You just need to get a cat suit before the annual Bowser Furry convention.
she tried to climb the pole
Always cool to see an autoscroller where you can bypass the autoscroll
I don't think I did, I know the final level does it too though
@MarioManTAW Trihex perfect fluttering across those yoshi's island stages still sticks with me almost a decade after seeing it on stream
One thing I noticed playing this on Switch for the first time after beating it on Wii U was that this level in particular was indirectly nerfed
I remember having a lot of trouble with it on Wii U but none at all on Switch and I think the only reason is the increased movement speed
2d mario, now 3d mario? crazy upgrade
we upgraded from link's awakening to mario 3 world
for 60,000 Phantokens I will force you to speedrun leveling a paladin in WoW Classic
(It is around 150 hours long)
damn i gotta spend 200k then
Hmm what if i make u run this again
how do i request mario kart wii time trials
Do you enjoy the sounds funky kong makes?
At least this version lets you keep the stars when you die phanto274Smile
There's gold in them splits YEEHAW
the ootxmm combo rando got Multiworld support today
the devs made a custom pj64 that can run Lua Scripts
well that was a rude customer i just had
answered their questions and they insisted i did not help them, they insisted the dealership overcharges and makes stuff up for that reason, and straight up told me they did not care what i had to say lmao
when i asked if there was anything else i could assist with as always (since obviously i couldn't help with their initial query) they went WELL YOU DIDN'T ASSIST ME AT ALL SO NO
and also the ootxmm devs remove the please donate pop up from pj64
oh i clipped part of it
yeah the best part. where he's ON THE BELT AND NOT MOVING
i watch TGH, i know how uncooperative that yoshi can be lmao
I'm guessing the devs pick pj64 cuz the code is easier to work with
I'm pretty use to how shit pj64 is so i don't mind that much
i just downloaded biz hawk yesterday have a oot mulitworld with some people plan tomorrow
i haven't played on it yet
so uh don't laugh at me
i literally just realized papahl was a pun on papa
I PLAYED THE ORIGINAL ON GB
You already failed golding every split
Sounds like a skill issue to me
Are you enjoying this run so far
Zelda has streamers playing in German, Italian, and Japanese. Hmmm. wait a minute.
Nice. Next week. I have the week after off as well. Should be fun.
ooh maddy brought home the new dew flavors lol
I didnt know Goombario was in this game LUL
Goombas, Goombario, they are all the same Kappa
Thought this was a more progressive channel, but I was wrong.
Nah it may just be a me thing Peth LUL
More progressive, unless youre a Goomba.
nah just if a Goomba calls himself Goombario Kappa
Cant wait for the diagonal hookshot trick.
drowning has never sounded so adorable
look at that face. no thoughts head empty. thus he'd float :P
Random Kirby enemy in a Zelda game.
you say that like this game doens't straight up have evil kirby
We got wingulls, we got a Marin what a great inspiring quote LUL
i never noticed how into running marin gets there lmao
Do I actually need to imagine that, or is there a clip I can watch instead.
That probably depends on who you are.
i just threw down $80 for the new digimon card game booster set lol
I am currently slightly madge PrideLaugh we got a good deal on salt roasted peanuts today, got a HUGE bag of'em
yo jon did you see that Multiworld is out for ootxmm?
but due to the bag havin been vacuum for the peanuts all the salt is at the bottom
@blacktiger51 yea I saw, probs gonna wait though - I already got so many setups for potential multiworld on my system that I dont want to do more of that sorta install 
@Jonxhas ahh make sense was gonna ask if u wanted to do 1 sometime since you know what u doing
@blacktiger51 I mean sure? but I assume rn its 1 sitting sorta deal
and in like 6 hours or so I am playin a MMR max shuffle with friends
umm i think u can start and stop then do it a day later
@blacktiger51 I think so? but at the same time 1 sitting sorta deal feels nicer to me if that makes sense
cus I mean, I know that nax had looked at archipelago
@Jonxhas ghun just told me you can stop and pick it back up like a day later
as said: to me single sitting just feels better ish if possible peepoComfy
we can take a look at it thats for sure just not now PrideLaugh
anti fairies and bubbles are fuuun 
They were just trying to play dodge ball with you
Just getting ready for work unfortunately
oh they got holes now its not "throw til same color" madcap4Think
WHY did that chest open on pot smash but not on A KEKW
WHAT magic is that whyyy KEKW
It's not the best unless it's "AAAAAAAAAA"
does one actually have to read all these? monkaSTEER
300 rupees for a song is a jip
Cojiro should only be worth 0
You call it magic powder, I call it crack.
Went on a walk, was nice.
I walked to the grocery store and back
I was close to going to the petco next to it to look at the birds but I had to leave
I wanna get my own eventually
doing pretty alright yeah, Just spent 2 hours trying to recupe from work lol
so unless D4 needs some for speed, enough for fthe wind egg madcap4Bongo
"soon you'll regret bein born" a more or less context translation of the 2nd textbox he had
That was just a little bit of time save from last run
good music as much as its not feelin like shuffled music
the one thing i hate seeing in a chat: "can't you answer my question"
obviously not maybe listen to where i'm directing you to lmao
dude asked if i could transfer them to the chat team
if they'd messaged in 20 minutes earlier yeah but now they gotta wait til monday lmao
nah not the specialized chat team they asked for
it's just funny that they missed it by THAT much
now they gotta wait all weekend
anyways they made me 12 minutes late to clocking out for lunch lmao
Just in time. He hasnt found Pallos Key yet.
Hmmm. I have the Bow Badge now. How long do I get to keep the good badge?
Can there be a setting to skip the warehouse key lolol
What did you think of the SMRPG remake? Are you gonna try it or avoid it since you seemed to dislike the original?
Yeah, the Geno action commands always confused me.
Trying to be progressive there and keep Goombario Ghost?
I know an eel bento box is like upwards of $40
so thats at least 3 coins
Are they unable to be chapter 4 5 or 2 bc you already have them
Oh no I mean can they notbe scaled to them
Moles makes more sense when you get less xp and theres fewer things to check
Thats it, do a glitchless run right now
i am full of tasty jambalaya :3
46 minutes in and you got your first level.
Reading the settings, no progress on star pieces? Is that right?
Why do you need that key?
Why did Mirby tell everyone that he is full of tasty jambalaya?
and my fiance made jambalaya for dinner so
Just a very random comment in the sea of comments, lol.
we're all just hanging out watchin' phantom. discussing what we're snackin' on ain't that odd lol
Im eating an Italian sandwich for example
it's a rice based dish with meats and veggies, usually spicy
That sounds good, I like rice based dishes.
I tend to get jambalaya and gumbo confused like the uncultured girl I am
You're telling me a shrimp fried this rice?
7 Scaled 7 as the first chapter.
The settings I ran yesterday had 3 chapters in logic, progressive scaling, and double XP
Hopefully that doesn't end up hurting phanto274Bless
BTW I ended at level 9 with those settings but missing most power badges
Half a level in one shot.
Couldn't figure out how to beat Final w/ the damage I had and no Life Shrooms...
My inventory going into final was a Whacka Bump and 2 repels
I had Ultra Boots + 1 vanilla Power Plus
I did, I ended up using mostly Power Jump though since it was 1 FP
I had Power Bounce and D-Down Jump but they were a bit expensive and weren't really better
What is the effect of D-Down jump?
Okay, so it's useful against Bowser, but not against a Shy Guy, am I correct?
kinda glad they left albino dinos out of launch version
Well, you get a level here.
Yo yo Phantom! Good luck on your seed phanto274BLANKIES how's your day been?
Tubba Key 3 or Miracle Water
Probably could have made it longer ig
I put 2,000 on Miracle water to make things interesting.
so redeem a all sanity got u
I actually don't need the points. I redeemed a few interesting things already. So I'm good. Curious to see when he does the Super Mario 3D World redemption.
Okay, I'm looking forward to watching the vod. Very bad run sounds very encouraging.
Is that going on YouTube or jus there?
Update: may not be able to finish the prediction but @blacktiger51 can do it
im going to be honest, i dont even know what i predicted, i just took the unvoted option :)
it can only get easier from here
You're Tubba Key, I'm Miracle Water.
7 scaled crystal king is "Fun"
Well, the other chapters are probably going to be the opposite, hahaha.
Things must be really dire if you want that.
i just got back what is marioman talking about?
Thought you would get 0 for that.
@blacktiger51 Don't worry, you'll at least participate in the payout.
what was the gomba for and is it over yet
Oh, it's over. NVM. Who won?
sorry was replying to a message but i paid it out
i never on mobile for your stream only on mobile if i am in bed
but i usually watch morp until like 3am on pc then go to bed so I'm never on mobile
i have now tried both new dew flavors
there's a passion fruit one and a guava one
Wow, Tubbs Fatts gave a lot of exp.
Baja Paradise Punch and Baja Caribbean Splash
i do not believe so unforunately
the ones maddy found were not
but they did have zero sugar baja blast for themselves
pop only taste good when it have sugar in it
according to the dew website, they do not
dr pepper is my fav pop
Pop / Soda kinda just sucks
@blacktiger51 I'd time you out if I could
we always get diet dr pepper
also mtn dew voltage is amazing
and dr pepper is good cause they consistently offer diet versions of their flavors
i don't think i've seen a variety that isn't also diet for dr pepper yet lol
Going to have to go back to chapter 7
I take it that this seed's been scuffed, huh
Burn the rest of your items on that fight.
"I ask you a VERY simple question..."
Would refreshing for a Bowser heal be worthwhile at all?
So what happens with the points at the end of the month?  I partially heard you before.
That was my plan too NODDERS
Oh this is a full seed this time
My seed required 2, 5 and 7... I had to fight Super Blooper at level 2...
that is not a place to keep ur super lube
I assume you still have open Forest?
If you didn't you missed a check
But I think Fice T should just have a cooked item with these settings?
Oh wait you have 1 more check
Why was he holding her hostage
someone tried to mail a bomb
Kind of a nice diversity we got in these two seeds. This one is making you do the chapters you didn't do before in the last seed. Also getting 7 scaled 7 again would be ideal.
I started chapter 3 and stopped lolol
I couldnt find the maffia piantas daughter
Do you remember where she is
Did you type the wrong command?
look bot i'll get back to FF16 soon
don't forget to dislike and unfollow and report
loving the story, gameplay is fun
stream all the ffxiv story content on phantom5800 twitch channel
the funny thing about that is if you type ffxvi to ffxiv it's still basically the same dev team lmao
"ah yes the one with a masayoshi soken soundtrack"
it is endlessly funny to me that every time they mention soken's past work they HAVE to mention mario hoops 3 on 3
It's also a prerequisite for Ultra Hammer
And gives a couple sewer checks
i feel like i hardly ever see ruins entered with pulse stone in randos
You me an more Tubba keys
It's impossible for a needed item to be locked behind two tubba keys
@phantom5800 Since Wario Ware Move It is releasing on November 3rd, its really conflicting to me, because how am I supposed to start and finish NNN if we got Sexy Wario on the way?
Time to do literally every check in 4 YEP
They're all in logic too :O
I wonder how many EXP anti guy gives.
can crystal berry/water stone not be a check or
How is Anti-guy not in logic?
any way of gettting lemon candy ingredients?
Isn't there some kind of trick you can do with the slingshot guy to get that block?
Here I am, hoping for a 7-scaled Chapter 7.
I had to finish making my people dinner. So do  you go to all the chapters for checks, but you don't have to complete all chapters?
I still haven't seen those (they haven't been posted in Discord >:( )
The only one I think I was like meh on was laki jump into ruins for logic purposes
Is it easier or harder to do ruins jump with Laki or Ultra boots?
Genuine question: is it faster to walk directly or HS to get from beating 4 to Rowf?
Ch 6 scaled 4 blocking boots.
My guess is that it is 5 scaled as well though.
Gamba for high scale vs. low scale?
BowHiYo or just bow says hiyo if you dont have that emote monadoWave
Good thing you have that repel gel shop.
Nice to see Kooper getting some usage.
I wonder if any of the dud chapter shops have good items like hooting stars.
Probably not a bad idea. Easy recovery before that king guy.
You may want that fire flower if he splits again, right?
I thnk getting that other level was a godd idea.
she was playing some dragon age origins
i'm considering learning pikmin all parts speedrunning
2nd time playing it, first runthrough as a mage, lol
That was significantly better than the other fight.
These short seeds are really interesting.
the only thing i'm gonna hate about speedrunning pikmin 1 is the 4th area. that place sucks
i played 1 for like 20 mins
and given there's only 1 pikmin type immune to water in that game, it gets rough
just not my type of game
i'm excited for pikmin 4, cause i love me some pikmin
didn't like the 3ds game tho
also, interesting that we're getting luigi's mansion dark moon before luigi's mansion 1 on the switch
What if slow go was good too?
i mean, it's a good game, i just don't like the level structure
samus returns in dread's engine would be amazing!
Shooting star was in this shop lol.
i also hate number 3 i only like the 1st 1
i just remembered, i still never beat paper mario black pit
LM3 was good, just they padded the end a lot
Cake as FP heal is also interesting. What a strange shop.
yeah.. you deal with the cat a second time
same kind of chase, but the second time is permanent end for the cat
oh god, i never bothered 100%ing the game. i just beat it and was done with it
i just didn't wanna search for like 20 floors worth of gems
they just locked the doors all the time for whatever reason
though it's gameplay was definitely closer to the OG, i'll say that much
Do we know what that square is on Colorado? Looks like an expo pass.
also, fully plan on getting mario rpg remake, as well as SMBwonder
finally, an actually new 2d mario
There's a good chance I get both as well. Definitely SMRPG.
my gf is happy, cause daisy is playable in wonder
oh yeah, beekah, the one who raided you, is my gf
i'm glad i'm doing earlier streams lately, lets me do much longer streams
Daisy was certainly an interesting twist. As is Peach. Neither are usually playable in those games.
Makes me wonder what Bowser is trying to pull in that game.
well, when a soulsborne marathon is a thing, gotta get them hours in
It's good that they're mixing that up. Give the princesses a chance to shine.
i told you that my death counter is going across the games, right? i'm at 105 deaths between demon's souls and dark souls
i cleared like half of demon's souls in 2 hours lol
not a big fan of souls games but love bloodborne lies of p looks really good
Yeah, Hall and Oates sang about Maneaters.
also, have you seen the modded armor i'm using for dark souls 1?
it's twilight princess link, complete with sound effects
also changes the longsword into the master sword, and the one kite shield into the hylian shield
i'm challenging myself not to, cause i wanna stick to the build
that said, i had to do two hand against O&S, cause smough just won't leave me alone when i'm trying to fight ornstein
i had to play super passive, cause pain
my character in diablo 4 can actually do damage now finally
oh yeah, i got a new job as well. galvinizing steel
just a little different from catering, yeah
I had to look that up.
most of my day is spent next to a giant kettle at 450C
I work as an accountant for a company that sells construction material. I should know what galvinized is.
Wow, what a location for Laki.
depends on the chapters, i guess
guessing he can cuz ch6 is done already
Would be bad to not have Watt for a seed.
I've been reading much more lately. Been trying to read as many good books as I can. Just finished the Great Gatsby earlier in the week.
Bring a book to the gas station.
what happened if u go to a chapter that you already have the ss for? does the boss still spawn
Boots are hard required to be in desert
Wouldn't it be nice if there was a tracker for what checks are there? Kappa
You don't have to mark things if you just want to see what rooms have checks but I guess it makes sense if you don't have monitor space
mario had bad knees in this seed?
@Mirby_Studios Nah, he just doesn't like being barefoot
They can't be higher than 3 since you started here
everyone send phantom boots for his birthday
The sandiest boots in seed history
I could feel my soul leaving my body feeling your need for boots
Yeah that definitely just looked unenjoyable, like playing banjo without doing the tutorial as a kid
Life Shroom room has a tree, oasis has more than lemon and lime trees
Did you get the tree in outpost btw?
I haven't done a run in forever
stream was good seed felt bad lol
Let's hope you didn't miss anything important in a tree phanto274Bless
did someone do this to you? 
yeah backtracking panels makes it not fun
Koot's gotta stop leaving his things in the desert
I don't have a problem with traps but I can see how it could be a personal preference, also can depend how seriously you take rando in general
There is also a balance, yeah, max traps can be a bit much for sure
Hopefully you find another sheep before you need one for Koot
There are coin bushes but I understand
My controller wouldve honestly met the Tv there
I made beef stew, rice, lima beans, and biscuits
Thankfully you can jump at least
You want to ban all traps or just the plenty setting?
So maybe ban plenty traps and traps+stars?
Two Goombario starts in a row.
I started watching the Super Mario 3D world from two days ago. I got to the train in World 3 where the jumps kept missing.
Sleepy Stomp. That'll help Koot fall asleep in no time Kappa
^ You've said some inappropriate things, that's probably why you're not listed.
Did you upgrade Goombario. why is he doing 4 damage? Setting?
Did I just hear that right?
Does it wait until you level up to update the scale?
At least it is from this game. I'm not big on when it is remixes from another game.
Maybe they could have a pool of songs and you would be able to take out the crap from the pool?
How were the viewership numbers during the Super Mario 3D World run? I was curious if that brought it down or up.
I don't really care too much, but I prefer vanilla overall.
It's okay once in a while to change things up. Some of the mismatches can be funny, but it's like Cards Against Humanity, where it is funny once.
I wouldn't put this run up though. You are focusing a bit on the unpleasantness of it and that would probably reflect against the video if those viewers saw it.
Definitely agree with your assessment to not put this on YouTube for the aforementioned reason.
Is that the one with the lube?
Well, that tripped me up. Forgot dungeon locations were randomized.
Dungeon shuffle is great. I like that element a lot.
It's a bit too long for me.
Im just noticing the updated part of the tracker
I think they were in a bush at the station so I would guess they are replenishable?
So Laki-less Ultra Hammer skip? I know it's possible but I haven't seen you do it
Fell asleep for a while and forgot to log into my PC
Trying to dupe a Life Shroom?
You had Parakarry if you wanted to leave and re-enter but maybe not worth
And you said the chest wouldn't work w/o pausing?
It had the ! but idk if that matters
customer is annoyed with me because the department that can help her is closed and i can't help her now
how is the run going Phantom?
but also like "that doesn't help me now" is like... sorry?
i can't magically open them lol
That's cool so like mario 64 just into paper mario :D
shiver city got the best song right here
i wonder why bombette is used in runs then
Why Sushie glitch here? Just to skip Kooper?
does getting 100 of those stars just open up ch8 immediately
oh nice, so star spirits are just for rowf then
oh wow yeah that makes sense
i didn't think about the battle theme being three different songs depending on how the battle starts
2 for 6.99 dominos deal is too good every time
bbq chicken with bacon on it and cheesy bread gonna hit
Wait you didn't activate Prologue pipe did you...
If so that's news to me
How many power stars do you need this time?
i just noticed your color palettes changing lmfao
Hey hey! How's the seed going so far? phanto274BLANKIES
wow, full rando with power stars?
Those things are rare man, it's not like you can buy them in Toad Town...
You also have 2 Sheep btw
You do fight Bowser here YEP
so this is where bowser is while mario is not there
Is Spook unusable or do you need the XP?
A fight where Power Bomb is useful
when you turned around to go the other way I was like, "wait he doesn't want that?"
Last stand + 2 damage dodges is big
could be a going right vs left thing
kooper was sealed away deep within the ruins lmao
what crimes did you commit to be entombed as such kooper
Kooper went ham on the fuzzies
you have been entombed in kooper's place
The curse of Darth Goombidious mister206Gombidious
So pausing during HS cancel softlocks, good to know
It softlocked for you before but I don't recall when or know which part caused the softlock
Yoo I didn't know they made Paper Mario HD
bad cmos battery on the gamecube?
I wish that was a feature for pape
one of my subs renewed through paypal and it paid to a justin tv address lmao
Pape rando should be able to replace coins in coinsanity (at least I hope that's how it works)
i guess twitch just never changed the merchant email
Theres just something therapeutic about killing a gold Octo with smiths sword LUL
I hear the cry of your rupees
Member when he has a lantern, I member.
customer chatted in asking "Is this a person or an autobot"
you can guess what I had to resist saying
more of a beast wars girl lmao
i mean i grew up watching beast wars and not transformers so i'm a bit more familiar with the former
I am not into transformers and I never saw Terminator so I just thought Decepticon referred to Terminator, forgetting that is not the case.
maximal is when you're a transformer but also a furry :P
instead of turning into vehicles they became animals
I'm in blender hell for the foreseeable future
I'll put something on the discord. You calling this dungeon Todd reminded me of a George Carlin bit about how Todd is a terrible name and proceeds to make fun of several names.
You'd enjoy his bit about the "Sanctity of Life" as well.
Yes, it also is pretty relevant to what has been going on in the last year with a certain Supreme Court decision.
I posted the two George Carlin bits in your Art channel. I had no idea where to actually post them. Definitely recommend checking them out.
Ah, it was the red sword.
And now for the best part, TOWN DIGGING!!!!
Just the last swords and cape left?
This is as good as a Blue Key Pape Seed.
That's two dead seeds in a row.
Can we know where the swords were.
Wow, they were going to make you do cloud tops.
i bought the crosscode game today
Wait did you mod your switch to have Bow as your icon
Dont let Splash know, got it.
Who timed me out this time LMAO
Timed me out for being right
Timed you out for being Pallos
I like AC but ACNH wasn't great
All the villagers were so bland compared to their past selves
NL definitely was better but the argument comparing those two games is so old that it's just a common fact
There's a voice in my head, says this run is better off dead, But if I sing along a little louder To a happy song, I'll be alright. You want to give up, Gave it all that you've got and it still doesn't cut. But if you sing along a little louder To a happy song, you'll be just fine, 'cause Every now and again we get that feeling. And the great big void inside us opens up. And I really wish that chat could help, but this run is like a carousel And I'm going 'round in circles Cheer100
Pallos is a Kirby fan, so that's all he sees
I already knew chain chomps were in this game
GLHF on things today. Also its my birthday!
who were to guess bring me the horizon translates to pasta lol
Thanx I am now that ur touchin my fave game.
Crosscode is not this week, right? I didnt see it in the schedule, but I remember you saying something about it being a later in the stream thing.
Nice. Thanks. That makes it easier for me to make it at those times.
Yeah, I have no idea how you will stream a casual playthrough of that game.
how do you feel about limited chapter logic? i think thats what people are calling it?
not a fan of yoshi? Kappa
finally got my birth certificate after UPS failed horribly, my digimon card game booster box showed up 3 days earlier than expected, and i won a drawing at work so i'm getting an extra hundo
Yeah, this game has a lot of references to other games because [SPOILERS]
Mirby, level wise how far are you in FF16? havent touched it since saturday so still at level 30. assuming im a third there?
i'm... 40. but i'm also a bit overleveled. enemies in current story areas are about 36ish
Definitely not hinted at in the title YEP
PS5 says i'm 71% done with main quests
oh i forgot that was a thing
This is the Newhart of the zelda series for sure.
I forgot just how many Mario references were here...
I saw your comment on the articles I posted. After I saw it, I realized I could have put those Zelda articles I wrote in the self promotion channel, but I didnt change them.
so who wants to hear fun news
by next weekend my area will begin to see highs nearing 115
good thing i never go anywhere
phoenix is surrounded by several other cities in a giant metropolitan blob
Zelda Universe was the website I wrote for. When they published my satire article about violence in videogames, I got so many people either mad or confused. None of those people were the ones that read the article.
I been doing a multiworld for the past 2 days and team rocket is holding my longshot hostage
tucson is like a satellite city, disconnected from the blob and on its own
also i call it a blob because city limits make no fucking sense lmao
you could cross city limits like 5 times in 5 minutes just driving in a straight line
is it gilbert? is it chandler? is it somehow tempe? probably yes to all!
If you did not touch the controller, then it would be fair to say it is shit of the horse.
Lotad being a pumpkin. Is Trevbonk even here?
the island, by triton, shorn from the mainland
chain chomps in zelda is wild
i've never really watched much gameplay from this game
oh shit he got you back
wow i love a game that condones stealing
it's okay i also blow myself up with bombs in zelda all the time
probably like 1/2 of my totk deaths are from that LUL
oop sorry lol i was trying to type my finger hit the enter key
i don't even know what i was going to say anymore
only having 2 equip spots is wild
though i remember you telling me it's worse in minish cap
i mean in general this game looks like it loads a lil slow
which is a classic nintendo switch move
Is that inherent to the console or just the monitor you're using?
i got sunburned so bad that i can't open my right eye lmao
should be better within a week but yeah whoops lol
for some reason i didn't think to get sunblock or bring my hat to a socal wedding
at least my eye didn't swell shut until i got home though
it's the worst being in a place where you need sunscreen and realizing you do not have access to it
my pain's mostly gone by now anyway so i feel fine
i just can't see very well
ty bot for doing it for me
Are there good ways to lose time?
There's also the Gameboy Color version on NSO
Those are some interesting "almost Thwomps"
"Dodongo please", is that the new replacement for "bitch please"?
fave character in the game R.I.P
Wart was a in dream in SMB2/USA and he's a in dream here as well
Wart isn't real he can't hurt you
I want to say he canonically shows up in dream worlds and that's like his thing
It never occurred to me how much oot lifted from this game
The owl companion, malon, the mirror shield and stuff
Wart is in Smash Ultimate as a spirit implying he somehow has a soul despite only existing within dreams
Not sure which came first, but both games have a blue chicken called Cojiro.
Yeah I think Wart's just from SMB2/Doki Doki Panic + Link's Awakening and their remakes
Mirror shield is in aLttP in Turtle Rock.
I completely forgot about it in alttp
For me Alttp was one of the more forgettable games
This game is the sequel to aLttP.
So it having design similarities make sense.
The oracle games are also this Link.
I just have a hard time going back to alttp
I hate how they swapped the oracle games and Link's Awakening spots on the Hyrule Timeline
I don't think it matters too much  for this game considering it was similar to that one episode of Newhart.
I think the thing that bothers me with the newer games is they take the timeline more seriously, yet dont do anything with it
Amps in this game are so annoying
Fire Rod only gets used for one dungeon
I bet that key could be a gag in a marathon
Can't wait to see you do the Crosscode bosses.
Simply use 1 boomerang for death eye
The one in that other dungeon.
Boomerang is sadly out of the way and a trade for the shovel which is SUPER important
Red Tunic is nice for extra damage and Blue Tunic is less damage if you don't have faith in avoiding damage
Y'know, I get this is a dream but how's Link breathing underwater?
Damn I should get flippers, then I'll breath underwater phanto274Smile
Imagine losing time to egg labyrinth path?
I only remember GB Ganon being easy cause you brute force dash into him since his tridents position was to his right also GG
Personally I woulda finished this run in 2:07:24
2:07 + 4 minutes of free timesave phanto274Smile
So how about that Baja Passion Fruit Punch?
Just remember to scan your bottles to try and get a 500$ Taco Bell gift card
can you use that gift card to buy toilet paper?
These dumbasses put an extra E ICANT
I grabbed burgerking and they put like 0 salt on my fries this sucks
Saltless fries from burger king is the worst
Saltless fries in general are the worst
Only Burger King could fuck that up
I've had a lot of places fuck it up
I've not had wendys fuck up my fries
They've fucked up other things though
Sounds like you won the lottery kinda
why havent you beaten the game yet
i just got out of work
the LEAST stressful camp ive ever coached at
so im honestly riding a high rn
Has the discord for MC:R seen that issue as well?
no i was garbage in sms
otherwise id have liked 26 houred it
only game i pb'd was smg2
The Blue Coin that time forgot but not really...
It was a good performance all around tho
it wasnt a good run anyways that blue coin just made it worse
cant believe its not the master sword
Link consumes butter and has a heart attack
Bombs? You want it? It's yours my friend, as long as you have enough rubies!
There are so many jokes I could make off of "you ever just want bombs." Wild stuff.
Now you can get a better sword
I'm sure the seed will be faster with Early Cap and Ocarina.
This well doesn't have nightmare fuel... 0/10 game
I can never see crenel water the same anymore
You checked sword master in the dark room?
1% of people can figure out that puzzle
I want a stream where you say the 100 best PhantomGamesBot quotes.
You softlocked two seeds with two different games last time.
If you get cane, then what happens to Able?
Well now that I'm here you'll find something
Unless you go in from above?
Does that gray stone not work?
You swam the lake in Minish Village?
want to give me the logs and i give u a hint?
He could also tell if the thing you need is impossible to get or if you are actually missing something.
I remember you sayingyou hit one when you first started this game.
shit like that happened all the time to me
That reminds me of when Goombario was on the fuzzies, blocking Watt.
miss you as usual, hope your runs go well <3
does the tracker have that check in a difference color?
ahh oot and mm tracker have out of logic checks in yellow or orange depending on how out of logic it is that why i asked
you have gip ring on the tracker tick off
it not the other way around? huh
Music is louder than mic rn fyi
Might just be a loud song tho
Cooler outside than inside? Must be nice lol
I came here because the title was really interesting
It's pretty cool out here rn but we got canada vaping aggressively at us so outside is ass anyway
It like started to clear up a bit finally and today it's horrible again
We love a good haha around here
  why is there 2 names for this same emoji
oh wait it correct to both haha when I sent it
But I typed 1 with :joy :
This is the best zelda game because it has foxes hanging out
Yo raven ty for the gl
Yo morph ty for the gl
@RavenFP I think it's BTTV vs FFZ, I use BTTV and both say joy for me
@MarioManTAW joy is what it's called on every platform I've ever used so I was baffled by it being haha lol
I'm going to clip that lololol
Link should just hop over the wall and grab yoshi himself
Phantom's so smol in the top of the screen
the struggles of playing 16:9 games
No reset SFX on this layout?
When he first used this layout I said he was buff00n sized
"Sword Search" is such a good sword for a such brief section of the game
Woo Im here on time for once
Pikmin 1+2 is outselling totk in japan
Clipped it, still flabbergasted that 70% of his body doesn't count as being on the conveyor belt
I thought that ad announcement was the pallos command for a sec
Just type Pallos in the discord
You are not tricking me into typing in that discord
I don't remember the context of that command tbh
Why are you playing German lol
I was so confused reading my native language
What's wrong with Pallos? I definitely have missed context...
Phantom I hope you never play a glitch category so I don't have to watch you hit the fox
But is he as silly as silly cat?
I've been here a while but still don't know all the chat lore, forgive my ignorance at times
Pallos' existence stretches across twitch channels
I'm only in this one YEP
You're telling me you don't want to get a frame perfect glitch by being thrown to the end of a dungeon?
I recently got a recommendation for a Zelda:LA video about Angler's Cave music and the music in general, but Angler's Cave wasn't a unique piece in GB
It was an interesting watch how they made it more unique in this version while not really removing the "original song" (which is the cave music sped up and higher pitch)
kfc is literally on the way so
gotta ask grant kirkhope who recorded that voiceline
I also tried the Baja Caribbean Splash yesterday and it's pretty good... It just tastes more like strawberry than guava
he will prevent you from glitching there
keeping this run valid, what a good doggo
My local gas station had them but not Baja Blast (I had to go to 7 Eleven)
Just make him throw you out of the room
Gonna lurk as I go to a Japanese supermarket with buff00n
I do think that most of the LA bosses fit the theme of them being part of a dream
Wow bot you watched someone play this game thas crazy
Bot is quoting a Yoshi fan that probably said that
@SeventyFourTG Make sure to call everything small at the market 'buff00n sized'
You're not doing a good job if he doesn't threaten to leave you
I never understood why the bow was 980 rupees
I'm going to go to Target or Best Buy and steal a Xbox Series X and PS5
@Ohrocks Can you grab me a ps5 too
I'll grab you an all digital PS5
Buy all the games twice with the money you saved YEP
Best stream currently running on Twitch right here.
i was thinking about learning the run on the gbc version of this game
Why do these enemies got such fat dumpies though
IDK why but I always think of a certain SPM enemy when I see those
Dodongo Snakes aren't real, they can't hurt you.
Bring back the stalfos armor they had in GB versions
can Keese drop pieces of power/guardian acorns?
Just realized that dungeon(?) plays a version of Marin's theme
I love how MM Ballad of the Wind fish perfectly re-creates this master piece
You seem a little salty that it's not a glitch YEP
I'd say it's unclear whether it's out of bounds but I'd definitely call it a glitch
its a glitch that allowed in glitchless
I mean that jump definitely isn't a glitch but moreso unintentional
Wait the game over theme is also Marin...
I wouldn't call it a glitch if the bomb wasn't floating
I consider it a glitch if its a manipulation that is not intended.
Holding down at the end KEKW
The Lava puzzle jump comes to mind
The jump you do to get down from the top, I mean
Though sometimes that's also hard to tell
What happens if you don't have bombs to kill him?
Like the does the game give you more bombs or do you just die?
So apparently you can kill Master Stalfos without bombs... It just takes forever
To be fair, if you don't have the ocarina with mambos or you for some reason don't save and quit, you're stuck in that room with no escape
Next you're gonna tell me you got a problem with my boy Yoshi raysI
You forget how the knights move for a second? Kappa
It doesn't help when there's pits with the snakes
I don't understand why Nintendo said floating tiles should be an enemy
Do you beat all the dungeons in order?
About to get scammed by frog
glad they made the singing less awful
I think they fixed kof matchmaking fully
I got new people each time I q'd up
fire and water temples always the rough
Just did some quick math, you'll need >10s worth of golds for this to PB
a full Zelda in this cartoon style yet either 2D or 3D would be dope
also gg to the run madcap4Bongo hope you're well
as in fully hand drawn, not hand drawn / cartoon style graphics, but different style actual gameplay like this one is
Game over before it even starts YEP
If you want to see (or rather hear) a cool easter egg in this game, next time a run dies early (or if you just feel like it) try waiting around in the room with the frog guy for 3 minutes :)
Totaka's song is in the game
Not sure how it sounds in this version tho
got u on the big screen
Hey Phantom! Good luck phanto274BLANKIES phanto274GL
When the Mambo Mambos the Mambo's Song
Should've been 5 drops each tbh
Just tried Passion Fruit Punch and didn't die
It's also pretty good, however I feel that the new Bajas are pretty on par with each other but I definitely do prefer BPFP more over BCS cause it has a more fruitier hint to it
I just noticed: this now doesnt do D4 last anymore? madcap4Think or am I just derpy due to the split order?
ok I am just derp PrideLaugh
Yeah nothing dethroning the OG Baja Blasts
The only Baja Flavor that's close to the original that tastes slightly better is Baja Deep Dive (Hint of Pitch Black and Baja Blast to give a darker teal color)
come on link dont be useless now
I see that jump to Oracle may be sooner considering this fun.
Seems way more annoying than Vaati 2.
so its not just me who's thinkin that outside of 1st 1st party nintendo games, the switch seems to have some godawful input lag in the dock?
a couple days ago I got a glimps feel of how crash bandicoot Nsane runs on it, dont know how tablet mode functions, but MAN was dock mode already a bad feeling with like up to a full second of input delay
Could be game breaking for a game like SMRPG considering action commands.
0.1 sounds not tooooo too bad overall I feel like - but I mean, I got accustomed to PJ bbirbLaugh
but yea input lag is shnaaasty
Is this an issue on the Switch OLED
has to be all of them yea
but like AT LEAST 1st party nintendo games its "only" 0.1 which while YES it is omega annoying, is still consistent
so like - consistent input delay one can adjust to
like - Crash NSane trilogy gives you a full second
i can't believe you're awakening the wind fish
Yo gl on the run Phantom! phanto274GL
speaking of rando i might do 1 tonight
also i was talking to jon and found out that the combo rando doesn't work super well on bizhawk and that why the devs pick pj64 for multiworld
after playing on bizhawk i don't like it sensitivity sucks ass cant aim in zelda
I thought about making an LAS guide that only said
"If you put feather on X, play a different speedgame"
its sucks ass i can aim on pj64 just fine
i cant even set up tricks cuz how hard it was to aim
idk maybe i might look into a gamecube controller adapter might be better
like i can ess turn just fine but just cant aim
oh have you started with seasons?
I mean, if the exception is killing your bot, it's getting there /somewhere/ so there should be a place to try to catch
i've been looking into the d1 manip
You're sure none of your code is anywhere in the stack trace?
LADX ocarina > LAS ocarina because it's pink in DX
I'm sure you could dc your PC from the internet YEP
So it looks like twitchio does have an error event you can implement to catch errors and prevent them from crashing the bot
Reminder rando seed cost is going up
Oh thought it was this week lol
Do you do any sequence breaks?
Finally a good way to stream it
It's face from 90s Nick jr
My second favorite video game character next to gourmet guy
Y'know first time in this dungeon I didn't know you were supposed to knock the pillars down with the wrecking ball
It would be great if the piece of power could kill these things without it needing to be matched.
the bless emote is reminding me i need to see if the roll ponytail would fit in my suitcase lol
So is the end of this game just everything ceases to exist and it's only ocean?
You're not telling me everything was a dream Madge
i still remember when maddy played the original
they figured out the whole it's a dream twist really early on
and then they beat the game and the reality of that HIT them
I mean I guess that's a good way to get all the other Nintendo stuff in there and make it "accurate"
Even Richard is a character from another game: a Japan-only title called For The Frog The Bell Tolls.
phantom i need you to know
youtube recommended me your latest short mere seconds after it went live lmao
the prince is an assist trophy, richard isn't
but the prince and richard are both from the same game yeah
okay, the intro makes the ending make more sense to me now lmao
I just spent alot of money on getting borderlands 1 and 3 because steam summer sale
I owned 2 and presequel because i got the Handsome collection, but now i got all the borderlands games including Tiny Tina's wonderlands
i love the wrold map tho
its on sale right now for a pretty good price imo
unexpected $50 yesterday to cover a copay certainly didn't help
been saving for this summer sale for those games, cause now i own the whole borderlands series and that feels pretty good
i still have to buy the new trails game next week cant buy anything else
Oh wait i still have to buy Tales from the borderlands
soon i will be obligated to recommend a game that a longtime friend made but it's not out yet lol
literally known this guy online for 20 years lmao
you should see my library on PlayStation if you think your stream library is bad
i have a game idea but all i have is... the entire world building and gameplay system idea with specifics on how it would work together with the other main system. no way to make it an actual game tho lol
but i have played alot of my games
i just cleared one game out of my backlog last night
it jumped to the front of the backlog
so it didn't get sucked into it
i have 530 games on PlayStation but some are free games
i've had enough bloody noses to know that's straight-up the color of dried blood lmao
is there a setting for key rings where u can have some key rings and other are single keys?
ahh oot rando have single or keys rings and u can mix them
was the poisoned water in BN1 the grimace shake the whole time?
TRUE! this game doesn't have cojiro and wind tuna
i am astounded at just how many people lock their keys in their car
I just came back from work and might sleep but I'll lurk phanto274Lurk
so i just rolled a rando seed and my ocarina for mm is for sale for 625 rupees  monkaW
oh shit my wallets doesn't fill when i get 1 whoops
yeah i guess i will just do ocarina items
my light arrows for oot is 975 rupees monkaW
this calls for a celebration. i'm going to warm up a burger and you keep playing. sound good?
dude i am planning to stay inside forever
it's been like in the 100s here and it's only june
btw i can aim pj64 think it was just something wrong with bizhawk and this is the custom version that i haven't touch any setting
no frogs chicken or whales gotcha
juuust a teeny tiny bit yea
which honestly the more that last item locks the better right? chaoti513Think_TK
or am I thinkin wrongly there cus of dungeon key logic
I distinctly renember key logic havin been the one thing which at some point made me feel like OoTR was slog ish due to "oh yay go mode but I stil gotta open everything cus keys woohoo"
yea i getcha 4sword is also missing
so really, boots after 4sword upgrade would be the big pog then if I getya right
that moment when you're trying to find a good recipe and google goes HERE BETTY CROCKER HAS A SUGGESTION
cus then outside keys you at least have "a clear path" sorta thing
i didn't even know they had recipes on the betty crocker website lmao
remind me to never do full random prices again  monkaW
my child wallet for mm is 695 ruppee
no MMOoTR just got a really interesting new thing
like on top of child wallet shuffle blacktiger
on dev side there's now a "MM Bank sized wallet" aka a bottomless wallet
and prices are allowed to go all the way to 5k with that
and minigame prices were not yet made randoable
if i can get to adult with a bottle i have easy money
i didn't put the 9999 wallet on
adult with a bottle? chaoti513Think_TK but lost woods
jon my ocarina for mm is 625 rupees
you know I got a stoopid idea blacktiger
how about crazy random prices full shopsanity with bottomless wallet 
is it the 9999 wallets with random prices
but tiger how could you have KNOWN that NO WAY would that have been my idea KEKW
"yo hang on gimme 20 minutes I need to farm rupees real quick from takkuri with a sword because my next item costs 4269 rupees"
ngl i was thinking about putting the 9999 wallet on
doug bowser about to kick your door in
that's what you get for cheating
new layout for crystal because I didn't want to deal with the old stuff
Was watching ur last YT video... Notification made me really happy LUL
what did discord vote on this week?
Sooo SA2 learning is TOUGH lol
Yeah it's not a meme anymore
Got a messy chili burger from a local place tonight for dinner
I can FR Skip and Bofa skip so that's the start to being a real gamer
with SA2 if it's not action stage learning its all about learning emerald locations/sets/execution
oh did you hear! our almighty lord and savior has solved the issue and realized the biggest problem is we had 200 too few viewable tweets a day :P
there's only like 100 possible locations for each stage lol
why not just blow the building up while you're at it, it would be more effective
yeah someone in ice's server posted a popcorn gif with the caption "watching the fall of twitter"
and i was like "i can't. already rate-limited"
Ladies and gentlemen, esteemed plumbers, and fellow pape enthusiasts, Today, we gather here to pay our heartfelt tribute to an item that has left an indelible mark on our journeythe blue key that, despite our best efforts, eluded capture and has now departed from our world. In the face of this loss, we find solace in the memories we shared, the doors we unlocked, and the bond we formed, however brief it may have been. Thank you, blue key and screw you, Phantom. Cheer100
in other news i posted a fun thing on cohost describing 4 of my favorite unique RPG leveling systems
because unlike twitter i actually want to post there
I shouldve ended that with Rigby LUL
its weird seeing forest pass in the game now
i do appreciate an RPG with a fun unique way to build your characters
everyone its time for reddit to resurge
mental note: prologue has 14 checks right away fifiNotes
i never opened twitter today so all this is news to me lol
I feel like it's something more than another ploy to gain money
How else will I see my favorite artists?
luckily for stuff like this I joined wario64 discord for gaming deals
Honestly I remember this but who is in a better position to run Twitter between: Mr. Beast or Elon?
you know what never rate limited users or stripped features away to put behind a paywall? facebook. yeah i went there
The functionality is different too.  Most servers being invite only is limiting too for discord
I personally think I can run it better by making it so people can type out 1 more letter on tweets
If Elon never made that joke tweet, non of this would've happened
How's Unite been treating you Glenn?
so it's dangerous having a taco bell nearby
i placed an order through the website, maddy went to get it. came back. literally 10 minute trip.
Here I was just happy the laki bridge skip was put in for season 1 Flushed
I'm just going to make a bunch of burner accounts to bypass Elon's limit
FOOL I HAVE OVER SEVENTY ALTERNATIVE ACCOUNTS
Sub 30 first chapter clear FeelsOkayMan
Oh look there was the burden
maybe glad... it could be 7 BP KEKW
sounds good to me PrideLaugh I am currentlw whackin me brain against Bravely Default 2 - tldr, you give me a job system and a turn delay / stack system like that and I am excite - also the music madcap4Bongo
Chapter 1 messed with me and I forgor that it was shuffle dungeon entrances phanto274Facepalm
Good afternoon sir, how goes it. Im on vacation starting today. Are we starting next week?
But don't you want to focus deeper?
Yes, partially my fault for that, but hopefully it will be worth it.
Getting crystal berry on the way is nice as well
Can you do the re-battle general guy trick to get in without Watt?
what are those four random characters up at the top for?
at least we get to hear more shy guy screams
So season 1 race settings? Most of those settings seem familiar
seems like this run is very purple
ugh just had a customer who didn't seem to understand that i literally couldn't say one dealership was cheaper than another
The random pauses inbetween the screams makes it even funnier
like i literally can't say "shop here instead it's cheaper" cause another dealership could see that and go "wtf"
BUT YOU SHOULD HAVE RESOURCES TO TELL YOU THAT well i don't and i've told you that like 5 times already lmao
hey phantom i missed that skip earlier can you do it again
look he's cooking himself for us
i wish that was me right now
ice Clubbas are immune to ice - huh
oh lalalala the sexy is back with pape
hey phantom - hope you're doing well
so will u move up to hundo in links awakening or grind any. i understand its a stepping stone.
ah yes, frozen area in a volcano. makes sense
76 for me is like perfect temp
socal is just brutal in the summer
Damn that's nice. I'm in GA and it felt like 103 out with the humidity
My bf was going to work and described it as "oppressively hot"
Where do you live, if I can ask and you feel comfortable answering
that is not the boot we are looking for
i bettah goez b4 mez getta bannnned
look i just got up from a quick powernap lmao
the japanese dub of the one piece live action series has the original voice actors reprising their roles
like even if you don't care about one piece or the live action version that's pretty neat
okay thanks for the celebration twitch
Also that was a ODD EGG from the daycare man right?
That EGG has an increased Shiny Odds
How are you today? Also good luck
call Raven bitch if they show up
@Raven buff00n calls you a bitch
Did I just witness a shiny crabby? LUL
When you just got done saying why does everything have crunch I was just thinking of a T tar showing up LUL
where is the crunch at Kappa
Imagine all that timeloss for the shiny effects LUL
Are gym leaders forced to be monotype with these settings?
I didn't know that you did pokemon too
A man of variety over here
I honestly don't know much about pokemon at all
although I forgor PP sucks for it in gen 2
Wdym you clearly have 2 physical moves Kappa
Ah, the one thing you love to see as an Alakazam YEP
Do you have the expansion card marked or is that something different?
Do they let you do anything to entertain yourself when you don't have customers?
Or are they like strict no phone people
It's kinda the same for us- not that we have down time but like they let us use our phones IF we ever have some
But not allowed to use earphones of any kind
So I can check like... discord? And reddit? lol
I mean I just have the reddit app
decided to charge exorbitant amounts for API access iirc
And about how they are like REFUSING to double back
I know a lot of subreddits went dark in protest
I also heard twitter is starting to limit tweet views??
Are they trying to go bankrupt?
like i was rate limited earlier now i'm not
i mean i'm only using desktop
finally not hot in my room anymore
Oh yes, back in time for the crystal randomizer
Maybe fly is at Mt Moon.
i leave for MAGWest in less than 2 weeks
Who would have guessed I'd be here, huh?
@klink06 Were at the point of the seed where Phantom skipped a check and is stuck.
It's on Sabrina, it's always on Sabrina
Omg nugget bridge into red scale
Is there progression that locks her out?
That is very annoying when flags dont work.
This would be why you haven't done a seed in like a month
I haven't done a seed in ages. Might pick up shopsanity when I get time
That's why I do early Fly
Going up the hill looks painful
You know it's a bad seed when you're biking UP cycling road
Well I hope your 2nd seed tonight goes better
As long as it is still only to cities you've already been to.
Still though, makes for good content for YouTube.
Think of your frustration as an investment.
Oh dang I've never tried hints
Champ = gym leader seems vague but ok
I do love hints. I know it helped immensely in KH2 rando
I miss KH2 rando but I can't stand emulator anymore and don't want to spend $50 on KH again
can u find the badges in pokeballs?
Yeah so it was the PS2 Japanese final mix with an English patch
I have a rather strange question that you may know the answer too since you know some nonbinary streamers. Is it okay if I ask it?
Yeah final mix was never released in English on PS2 so that's why
No No, you want to go to Whirl Islands now definitely
One of my neighbors told me that someone else was nonbinary and proceeded to tell me at a later date that they were having family problems over it. I do not like this neighbor because I thought that outing them was wrong and mentioning the family issues was a very personal thing she should not have told me about that neighbor. Am I correct to be bothered by that?
The nonbinary neighbor is very nice btw.
Regardless you shouldn't call out anyone else's business yeah
i found out that the custom pj64 have most of the input lag remove
They are not very public about it.
Okay, I'm glad I'm not crazy then. Thank you for the insights, both Klink and Phantom.
Regardless of orientation, it's fine to be bothered by gossip.
Agreed... I don't trust this neighbor because of that. She is a bad influence.
Also who timed me out lolol
Hahaha, I thought that was odd. Pallos isn't a trouble maker. Pallos is a key in Crystal Palace.
Can't solve a seed without Pallos Key
What did you think when they introduced Fairy Type?
I think ice should be able to check it. Ice is the weakest type.
i had a charge beam go mode, like 45 minutes after i found plasma beam
your luck hasn't been much better than mine lol
Best part is that he had turned off Kanto Gym Leaders for progression.
oh yeah, i cleared dark souls remastered last night. between demon's souls and dark souls, i'm now at 184 deaths
i'm trying to find fun asset replacement mods for ds2, but i'm finding nothing i really like
ds3 is super fun! i need to downpatch it so i can use the asset mods i want to use, tho
nah, it's pretty easy. i found the program the people at speed souls use
i have a mod that changes weapons into lightsabers (visual and audio change only) and one that changes pontiff sulyvahn into DIO
One of the best parts of Crosscode is the music, btw.
of course, to get to ds3 and bloodborne, i have to suffer through ds2
i know, i just don't like the enemy placement in scholar of the first sin
I never had to deal wtih that when I worked at DQ.
Wait, does US have tap for debit and credit cards yet?
or is it just chip finally
it feels good actually having good money again
Okay, then I'm shook people still pay with that much change and don't get it rolled
I hate Mortar in general LUL
Surf, strength, and waterfall? Plus all the badges? What could go wrong
oh yeah, how about them new twitter limits
Social media in general is the Aids of humanity.
it's elon, the change won't be reverted
i replied to elon post wonder if I'm getting banned
SeventyFour told me that the change was just a glitch in a new twitter update
Elon is a piece of shit.
i barely use it anyways. i just use it to keep up with gaming news and pokemon unite
Elon is a dumb kid with a lot of money.
I get my news from the local sources anyways. I recoemmend supporting your local news outlets.
wait, they actually updated the randomizer to let you use another repel immediately after it's done?
if elon a bitch and banned me i will just and another account lol
i haven't played crystal rando in a while lol
i'm trying to find a previous version of fusion rando cause it lets items be on bosses
They got to make money and unfortunately, good journalism is dying because no one wants to pay and the sites that are free have tons of clickbait to get you to read the articles they have, of course those articles have craploads of ads.
The free sites value clickbait over real journalism, which they get from those local sources anyways.
Almost done. I thought you would make the seed only require 14 badges.
I wanna try one of these but it looks very very tedious
Damn, the bot just wasted Pallos.
I agreed with you on 14 badges.
damn the bot got pallos 2 times today
What was Entei again, I only know Raikou was Jolteon funnily enough and Suicune I think was Maril?
It is really the bot or am I going insane LMAO
This was definitely a tall seed for sure.
Phantom they took 9 hours to run that bracket
I'm so glad I didn't enter shit I just played kof lol
@Pallos7 Ah, just let him be fancy
@Ohrocks I'll do it again 4 you
Telling the streamer to use flash  shouldn't count.
For the bot to obliterate him, hahaha.
I did that not the bot lol
I guess the bot did happen to say "Ew kill it" as I shot him
Ok you got your gg go back in the hole
Glad to see you run back some crystal man
Good luck and congrats on followers.
Howdy long time youtube watcher first time twitch watched
No fuck that play the song
Hope rando is nice to you today phanto274Bless
Go take a 7 and a half minute shit so I can listen to this
I'm gonna start mailing shit soon
I think my mom is gonna send shit so if random packages show up throw it in my room lol
She wants to buy me towels and whatever
Yah, just finished my 2nd of 2 70 Star Power Star Hunts I did today
70/120 because I'm very funny and comedic
I know the other day I did like a basically full rando selttiFine
Either way I'm here for it phanto274Mash
Now I'm trying to see if I recognize it laserg8Squint
Yeah I wouldn't have gotten that laserg8Laugh
Oh should I not have lolol
i had a feeling it was dog island
Now that's what you call a devoted fan
i am too full right now lol
yeah i had the leftovers today
Not goombario seed so looking good so far tippiTap
You love to start with Watt
I rely on spook bc Im a can stick mash
Usually good in battle, but not always the partner you want to start with
I rely on uh... the seeds being kind to me
Chapter 7's music is above the rest of the game imo
Still have Koopa Bros theme to look forward to
Huff n puff theme is also great
Maybe it'll last more than 2 seconds raysL
You know, maybe this game has good music
Power shock about to be 10
Is there a list of what all settings are banned? I can vet the settings for you
Yea so hopefully good mega smash maybe?
she was just vibin' up there
Ruining her Vacation, how could you
Wait does the limited chaper logic limit what items appear in the chapters you dont need?
I had 5 BP Power Plus in my last seed too laserg8Smile
I had a really bad seed I never finished a week and a half ago for badge costs
True cause I did equip it even though it was an investment lol
The best badge I got was a 3 bp dizzy stomp
Yea but most of everything is like 7 or 8
I never use the status stomps cause I dunno what they're good on
Maybe I should finish that seed but man it was bad
I sent the seed to m4 to try sometime saying I thought it was cursed
Oh I used dizzy on bloopers and Jr troopa in that seed
Oh Dizzy works on the Bloopers?
Flying enemies are weak to dizzy and  the dizzy status works longer on them
Idk sometimes if I don't have good badges on mario I'll use like a sleepy sheep
A warrior goes into battle with all of his tools at his disposal
If I have a Shooting Star or Thunder Rage that one turns a group fight I couldn't otherwise I'll usually use it
Yea I try ti keep open slots
Admittedly I don't use Dizzy Dials or Sleepy Sheeps cause I'm conditioned to not rely on them lmao
Some fights are safe to rely on them
The Mushroom, your worst weakness HahaSweat
Curse you Peach for ratting us out
Is it ever in logic to fight anti-guy
Why is this playroom goated wtf
Limited chapter logic there isn't a lot in the sphere I think
Do you need Kooper though? Kappa
That's a little of what's making the spheres so small I think
Who needs exp when you have pain and suffering from the seed
Heard the west coast was getting boiled.
Southern California is in the 100's I think.
Yeaa but thats okay frick general guy
Thank god power shock is usable tbh
Oh right it was Thunder not Quake
Makes sense since 6 has to be higher scale
Well, the title is Low Stress Randomizer, so I would say the 41 minute "Go Mode" is on the mark.
Quite a waste of 4 Fortress Keys tbh
lmao this customer seems to think taxes are just "extra" charges
technically yeah but they aren't gonna find a way to not pay them
Imagine using 4 locks to keep mario out but mario comes in anyways
I'm guessing they are not a tax exempt business.
i'm a chat agent for nissan so no
i send info to them but i don't have to talk to them myself lol
Probably for the best (for you, I mean).
yeah that's why i'm glad i'm on chat team
but i have ran into so many people wanting new cars for either MSRP (which doesn't include those taxes or fees) or even under MSRP
like good luck literally nobody sells a car for under that lol
Non-subs are going to miss Koopa Bros banger Sadge
Damn, that was a good bounce.
No 3, no 7, works pretty well
Question is will you have enough to fight Bowser.
Yeah, this might just be the fastest 4-star combo since Desert is so big
Although you did luck out a little bit getting go mode before entering ch6
Bad Spiny Surge and no Charge?
but i went waaaay overtime LUL
was raising in-game funds for something very expensive
i need to rush through some chores and get dinner together. will be lurking! GLHF!
You can farm those now YEP
Also Fire Pop randomly came in clutch
We'll have to see how ch8 goes though
Wow all 3 HP Plus YEP
Where's BP Plus when you need it YEP
Interesting strat, may need to try that my next LCL seed NOTED
got a second chat while i was closing up the first so i verbally shout I'M A LITTLE FUCKIN' BUSY HERE JIM and i guess jim heard me somehow cause he ended the chat instantly lmao
I don't suppose Thunder Bolt would ever be useful?
honestly that wouldn't be as funny to me if his name wasn't actually Jim
DAMMIT JIM I'M A CHAT AGENT NOT A MIRACLE WORKER
Game wanted to make sure you got cheered up today :3
Hallo Hallo all! I actually have tomorrow off this year
i'm not, so i get two days off in a row lol
We usually are open from 8-8:30, But this year we're closing all 3 dealerships
Math is a good skill ot have, certainly.
Imagine if that sleep stomp worked on Bowser.
ugh i can't wait to play more dragon quest heroes 2 lol
it's actually hilarious, maddy got it for me for christmas on PS4 some years back as a physical copy, and now i have a digital PS5 which means i can't use it on that... but the game is on PS+ so i can still play it on PS5 lol
only dragon quest games i played was 8 and 11
8 is what made me fall in love with the series, and honestly that's mostly due to Yangus
Unblock was always better than block there, no?
also love the workaround of "name your protagonist" by having him call the protag "guv"
i might play dragon quest 8 later this year again been awhile
Did you make a spoiler log perchance?
is my nap time but wanted to come say hi
I saw the end of it haha
The one LCL I did I used progressive with 2x XP
and I am getting drunk tonight so I need to sleep before lol
drunk on what, if you don't mind me asking
I wasn't able to beat Bowser but I need to learn different strats for low-badge Bowser
belated GG, i heard you finish while washing dished
I am going to try making a salted caramel espresso martini
but if it's gross then probably hard seltzers haha
i just like hearing what people are drinkin' lol
i have none myself right now sadly
and there was this salted caramel baileys at the liquor store
and I was like I wanna try this
I have a full ass house here
I will make you a cocktail
there's also fucking nothing to do here LUL
my fiance found some peanut butter whisky recently so we were mixing it with strawberry or grape soda lol
and mixed with those specific sodas was like a liquid PB&J
i like PBJ but I have to be like
super in the mood for it
But I would 100% try that, it sounds fun
what is your drinky of choice
i prefer whisky or rum myself
me and tequila aren't friends tho
tequila has done me dirty many times
my dad is first generation american!
There's an excellent one where I live. The company is called Transcend, and it is based in Southington, CT.
but I know I'm white iceblueSad
and me and tequila hate each other
I guess this seed might need a bit of money since you skip both the chapters w/o shops
okay but there are so many different types of seltzer
yeah every single type i've tried has left me terribly nauseous
like the new one i bought today is a margarita seltzer and it's prickly pear flavor and it's so good
and then i also have spiked simply lemonade seltzers
truly is so hit and miss
so believe me i've tried to find a seltzer i can handle. none have worked for me
some are so good and others are NOT
next GDQ can we get drunk
No fun drinking beers that taste like shit. That's most beers for me, which is why I like sours. Kills that alcohol taste.
well morph has said before that it's not that he doesn't drink
but he doesn't really get drunk
so one time when i was a kid i had a lunchable that came with a can of capri sun. put it in the fridge. nobody wanted it for a year. at which point it had fermented. it was the most rancid smell.
every single seltzer reminds me of that
yuck, okay, i can see that mirby
Whenever I think of a user with "morph" in the name, I think of Shittymorph.
honestly i had a capri sun the other day and it did not hit as good as i thought it would
maybe the flavor we got was just the F tier flavor
that is a lot of liquid phantom
okay capri sun jungle juice, i'm here for it
okay i really need to nap
So there is no need to even check badge exchange, right?
Will this be an FP first seed?
i just saw the latest poll
i voted for the one i felt would screw you over the most
I know which one I thought would be the most interesting change
I mean, Parakarry would also let you beat the chapter lol
All but clear and one check in 3?
I did the unthinkable, I played smash.
So whooped his ass with my shulk
Judging from what you have right now? Nope LOL I've watched a good amount of your VODS at this point
Oh!! I may have been inspired by you to make a Paper Mario video uwu
You can fight Electro Blooper for those turn-ins but IDK if that's what you had in mind
Damn I didnt get one lolol
Randos /could/ be hardcore lurkers but no one would ever know
Now I should apply to like my local supermarket
I did for about 18 of those months
Work was a FUCKER of a BASTARD
hey phantom can i get $5 in gas i need to get across the street and no further
we're closed tomorrow, so I guess EVERYONE decided to do their shopping
I paid for a gift sub, do you think the game will pay it forward where that Blue Key matters?
Can I get 10 cents worth of gas
Did you get all the yosh's
What did the leader give you
People are blowing shit up outside my house
So you can beat volcano but you'll be orphaning the Ultra Hammer chest, correct?
Its not even the 4th yet
The clouds are exploidng thunder and lightning, is that similar?
My grandma lives in the city, replace explosions w/ gunshots
Have y'all heard what a flashbang sounds like
Theres a lot of crime here
Where I am, crime is just a thing that happens.
It's always funny when the partners get stuck in the lava.
OmG look at this im a ghosty kefka1Boogie phanto274Doot minimi6Shroom triden4Zoom fuzzyPog minimi6Pog
No guarantee of finding Laki this seed
I am inclined to agree bc yeah, better chance of not missing important badges/consumables
Yeah, that D-Down badge in the last seed would've helped.
Still better than it was though.
You can leave ch5 and never return
Are you gonna mark chapter 5
Coco pop is an interesting trade
What chapter are those guys supposed to match normally? 5?
You can get to them after obtaining Super Boots, so approximately ch3
So, they probably are close to 4's scaling then.
Same experience as Shy Guys I mean.
Still not a fan of the What emote being called what it is raysI
I often find myself rephrasing questions to avoid having What at the beginning
Uh-oh, hope you don't need those later...
I'm guessing this is karma for not saving Goombario.
@RavenFP Just to clarify, I'm okay with the emote, just wish it wasn't so easy to type accidentally
That's why it's so good tho
Imagine if you also had to find the mystical key
Imagine if you got timed out
I'll probably be saying very little when he starts Crosscode. I need to not comment unless solicited, because I don't want to inadvertently spoil the game or the experience.
I was referring to that EXP bar.
I saw the schedule, btw. Very excited for Wednesday.
Blue Key still can't be required yet
Star stone only gets you 3 items atm
I'm surprised you aren't going for Ch 1.
Although I have no idea about anything.
Forgot you need Laki to cheat.
Electro Blooper is a decent handful of checks atm
Now you can get ultra boots check iirc
No Star Stone check, no Blue Key checks, just pedestals and 3 checks past Star Stone
Why does the bot hate me lol
I think it was a joint effort between buff00n and Raven iirc
Someone made a command, then Raven changed it
May i offer you an egg in these trying times
ohrocks made a stinky one that was from jesses chat
Got it, couldn't remember who did it originally
I wasn't sure if it actually did that
Sorry, that's still funny to me.
Damage Dodge and Mega Rush could be all you need, you know
You going to do the top Bombette check with Clippy?
Neither do I lol, let's see if I can look it up
Makes sense, especially when considering the night we DNF'd three seeds.
And learning is half the battle
Not much you can do besides one-offs atm, correct?
So Toad Town checks then sewers
Bomb doesn't even unlock much, right? Just 2 checks in 1 and Blue Key checks?
I guess Star Stone technically too
I mean, they had to be at least 4-scaled...
A key in a big chest... how crazy is that
Put him a box and smash him with a hammer!!
Currently in the middle of a hard OOT 3D Rando seed myself
I do really need to play this game again casually, I just bought a physical cartridge, so now I have no excuse
Yeah 3D oot is great, The harder the seed is, the more I go "How do I do the thing that lets me skip this thing, and get the thing I need"
Did we ever get an explanation for the cow heads in Jabu Jabu's Belly within Master Quest OOT?
Lucky Power Shocks this time around
@pethanct01 Jabu's hunger was so great Talon sold some of his cows to King Zora. There's a reason Ingo took over 7 years later.
Those cow heads really are something else.
Thought I was insane when I first saw that.
If you get to have Power Shock work, he gets to shield, perfectly fair YEP
Hey, at least it's not less than Star Storm like last seed
You say Jump x2 is your best damage here, right?
That probably would have worked if you had Peril, I agree
Is tanking the Life Shroom the best way to get peril? Would it be worthwhile at all to turn off Damage Dodge?
Also phanto274GL I know you'll do better at figuring out this fight than I would
Slightly slower but gets the job done, gg
Still nice for the end though.
Ch1 and ch5 in every seed today?
Aren't panels in most overworld rooms?
Also Bow start does literally nothing logically, weird
You didn't choose the star piece life, the star piece life chose you
Making a note that Flower Saver is there if we decide we want it
I don't usually see you use or grab that.
We don't know how expensive stuff is yet
I usually pick it up but a lot of times Flower Saver just costs a ridiculous amount of BP
How much is it in vanilla?
Exactly, 2 FP Plus is way better with that balancing
Its a perfectly balanced game, with no bugs or exploits
YEP this is coming back up again
Impossible apparently, if today is anything to go by
The first seed you played today didn't have too much of a money issue if I recall, it does depend on the chapters rolled though for sure
All chapters have shops except 4 and 6 so whether you roll those can matter
Your first seed today happened to roll both of those so only 2 chapter shops
True, this is kind of a half-shop
But that's a whole new check box too
I wonder where pulse stone is.
And a tracker icon to add in 2 places
I wonder if the limited chapter logic would cause certain chapters to pop up more often than others due to key items needed
@RavenFP Wendy's is cheaper / closer......
That is something I 100% actually knew before just typing that
Bombette gotta get paid, and payment is high fp cost
I think only an upgrade block can save her.
Things that cost 5-6 base FP are probably the best use for Flower Saver
Turns out mega bomb is 7 instead
FWIW I also don't know what these fights are in vanilla
I... might be inclined to agree...
Believe in the me that believes in you
You know, sometimes you just gotta get lucky lol
Time to cash in those chips?
So, is ChEt Ripo part of 7 or sewer?
Artifact actually in logic for once
Also wdym you don't want to do BHS just to say hi to Rip? Kappa
Well NOW you can do Rip
Funny that's all you can do even though you have Bombette
I guess you technically get a Super Block if you really want it but that's it
I wonder if they could do the badges like an ability tree?
Leanin over the check? What does it mean?
Imagine not using multi bounce Kappa
I just had a thought that could be interesting, especially after the LCL setting gets adjusted: LCL with glitch logic
It's been a while since I've done or seen glitch logic and I'm interested to see how the settings might combine
I think laki should keep the damage he does in the fight depending on chapter scale
Maybe that'll be the next seed I do
But if moles is Pulse Stone...
Wait, there's also Shrink Stomp check, right?
Is this another Fish lost in time seed?
Hey, I could do a repeat of the last pred raysL
I remember you saying 45 before
That's a lot, what all does Merlow have?
You ever been to the Pink Gorilla?
Yeah, I've seen the stream they have. Are they any good in person?
They probably make a decent amount through the stream.
The stream is basically just the store.
Although he's taken the camera to a bar a few times.
I actually like the store stream, but most of it is watching him run the store and watching his employees and the customers.
Everyone loves one off checks in the middle of nowhere
At least you don't have to decide between Trevbonk King or Anti-Guy
Kolorado and the fish of destiny
What was that about the vase?
It gives you the Jade Raven YEP
What was Wendy's behind? Was it behind Moles?
There are I think at least 5 checks in Jungle w/ Sushie besides Jade Raven and the Yoshis
Yeah, was going to say... need Kooper? lol
What about Colorado's camp and lyrics?
Anyway, Fortress Keys? Who needs those
I'm curious to know if hammer was in those Jail Cells.
Koopa Bros went through the trouble of hiding them all over the map, you manage to collect them all, and then ride a cloud to get to the top without using any of the keys
Seems to be a theme to be lacking damage. Although it is pretty impressive you haven't DNF'd a seed yet tonight.
Have you checked Spiny Surge yet?
You do have Multibounce if you need it or if it helps
I think Ultra Stone seems a bit more valuable with these settings tbh
It's about as likely to be found as any other random badge
I haven't really considered starting items, that could be a good idea especially with these settings
Which seed is this, number 2 or 3?
also watermellon puff colours are fun
the settings are good? you like them
I guess +1 on Spiny Surge also helps if you can afford it
Never thoguht I'd see the day that Phantom would level grind in a Pape Rando.
Should probably still level up somewhere in ch8 right?
Does it have something to do with the fact regular Bomb did exactly half their health last time?
He did quite a few Randos, Pallos
Well, looks like chapter 7 was 1-scaled.
"I'm MegaMan.EXE, and this is Jackass!" *consumes entire Cybeast*
NVM, probably more with all the level grinding.
damn  Watt looks *gulp* really good in pink...
Super Jump Charge after 7-scaled Huff and ch8 Jr pepeW
In the middle of nowhere where it belongs
And grab Ultra Hammer as well.\
What if these seeds had open Tase T. with being able to do two item recipes. Too much?
Cookbook, frying pan and Ultrastone start.
Or maybe one of the toad town shops will always sell lifeshrooms?
Probably better enable cook w/o frying pan if that's the goal
If shopsanity is off, Star Haven shop will have Life Shrooms...
Time to go back into the hyperbolic time chamber.
10% for every status that works against them
I suppose Dizzy Attack makes sense
Oh I forgot this was no multiplier, that's way more impressive
Have you been enjoying yourself at least? phanto274Smile
was that two 1/4s in a row? wow
That was pretty monkaS to watch but I'm really glad you pulled it off phanto274Hype raysP
In a pizza would you rather the sauce or the cheese be bad? Like in terms of taste
yo a rando stream ngl i didn't read i just click
I bet it was a wild summer at least though
awwe man do i have to ruin this perfect amount of channel points
is this the setting string you shared in discord?
ive taken interest in dk64 rando. learn logic has been... a journey KEKW
i can't believe this is a cheating stream
this is a randomizaer? never played one myself
oh is this 3 SS start?
and this is a speed run right?
oh shit congrats on 1k followers
SSS tells you what stars you need?
how do you do a randomizer? i never did one
you know how much we wanted to get the jade raven!
just shove the star piece into the jade raven slot
the star piece will get you the jade raven lol
what are you trying to do?
bro what the fuck is this stacked prologue
i hope the rest of the run goes well
What's up. Pretending I understand what's happening. I've never actually played P.Mario
this seems like a lot of stuff for 30 minutes in
yeah i just wasn't expecting to see 30 minutes when i saw the tracker lol
mythic, stars 1 3 and 7 arent needed so ignore those
oh okay, that makes more sense
You can... almost beat the chapte
so because those star spirits aren't required, does that also make the checks within them dead?
Want to learn the trick to get past the red station wall w/o Bombette? YEP
but we need her for the L2 power ring
I see the full release of SpeedChoice and FIR is out. Not sure that much has changed over the versions we've been using though
FIR was two weeks ago, Speedchoice was the 2ndf
yo how goes Phantom and chat.
dude, im watching the fever dream that is the Book of Mario
What are you trying to do
Sushi glitch from the looks of it
So what was that supposed to do?
Few things I see: Option to start with repel, Option to remove flash logic, Option to remove flash requirement (?), retry on item pickups, make all items retryable if bag is full
I wonder if remove requirement means caves are already lit up?
Final release was probably just final bug fixes
"Laki, how dare you not break the laws of reality for me."
I always liked the different gag jungle flowers. The cymbal flower is funny.
I do like the Flash logic honestly, although typically Flash is almost always required.
Anyway, this is all off topic. How's this run looking?
Have you done randomizers for many other games?
I've only done KH2, Crystal, and one single attempt at ZOOTR
You have Super Hammer if you want that
I mean, yeah, there's no penalty and it's basically the direction you need to go to retry anyway
thanks now I will be an ass
Do you really need Bombette though? Kappa
Interesting that you found Kooper at all tbh
Check Storeroom on the way as well?
I guess you don't need to now lol
1 BS Legend of Zelda please!
Ok. I went back as far as chat would let me. What are the tweaked settings. If you don't mind answering
Sorry, I'm old and don't discord a lot.
Ultra stone just helps fights not take forever
Those seem good for quality of life things.
Do you have everything for Water Block Bowser w/ 15 HP?
How is it Lteady time to make dinner? I reject this reality
@grover53 I have to do the same. Making a stuffed crust pizza tonight
You do have... quite a few Life Shrooms though that's probably partially luck
Nice @pethanct01 I did pizza Monday.  I think it's a "spaghetti" night.
Youll figure it out. You did three seeds over the weekend and did very well with them. phanto274GL
@grover53 Pasta is nice and easy. If you ever have the opportunity, try using parmigiana regiano with it.
Ooh! I love that. But my neurospicy kids are less of a fan. We're extremely plain eaters because of it
"Neurospicy" I might have to borrow that one raysL
@mariomantaw they each have their own ND diagnosis, so it's the easiest description
What does that ! Block do?
It opens a pipe to Toad Town
I think it makes a pipe to Toad Town
Yeah that final fight seemed a lot easier than last time
More power badges and good Sushie was enough to make final not too hard
You had Life Shrooms but didn't need most of them
This will be a good day today.
You ended w/ 1 Repel and 2 Life Shrooms unused
Jr. was a bigger problem than Final this seed
Usually one of Spike Shield, S. Jump Charge, or something like Power Shock actually working help
I mean, it's slow but if you could set up enough to skip the spike phase...
I missed it,  did you start the fan?
I'm mostly deaf, white noise isn't something I catch
what is that shit marked on your tracker
i had to rub my eyes
wait that was the Morph badge
You put that out there, not us
Now he will be in a stupid spot.
You need to say may I please, game doesnt think youre nice enough yet.
and you don't need kooper at all
Surprised you haven't resigned to cheat ch1 yet
It's kooper mode which is straight ass mode
Does the game logically require you to have sushi to do Lily?
Because you have to swim back?
Do you turn off longer/obnoxious checks?
I feel like rando isn't quite rando without a small handful of obnoxious out of the way checks anyways
hes just basic koopa thats why
We know the power of flame kooper, Ive seen you use it.
dizzy shell is cool if its cheap
Shame Fan Smack is useless in ch8
Fan Smack used to be my fave move too
The use of Kooper in that one seed was cool.
I never use him at those points in the game
I've used it in rando before, it just only helps against defenseless bosses
A cultured Laki Bonus Feature User
Jump x2 + partner should topple them, right? Just a little slower
I wonder if ddownpound or ddown jump works at instantly knocking down the stack
I think Spin Hammer gets one of them out, which is funny but ultimately useless
Wow, those guys spent the whole fight on their backs.
Im laughing because I have no idea what you meant, hahaha
I wasn't sure if it was appropriate to follow up to Shakespearian humor
at least you have quake selttiFine
Im guessing its my previous comment, hahaha.
You got two levels so its fair.
It was a level and some with level scaling taken to account for leveling, IDK I think that it was more
I wonder what hellish scale awaits in Ch7.
25% chance of a low scale chapter.
i put off shrink stomp way too long and it had ultra 
stream was good, have to work my one day this week tomorrow LUL
anyways Laki has red Key that is all /lh
Im hoping for blue shell behind blue key and Kooper has red key
There are a million checks it can be on the way.
I'm a little evil but Phantom is chaotic with a hint of evil in other channels so it's allowed, as a treat
I found that out on accident at one point
Mario walks across those small gaps in other games so I guess it makes sense.
Not relevant for jumpless though unfortunately
Unless you can do a Laki jump up there or something
Not needing all of your partners for a seed is the downfall of this kinda setting huh
do these settings have watt = invisiblock logic?
Not many checks though, right? Like 3?
2 in Prologue? Counting Stone Block and Dolly?
The biggest succ is that you don't have Watt
It's 100% got 'fertilizer' in it like Posie says
(something something the friends you made along the way)
Congrats on not losing 4K @blacktiger51
lets go i won and got nothing
I open twitter and the first tweet I see is someone saying "my pussy is screaming after watching this rashid trailer for sf6"
No one voted on the other side so IDK what happen then, points probably just disappear into the void
@RavenFP another friend I was watching the other night was having a whole bi awakening the other night, he was talking about his happy trail and everything
@MarioManTAW you just refund when that happened
@RavenFP My bi awakening was playing fe9 and 10 and seeing Tibarn and Naesala
He had this *look* on his face when I called it that cause he couldn't stop looking at Rashid and I was like 'sir. please, I am probably one of the gayest people you know,'
he was like 'is that what it is'
I thought you did this, but maybe I'm thinking of the other seed.
Still a fun fight to watch regardless.
seed bleed is real and it *CAN* hurt you
I want a refund on that check
oh man is it up at the top of fortress???
yay gonna be a last location we love last location
This seed is great, what are you talking about.
I'm dying to know where Watt is
did you gen a spoiler log?
don't u just hate when u last location a item from a check you totally didn't forget about  like me last night
Better than final check for 7 Chapters.
Twitch recommended you so I thought I would check you out
@therealmaddness2000 Small streamers are the best.
If you beat Bowser in under three tries I will follow
he was in my group in the last season LUL
my blitz seed I did, I got mega rush early. Last Stand was out of logic in toy box [never went there], and power rush was in haven shop
You must have been level 9 when he gave up 69 star points in the last seed.
I used 2x w/ progressive and 3 spirits and wasn't OP but shuffle difficulty changes quite a bit
As long as the game itself has well-balanced audio NiceSoftlock
I would check the settings, they have difficulty settings you can modify
Yeah, the lighting seems a bit dim, I know the game is a little brighter than this.
You may need to find a way to fix the lighting settings later. Hopefully that won't be problematic.
Yeah, for me it's not dark. Not sure what setting it is. I can check my game.
From what I looked up, they are saying to turn off HDR. Not sure what this is.
It should be in between those two.
I uploaded a picture onto the gaming channel with my colors.
But at a terrible cost it seems.
That is certainly strange. I didn't have this issue myself. Not sure why it is punishing you.
Are you able to disable HDR on the monitor itself?
I wish I had an answer to help.
The answer is to not use the monitor which is... a shitty answer swifFlop
Music players these days HATE shuffling
yes my precious is on display
Cheer500 Bits to make up for Crosscode issues last night. Beep boop, the censors are telling me no.
How is the Playstation 5 in terms of the system. Not sure the quality in terms of games and system.
I actually don't remember when this current Gen of gaming started, the Switch just kind melded everything together.
Seems like there are no games on those systems.
Why does this game have cute death screams?
Does that mean you are feeling progress in the game since you will have less health?
i'm dealing with a lot of idiots today ;_;
someone right now needed the finance department number. they had the number. turns out they need kia's number. we are not kia.
That's wha5 I thought, but it could have been Danish or something and I wouldn't really know the difference
I would have gotten it at the 'du hast ein' on one of those text boxes
2 years of German and a German grandmother has taught me that.
I am tempted to play this Zelda game. It would be my first. Should I pick something else instead?
I would say that any game is fine to try first as long as it is not Zelda II or Spirit Tracks.
Did you answer the bluestone? Because I got a doctor's visit phone call and missed it if you did
I usually just cheat and ask google
i mean it's less "ask the owl" and more "finish the statue and it gives the hint"
it's just the panels from LttP with an extra step
Good to know, thanks. Sorry for having to answer twice
speaking of LADX being on NSO, i think it's funny that people think that having the SMRPG remake means we won't get that on NSO too
like the fact this remake exists AND has the original on NSO is proof enough
oh totally on that front i can get it
but square is working with nintendo on the remake so obviously there are talks going on
plus it's not like Square hasn't rereleased things on Nintendo's stuff. SMRPG and FF6 were on the SNES Classic, for instance
How many more years do you think the Switch will remain as the main system? Is it possible they split the hybrid element into two systems?
i mean you say that, but all the KH games are on PS+
oh yeah some DQ games are also on PS+
Arent there also 2d platforming mini sections in this gane
I mostly define 2/3d how you move in the world
Was Yoshi a bitch again or did they spare you?
I think this was a nice detail when I looked this up but, this Link is voiced by the same person who voiced him in Link Between Worlds seeing how they're similar incarnations.
Is there somewhere to replenish arrows/bombs in batches?
You go back twice to the restock room and the batch is 10 each. TLDR: it's 20
are you moving a bit forward before you dash?
This honestly shouldn't be in the run tbh
Should I post the vod from Twitter?
i agree with the hookshot trick is glitchless but not this
Skewing is precise angling and feels like a skill, Bomb Boosting is never required or done in normal gameplay nor would a normal person try it.
Help, my coworker's roasting me cuz my passcode for the register's 6-9-6-9
I would say that is a terrible password, easy to remember.
i think bomb boosting is fine but not when you throw it through a well
idk how they don't acknowledge OoT Bomb Boosting a glitch but LAS is glitchless... phanto274Thonk
You're actually making the bomb float in the air. How is that not considered a glitch when it floats against gravity?
That shouldn't part of that run anyways if that's something people have to start to do when learning this game.
Y'know it took me a while to realize this but, Wind Waker has you assembling the Triforce of Courage like Z1
I thought those were called Triumph Forks. I remember being told to get the magical utensils known as the Triumph Forks.
Not a secret anymore, I know now!
Also, I beat OoT 3D and can I just say... TotK and BotW are super grindy
And No, I replayed OoT because I wanted to see why people stick to the older games and I see few of the issues of many, that other people see with those games
they knew what to do with the limitations
we still have limitations and they put stuff out like modern pokemon
Tbf I understand grinding in BotW as that was more of a, "scavenge to survive" deal and there were some work arounds... but in TotK, it doesn't need to be another grind fest
Like if you look at the Dragon Parts alone in TotK everytime you want a part from them, you need to wait 10 MINUTES to get a different or same part. (Assuming you're going for 1 of each part for every dragon in the game and they have four parts each that are part of the 10 minute rule... That's 2 hours.)
They made it worse on purpose in TotK
So in order to get by the game fast and bypass the grinding... I went back to 1.0.0 so I don't need to grind as much but that just shows one of the many flaws
I want to be able to take breaks and touch grass
Yoo Phantom! phanto274BLANKIES how is your day going? str9ngLove
is the short one like 5ft
are you gonna make raven play pape rando?
I have already played it on my own emu's just suck dick lol
the custom pj64 actually  doesn't feel bad
Yo Phantom, gl on the run!
I can see it but it's stretched
It looks fine to me with BGI though
Oh I see it now, was too small on my screen before
I haven't played around with my tink enough to know what might help Sadge
I have returned after working with Nintendo support to get a save data I accidentally deleted lololol
Did a rando with your settings and finished in about 2:30 (forgot to start timer lol)
hey phantom! how have runs been today monadoDayzee
you play zelda games, you could do classic legend of zelda
Yeah NES and SNES use the same aspect ratio
The Zelda II track that has been immortalized by Smash phanto274Smile
Just to double check, have you tried unplugging it and plugging it back in?
You think an NES game has enough memory to remember what you killed? LUL
You know what, kinda fair bc that's how I feel about SM64
Thank you to Phantom's s-video cable for the channel point redemption on today's TTYD run
The GOAT playing my favorite game, nice
gl hf on the run madcap4Bongo
someone called ttyd's soundtrack mid and I'm like, do your ears work, mate???
or prac or both / all at once
that sounds like "imagine being able to renember that food is important" PrideLaugh
that was me about an hour ago
@buff00n sounds like they need hearing aids to me
i mean, 64's action commands are ridiculous lol
I learned about Superguard by accidently hitting B when trying to guard
i did not know that! i thought they were at least 2 frames
honestly I feel like the action commands are fine, just 30 to 60fps jump be like
bc it essentially halves all your timing windows
superguard being 3frame over power bounce 1frame sounda WAY easier in comparison not gonna lie
cus most of the time you're also not hitting a chain of superguards in a row
At long last we shall open the door and conquer the land!
gotta say though: touched a MMR S4 seed which was goooated today (as the first S4 seed for me there)
though I also omegalucked into the god route KEKW
imagine going into a frickin 2 check region which is kinda far away over bigger density
AND it falling all into place from there
and like - I already know 100% certainty that other S4 seeds will just take longer due to not being as free for the taking
to be fair, it DOES do a good job at tutoring
HOWEVER it does NOT teach the slot rules well
shoulda taught the effects of the things imo
it does try to make sure that a 1st timer does read it yea
where OoT Owl is even better in the fact you cant spam really cus b = confirm
whoever thought that makes sense KEKW
the spike goomba jumped ONTO the block 
how's the run been so far
i remember that being an issue for me when i played awhile ago lmao
goombas fucking schmove in this game
for the longest time, i thought the bandaid on koops nose was his actual nose, i cant unsee it
i've definitely thought about playing this category in races, it looks pretty fun
this makes me want to dust off my game cube and play it again
don't know when or if i'll do that tho
blows my mind how fast enemies are early game
and then after that they're like stuck in mud
god i forgot about dry bones too
5 dollar time loss let's go
does that make her move a pixel faster?
It's only for a couple frames iirc
ya but over an 8 hour run lol
That's why jumping is more efficient
for the link to the past run, with pumping you save roughly 10-12 seconds over the entire hour run
Phantom5800: All you have to do is wiggle the stick
Also @morpheus080 idk if you're still here, but if you actually want to race this category, the ttyd community does races semi-consistently.
i keep expecting you to spin
to make like an full course meal
Also it looks like you're jumping a little early some of the time. You can also straighten the stick a little left/right before you jump if you're fast
When I started out running gless, I was getting good 8-9 bounces, and now I'm consistent getting like 6 NotLikeThis
You can also 2 bar earth tremor if you're missing a fire flower for whatever reason, and the only important badge to double check is mega rush P
Can I spend another 500 bits to see her take a shower?
Cleft boots are heavy, goombas don't have that added weight
yeah had no idea how to do that but now i do
The train mystery is my favorite
Tbh chapter 2 is super satisfying when it goes right. It just never does.
we're in go mode for chapter 7
Dw there's a blue key in a few rooms
Yeah use the orb, then take it out and immediately shuffle back and forth
You wanna lose the punis yeah
Also remember to grab thunder rage
punies don't follow directions super well
Actually, they don't follow ANYTHING super well
Wow that yux was drifting pretty far LUL
is he supposed to have 91 lol
You can jump down so that the piranha doesn't show up to your right
this is my favorite paper mario in artwork rating
the punies are one the reasons why i dont like this chapter lol
I love chapter 2 visually but MAN
I dislike the going back and forth along with my lack of tolerance for these punies
nah that's chapter 4 for me because the backtracking is so dumb
Punies in the cage, where they belong
glitzville scared the shit out of me as a kid cause of the ice land music text music
i prefer chapters 3 and 5
Me when I try to break the machine in ch6 (64)
For fights with conditions like that, you can just run to reset the condition
There are a couple conditions that you derank if you run, but that's like "take damage 5 times"
Also buying earthquakes CAN help with garbage conditions, but it's a real mixed bag
I got into the habit of selling extra badges and buying 3 of them LUL
Mostly for magikoopas and hammer bros
But those fights can also just go completely fine
It's worth it if you're out of options
You either get it or you don't
Irrc gale force is 30% on koopinator too
So if you get don't attack with Mario that's also viable
On the bottom right of the platform there is an area he won't follow you, but it's pretty small
He stomps on the 4th foot move
Spin jump is only needed if koops dies
yoo phantom long time no sea
and you wanted to comit puni genocide
Okay, I'm back, I forgot to ask, why are you putting yourself through this? Did you lose a bet?
i got sub 7 on run 2 or 3 i think
you'll get it in no time
run 1 was about 9 hours too
It took me like 5 or 6 finished runs to sub 7, but this was also my first speed game
Also, hammering and jumping makes the security guard come out later
yeah, you wanna just walk near the wall the bed is behind, then walk back to the door and it'll open
fair enough. i didnt know the depths of the hand pain so i went in on jp
no, i just thought i'd be playing longer lmao
the glitches are actually so hard in this game
and everything is run ending it feels like
And palace skip, at the very end, is one of the most punishing things to mess up
i was down to play gless, but i just cant do a 6.5 hour run
Yeah, my hands can't handle doing gless super consistently either, I feel you there
my hands and just committing 6.5 hours to a single run. i don't have that kinda time super often
there's been talk of text turbo being allowed, but i don't think it'll ever really happen
I'd play again tomorrow with turbo
this fight right here convinced me to quit
Yeah, turbo is a slippery slope, like how do you make sure it's not being used for anything but text. I also would really like turbo
You gotta guard if you want them to not steal
as long as you don't level on rawk hawk it doesn't matter thaaaaat much
OHH I get it, you got no items huh? I got an ad so I didn't see
Darn, guess you can't use one on koopatrol now Kappa
dont you even start with that
Hey, it saved a run once
I started with that route until someone was like "my guy, do not do this to yourself"
Equip doesn't happen til major league
Ohhhh you're supposed to equip multi bounce in petalburg when you get mega rush p
Huh, it used to be in the route there, but I haven't looked at the most recent route for like a year
Wack, I'll ask vynneve to change it
it's true, the route never says to equip it
its hard to go fast, but if you take it slow its not bad
i dont even remember which color is optimal in gless anymore
hammers mean he literally never come sout
Green is guaranteed if you get it after bobombs, yeah
if you do it then you'll get green yeah
I feel like thats not always when it's gotten
you can just jump on them, that counts as a damage
getting bad conditions on some of these fights just made me reset my runs
couldn't just earth tremor them to death when you got "don't jump"? earth tremor is a cheat code for these fights
you can not have mario cause damage when that condition his, so you can not tremor
the issue becomes when the game forces you to use your star power, then gives you a condition that makes you want to use it
ch2 and 3 are just so much worse than the rest of the game
theres a softlock there in jp
if you don't wind up enough it just softlocks
Mkay I pinged vynneve about the multibounce equip, thanks for noticing that
you can just get some of the last few fights out of order, and there's nothing you can do about it but adjust as needed
iirc there's only a couple orders that fuck you up
I think a fight can only shift by 2 spots, but I could be wrong
major league is the fuckin worst dude
and now you failed the condition so you get demoted too
chapter 3 is where happiness goes to die
love that on top of the rest of the rng, sometimes they have items too
ya magikoopa and hammer brothers i feel like you always get bad conditions
i just thought you called my name then remember oh wait u don't know my real name  OMEGALUL
@buff00n we know your real name
ya if you have fp you just need to 4 bounce twice
ya that part is confusing lol
the worst is that once you get a run with a decent ch3, you can basically never accept anything less again
i just got a add for McDonald and now I'm hungry
TTYD doesn't want you to have nice things
you don't have to superguard unless he jumps on mario
put parnter in front, 75% chance he attacks partner
do your best i'm sure it'll go well
you can pause during the turning-sideways animation to make it instantly finish
so ya, just put your partner in front here, and you don't have to superguard unless he jumps on mario
you can just poewr bounce to kill
unless you have no life shrooms
fair enough. quick fight to get to anyways
5 if you used your ice storm
I've lost so many life shrooms to him
Boat is fast as long as you talk to EVERYONE in the right order
Bowser ground pound is questionable at best
There is TTYD store demo where you can get game over on the bowser stages
fuck courage shell strat, i just boo sheet and buy an extra in ch 6
it stops you from having to get the shell too, which is almost always an encounter or 2
sell it pre-6 if you're low on coins so you have enough for the sheet
yeah, ch3 pretty much sets you for life
yeah, that's still a thing in 100%
now you just get cheeky with the casino lol
i believe in my current pb on src i do the minigame in the casino for like 3 minutes by accident
yep can confirm, did tube game
lost about 2 minutes to running tube game. got 0 blue coins out of it
i also appear to have lost 5 minutes to golds in ch3 because of course i did
yep. one good ch3 curses you for life
they were scared of the murder fires maybe
man, imagine if partners could use items in pape
imagine if you couldn't just game over from overworld stuff in this game
GHS and water coming up fast :)
that fuzzy breaks and gets stuck sometimes
fun fact: fuzzies are way harder to dodge on JP because they don't actually follow mario
my biggest advice for GHE is make sure you H O L D the a button when you jump. tapping doesn't give you enough air
its cool thats the validation star piece
no its the opposite imo. everyhting is so spread out in this game
pape is so much more dense
you just ran like 3-4 screens that had like 2 whole checks
the weirdest part is how little is required to complete most chapters. it's like a key and a partner
May we take a moment to appreciate the fact that this baby Yoshi, born no more than 2 hours ago, is carrying 2 grown men, and not only that, is faster than either of those men on their own.
you need to be all the way at the top for one thing
yeah, you need speed to make the jump
so you can just release the control stick before you pause
you have to let go of right before you pause, then hold down during the pause i think?
then hold down out of the pause menu
there you go, nice and easy. just remember to hold A
ya also if you do it further to the right its easier, jumping onto the boat panel is an extra frame easier
ya just a tiny bit further to the right
its hard unitl you get it, then you have no clue why it was ever hard
once the shadow disappears you're far enough down
if only cannon jumps were that easy
i love that doing GHE doesnt even let you use the gate handle
you have to be on yoshi to avoid this fight
you might need to tremor this fight, i dont know how your item situation is
art attack is better i think
this games 60 fps looks so weird after playing pape for so long
yeahhhh, fuck tutorials in this game
pape 64's cutscenes and menuing spoil us
no, the hurt is from the text mashing
if you hold paper mode before going through that door you can skip this fight
correct choice imo, being at 1 in here is 3spooky
the action commands on cortez are so hard for no reason
it eats it most at the apex, let it start to drop a little bit before you hit A
and now you manip'd peril for cortez, perfect
now just wait until you die post cortez to platforming
action commands on this fight are awful
especially phase 3 when he's a mile away
Why not use the heart box
tbh it should be in the route as a tip for beginners ya
at least the crump fight is free
so you can't die to platforming
Do you like the first one better than this one
but 64 blows ttyd away for speed gaming
as soon as i get my new gc controller lol
mark taught me black toad skip and log skip the other day
probably gonna learn other categories eventually tho lol
nah i think im gonna use the old route first
guarding the giant ball attak is a nightmare
is post chapter 4 gourmet guy?
im reporting this stream for nudity
i would but it would kick me off the stream
phantom, how would you feel about a controller adapter that enabled turbo on a gamecube controller for text mashing? zfgThink
cause I think I figured out how to make one
gonna have to relearn c++ tho butter15Yeshoney
then we convince ttyd community to allow it
then we can all suffer ch3 conditions together!
but yeah, basically it'd be reworking some ESS adapter code
would the adapter be installed inside the controller?
well what I'd make to test would basically be a spliced extension cable
but it could be enabled in a lot of ways
or you could solder on a different button
I'd probably hard-code something to prototype, but I mean, yeah with custom code you could customize it however you want
tbh if I make this, I might run this game regardless of whether it's allowed on the leaderboard LUL
I feel like I'd at least give it some gos too jcog
you mean you don't want to hold a specific analog angle and jump frame-perfectly???
I don't know this game that well tbh, that's the I love you text, right? KEKW
ok, was worried for a sec my joke made no sense LUL
time to say i love you one hundred times
i wonder if sway ever did a run of i love you %
it's true, ive always kept it to like 40 max myself
my dumbass just realized thats why he doesnt refund if there's 100 redemptions kekw
imagine if this text box was the reason they removed B for text
i thought it was don pinata until like last year
this chapter is great exactly one time
and then its just so, so tedious
its mostly just that its running back and forth over 3 screens for like 25 minutes
This chapter makes me want some beef stew
This game is a lot of reading to be fair
Would a TTYD randomizer be a good idea?
If someone made a super solid one ysa
There's an item shuffler and loading zone randomizer rn
It would be hella long for sure
Eh not if you are running with glitches
Idek if it's possible glitchless tbh
i have no idea how a ttyd rando would work tbh
the key item situation is very different than most rando games
Well everything is sequence based in ttyd
would you have the whole glitz pit every time?
a lot of stuff is walking back and forth in the same few screens normally
So even if you had say the train ticket right
If you're in a chapter 2 sequence you can't ride the train
halfway through glitz gives you a partner and hammer upgrade too
that stuff could be reworked memes
I was just thinking of how tedious it sounded, yeah lol
like, you *could* make a rando of ttyd but i dont think it lends itself super well to one
I feel like it'd be decently easy to do a any% rando
like, is the whole rando gonna just be a bunch of keys for locks?
Well partners, hammer upgrades, train ticket blimp ticket
supposedly the guy who made the superstar saga rando was interested?
Bro imagine the fucking riddle tower keys in a rando
that's what icebound said in the rando discord
you just jumped over the last cog
yeah i did not think you could skip a cog?
game can handle 100 punies but not a few sheets of paper
I love the lag spikes in this game
apparently code implies there was supposed to be a shadow siren fight or something here
3 goomba fights are much more challenging than a boss fight
you can tap B when mario is doing the spinny around the pipe animation to make it stop immediately i think
Yo I didn't know that free timesave
was that your attempt at speed swaps?
Man chapter 6 is such a slow chapter
Always grateful for it during the gless run but Jesus
if mario hadn't been on the train, were all these people gonna just starve to death?
Nah they'd get blown up by the slime
doopliss was gonna have a sticky explosion
Unless you miss an action command
by killing all the stuff it skips his turn i think
@JCog why you gotta do justin like that when he isn't even here
it's okay, I'd say it to his face :)
good call, heck justin   
Mario: "It's too early in the MORNING to have to beat something's ASS"
also pretty sure I died here in my glitchless run, so really I have no room to talk NiceSoftlock
action commands in this game are just super hard
my english copy is scratched Sadge
You're telling me you don't know how to read Japanese
my english copy disappeared along with all my other gcn games, thanks mom :(
my mom threw out my gcn games and pokemon cards when i left for college. but not my mtg cards or my n64 games or any consoles
no clue, she claims to not even remember doing so
About half my Wii games disappeared while I was at college, no one knows where they went
I grabbed all the nintendo stuff when I moved out. luckily my brother didn't seem to care jcogSip
he was mostly just playing call of duty and stuff at the time I think KEKW
16 minute gold on a section where you don't do anything?
mmmm 10 minutes of cutscenes, thats the good stuff
riddle tower your first time takes forever
especially if you try and do the unspin jump for a while
I forget, can you break them with fire breath?
its fastest to break the 3rd one
because the taking damage animation takes forever
Nintendo really looked at the Bowser sections from this game and went "We should make a whole game out of this" and we got SPM
you knwo what time it is boys and girls
that's right, the hunt for general white!
oh right, we gotta get kitted out
the moon can eat my ass
laser shooting dudes when you try to break the rocks
the moving floor puzzle is real hard
people do not understand how hard it is to do quickly
"The moon can eat my ass" what a line
i'm feeling spicy after my race win today singman
which btw that seed was assss
ch7 barren except record which had frying pan which had red key
the new rules helped me out, never had to fight laki for pulse stone
Not having to watch that cutscene is so nice
esp with how absolutely free the trick is
you have like exactly enough coins here
wait is that ring in a different spot in english??????????
im out here doing sping jump bullshit
we are coming up on the best Definitely Not a Glitch part of the run eventually though
because SSS is not a glitch
I'd say puni glitches are the funniest not a glitch thing in gless
it is, in fact, a jump
there is nothing funny about punis
shadow siren skip is just like avoiding any other encounter
get that puni apologist bs outta here
If you just jump they chill
Until they decide they don't want to go down the pipe
yeah good thing they always work perfectly
pipe? what pipe. they don't see no pipe
I mean if they always worked perfectly it'd be worse tbh
Have to drag em all through chapter 2
just with Fun and Extra Steps
Get to avoid a couple spiders
making the one spider dizzy so it's less scary is my favorite part
I love hitting the invisible block
Bro he's literally taking a nap in his house rn
Did we even bother checking his house
See what if you just started in poshly and ran into him on his way
Wait he doesn't go to poshly
but there no one that want to work on it
I'd love a ttyd rando man
Idk how to make that though
Dude I always forget how long this sequence actually is
It's like 7-8 minutes of fucking walking
It is just a well timed jump while holding the perfect angle
the HRG in ch8 is also hilarious
it gets to be allowed because it isn't TECHNICALLY frame perfect lmao
i wanna be blown in a cannon
i was just saying the opposite of what you said
That would be getting sucked in a cannon though
what about getting blown while being sucked in a cannon
Go 3 screens to the right and blow up the rock up-right to reveal the pipe Take the pipe to the background to get to X-Naut Fortres
it says that in the route
xnaut fortress music aka enjoy the anxiety nerd
technically would be banned in 64 lol
reading the note does, yeah lol
they read the note in glitched runs to update sequence
thats why TRE is a trick actually
they do TRE just to come read the note to be in ch7 state
is there actually nothing else you can do in that state to update your sequence?
it's the fastest way to get ch7 state without a fight
I think it is really the only way
Game crashes if you go to do anything without doing it I believe
You couldn't win any fights at that point anyways
Anything in chapter 7 at least
You can beat magnus pretty easily after chapter 1 tbh
With whatever the defense drop thing is on turn 2
mega rush p is a hell of a drug
1 mega rush p yea lmao
yeah you can not do that
don't worry, he's as scared of you as you are of him
I don't think the yuxes have a conscious
gotta be full speed running to make it
this boss fight is so funny
its chapter 7, the last main chapter, hes the leader of the bad guys, this is their moon base
someone convince me to get groceries and not just get TacoBell for the third day in a row
But you want the taco bell
Taco Bell is better for your mental health
Get groceries and then reward yourself with taco bell
that will decide if you should just get tbell
well the last two days it was the crispy chicken tacos
but I'd probably get the grilled cheese burrito combo this time
mid. get some groceries, reward self with cheesy gorditta crunch
idk, have you tried that burrito?
I don't think I've had pizza hut in over a decade lol
Yeah the grilled cheese burrito is great
I had it like a few weeks ago
yes prepped food = good, but being able to snacc pixels64Love
Chicken is actually so good from pizza hut
and that snacc not always costin ya moneys
well - not at the time of eating anyway
you could also get groceries to MAKE the snack
Meanwhile here I am having enchiladas for dinner KEKW
well do the part you're supposed to at least
Just do palace skip and then back track and do the stuff you skipped
if you do palace skip then SSS isn't in glitchless any more
Palace skip is really just getting on yoshi perfectly after talking to goombella perfectly
Yea you can literally just jump around their trigger lmao
I'm either too dumb or I'm not at that part specifically KEKW
you just hop right up over the trigger
Skipping em is really ez too
Mario is tired he needs a 5 minute breather
Interesting that Yoshi can't tank the spikes, guess he's still too small
I moreso would honestly wish for a shadow remainer
so you can see where you stepped wrong
also that moment when the floor is the bigger enemy KEKW
if you get on yoshi and hover at the start, then run into the fire bar it spawns you in the middle
but only when you first enter the room
Not enough items for palace skip anymore NotLikeThis
They did this thing again, huh?
Just hop on the dragon homie
When I was 8 years old I walked around this part for a good hour at least
Well that certainly was a fight
Do you not need that shooting star
Let go of r and hit a right after
then release R and hit a 1 frame later
the hold a direction part is often not made clear, it's v important
Yea you can't unspin jump if you're not moving
Lost a lot of time on my first run cause I didn't know i needed to hold a direction lmao
agreed, paper mode ending is a good meme
and its easy to do, just hold R during the cutscene
Nooo you're supposed to use Vivian to get the block to come out
counting misses on these keys is a great pasttime
In any% no palace skip I'm pretty sure you have to enter all these keys without accidentally jumping
2 people have done it I think
yeah, make sure you hold A
Line it up in paper mode
I have no idea what you guys are talking about but SeemsGood
Can't do paper mode on the slope
Right in the middle of the post
you wanna be lined up witht he post
Uhhh should be good I usually use the end of his hat
Ya you gotta go hard up then A
It takes a couple tries to get used to it
you have the extra boo sheet?
It's a very easy trick once you get it once though
yeah, this and GHE are both way harder the first time
you telling me that allowed  in glitchless
SSS and GHE are both just jumps
dooppliss got a trunk in da back
Yea if his shadow is gone you're good
shadow gone is a good indicator for this game
Life shroom in that box goo
pretty sure sway can do a bunch of boings and break the game
Not a glitch just drop yoshi out of bounds and do a couple boings
Gotta shoot bobberys bombs well enough
yeah, don't beef the bomb squad
You don't need to superguard it
hit him with the shooting star
I think he has like 60 or 70
Tbh shadow queen isn't too bad
yeah you shouldnt need one on her
Closer to like 10 if you count both
i think there's about 12 total minutes of not fighting
Oh yeah the Peach spirit bomb
At least we don't end after credits anymore
epilogue mash is incredible. just slap those buttons for more than 6 minutes straight
Like an additional 4 minutes of literally nothing
Literally a 20 second scene just for "Brother the sky it's"
careful, they sky will get you
we should use vivian in this fight
because she looks kinda like the shadow queen, so that will spook her
I remember when I first scene this boss, I was like let get like bowsers cousin or somethin cmon man
then vivian can giggle about it
It would be funny if they made Vivian actually betray mario on the final fight
i couldn't beat this boss as a kid, i eventually gave up because i was tired of watching this cutscene over and over
And join shadow queen with her sisters
and casually this boss is *hard*
As a kid I only upgraded hp
Couldn't equip badges or use fp
The game over restart is brutal
Wanna aim where the hands and her body will be usually
the goal is to get the bombs to trigger several star hits
was there? i thought there were 2
even if its 2, using a boo sheet here is fine
Can jump on the hand too
Not for the main one though
bounce 6, bounce 5, jumpx1 unless she spams heal i think
Bro you are not losing 2 hours
I only spent 2 hours doing it on my first run
And 2 rage quits to it
I say if you wanna ever start running glitched categories in this game start with defeat gloomtail%
oh this definitely feels like it
i think this one is 4 minutes or so
ITS A STORY YOU PARTY POOPERS
Maybe if you stopped skipping the text and read it
Dude it'd be like a 40 minute end custscenes if you actually read everything
what if instead of mashing we held hands and read the text audiob2Pride
Even as a causal that'd suck ass
what if we brought the gamecube into the bathroom and played on the loo
uhhh i think you die now
Good thing we aren't on jp
the repel cape clutching it out
1 star point for that?? Madge
Losing time on epilogue NotLikeThis reset
the trick is to always get here at level 9 because fog can spawn pre-10 i think?
I think it was on dark bones
hold your controller to the mic, let us enjoy the clackity click
Mash fast now or we lose pb pace
NOOOO I came way to late to watch the stream
Don't worry gino he's doing another run
only 49 minutes to save until you can quit this game forever
oh its pickin up while you're talkin though
Yea my goal is still sub 7 in gless I fucking hate gless though
plus spots to easily save 49 minutes
Oh well, in that case thanks for the info,  looking foward to them
saved 30 minutes in chapter 6, chapter 7, and chapter 8 lol
See you say easily until you start making stupid fucking mistakes
until chapter 3 just fucks with you forever****
damn, just catchin hella strays tonight
whats the point if they dont kiss
JUST WHEN YOU THINK ITS DONE
i got a 6:39 so there's no way you can't sub 7
Not like we didn't revisit all these places when hunting for the silver Bob dude
We need Goomba to do it too
Baby Mario was made in that cut scene
i was off a little, it took me 6 finished runs to get 6:39, so 5 for sub 7 i think
A lot of it comes down to not wanting to just die after reaching chapter 5
and not wanting to self die in ch2 or ch3
I remember watching Joe do chapter 5 and dying
no reason not to buffer tbh
started after lunch, skipped dinner entirely
Next Wednesday and Thursday ttyd glundo
glundo isnt even really longer than his previous run
Well then time to watch the VOD phanto274Shrug , thanks for the stream peepoWave
yeah well this run has to fight amazee dayzees for 50 minutes
i am late due to twitch mobile
I'm glad to catch this from the beginning. GL. Hope it's not cursed
Oh gosh, just realizing I haven't actually seen chuck's quizzes in a while
One 9f my kids is learning to ride a bike this week. So far so good
I see you already found your trump card. Kappa
It was day 1 of 5 today, but she made it through half of the levels. So I am optimistic she'll finally get it
Do you have to finish chap 6 then?
Power star in top right of tracker?
Is it just 16 to win
Yeah the tracker just loads the required count
I was going to add a like full count under it but it looked bad
At least it isn't including shrubs
Headcanon: star pieces are power stars that were broken by Kammy Koopa.
I like low number of power stars. It is interesting but you still get other decent items too
@grover53 I'm pretty sure if you add coinsanity it will prioritize overwriting coins now. So high power star and coinsanity could be a good balance
How have you not restarted a new seed
Time to play everybody's favorite game
Ooh! I have toyed around with idea of figuring out how to play randomizer, but I only have access to the switch version since I couldn't figure out project64 @mythicfrog
how long intill cooking is randomized kappa
@555forfaiz oh god please no, we already have the koopa village tracker menu being massive, we dont need 50 more options on toad town
Now to play everybody's 2nd favorite game: where's Koot's wallet
at least you havent had super boots for long
Time to go on a star piece quest
Sorry I stepped away for a moment Riki grabbed my jacket
How has the rando been thus far?
Nah I would be concerned too
At least you have some stinky herb
Did they make it so you can see the panels easier?
maybe stinky herb is kinda minty and you can make a mojito
You can never have enough lime
who tf cares is my answer
ive been fighting with the guy over it for 20 minutes
I made a mistake, I'm helping my mum's friend move
@buff00n are you getting paid for it?
literally cannot be me watching ads
Nice to finally catch a stream! Your vids have been quite helpful in learning to rando.
someone page the king of assholes?
I could, but I was (unfortunately) raised better
what game should i make you speedrun btw
Wow Rigby's been around for a whole year
ooh, we're loving these subs / re-subs
Speaking of Smash, one my mods gave HungryBox a shoutout and I had to tell them "hey you do know that like.. goes to their activity log, they can see that." So my mod scurried to ban Hungrybox with the reason "clutch yourself out of this one." He was promptly unbanned after the stream, but I have to admit it made me laugh way harder than it needed to.
why not Hello Kitty Rescue Adventure
I'm sitting on 394K, but Phantom dislikes most the games I like
I want a blue berry! orange188Wow
oh the game item not the food
Why is there no oranges in this game
good thing you can do most mod stuff from the normal page
No other fruit needs to exist. We have melon. Kappa
coconut - ran a seed with like 18 of them last night
I don't like sand, it's coarse, rough, irritating, and gets everywhere
@pitman920 what did you do with them?
while we are on the topic of fruit, its gotta be like impossible to eat a whole, uncut mango in one sitting
so it will be really easy to avoid laki
@x_the_g00n_x that reminded me i need to cut up a squash, thanks
i didnt even know squash was edible
tastes kinda bad ngl but its for a lizard and he loves it so *shrug*
getting pokemon sleep as a beta
i want the funny sleep app :(
Pokemon will do anything these days istg
except make a GOOD DIAMOND AND PEARL REMAKE I'VE WAITED MY ENTIRE LIFE FOR AND WILL NEVER SEE IN MY ENTIRE LIFE
Yoo Phantom! Good luck today! phanto274Mash phanto274GL
They didnt even include platinum man I will never not be salty about that
So are all the partners vanilla?
Origami king confirms that bob-ombs die when exploding which leads me to believe there are infinite bombettes
@x_the_g00n_x I refuse to believe that's canon. LUL
hey bob-ombs are often portrayed as produced in factories so its not too far-fetched
Yeah, I guess so. But with that logic, Bob-ombs can't have families. They just... produce them in a factory.
he would only answer them if quzzimo was also randomized kappa
alright time for a new banned flag Kappa
But the rando exclusive questions, phantom!
I remember the dark days before skipping ch 8 and that quiz was randomized
What's the worst that can happen? Kappa
How did it go, Bot? LUL
so well they got amnesia Kappa
You know what Paper Mario needs, a toggle for Mario to T-Pose and establish dominance.
Yea but I need it Mario facing forwards, and him wearing the "by all means necessary" jacket.
and maybe him smoking a big weed
yo i'm here for big weed
paperLurk gl on the seed pixels64Love
hope you're well, heat's not an issue :D
oh hey i know that feeling from MMR KEKW
I mean he could just take your kneecaps instead
the game be like "I only hear mail, YOU BETTER LIKE IT!" *slams mail bag on the ground* PrideLaugh
we love voice acted rando PrideLaugh
mail will be the next check after mount rugged probably
imma assume btw (cus unsure) that the icons above the items bit of tracker are the checkpools?
pixels64Love better then at the bottom for sure
yeah didnt know gombario was, shows up like 2 minutes late
That'd more than a quarter billion
so how many of those are in shops now KEKW
so 25% of the goal 
all things considered if I get right how much is shuffled, thats wiiiild
ohhh prog difficulty on key items get
yea all I know about that setting is that while its fun its bruuutal if you dont get good kits early but a ton of items which could potentially be useful
or know what you'd be doing in fights
its definitely the feels like moment yea
cus everything prior to like ch4 / 5 diff upwards, you can potentially just steamroll without much of a hassle
They never said no sushie glitch
i see nothing out of the ordinary
based on your partners i guess my vote didn't win lol
i think sushie was the lowest pick
wow almost nobody joined me lol
we all knew laki was gonna win
Oh shit, I forgot to say this, congratulations on 1k following on Twitch!! <3 <3
Not even the best game Link's Awakening
i got a 1:07 watching 3 runs of it
Is there no good trades for the star pieces?
i'm downloading ps3 games right now.... legally
Phantom5800: I'm going to kill these children also
Wish I could sell a few strands of dried pasta for 4 dollars
Is there an equivalent to all locations reachable in pape like ootr
so then the toy train has to be somewhere reachable guaranteed?
You don't even have Laki OMEGALUL
The top 2 characters to ban are the only ones you don't have KEKW
the seed listened and locked out of the checks needed
Anyway, how's the seed treating you so far?
"I'm doing it for the experience and the money" - Everyone's first job
Do you already know where stuff is somehow? Spoiler log?
Oh, I didn't realize that was an option
Your name, John Metroid, your mission, recover all the oil from the planet for America
might as well get laki well you are here kappa
oh what are these rules? You're up in star haven with.... 1 star?
ohh, so similar to that one time you did the 120 power stars?
he had to set up for perfect lethal
bowser super star fight take 2
what game is the bot playing kappa
I want to know which game the blanket and sucker are from
No Mega Rush on that one, I guess?
Oh okay, I just expected D-Down to do WAY more
Just don't forget Desert if you do coins and ch2 gets picked
i've always liked that ending where Jr Trooper fits Kammy. Just shows how far he's gotten in the span of the game
Don't need to worry too much about throwing them away either, you can pick up and hold on to all 8
I was going to say... lol
Also not guaranteed a way to kill ch8 Jr quickly though
Checking sphere 0 before sphere 1 didn't pay off Sadge
I heard if you equip FX badge C first
So the 3 best partners are the 3 best partners? Shocker
Desert is sphere 1, I think Ruins is too iirc
Just FYI if you didn't know you can use a Volt Shroom to make a Life Shroom
There's fucking sand in your shoes now
I have this feeling that we have  found the dark lord already
Talk about archeology! There is so much buried in the sand in ruins LUL
25% chapter 7 is low scaled.
I shudder to think what happened to Laki this seed
Is he poisoned green or normal?
and super boots break yellow blocks LUL
who needs Kooper when you can just use Goombario to sushie surf through Kappa
they should add berries to the palette swap for extra confusion
do you jusr spin holding left?
bro i miss that jump all the time too lol
You can even walk off I believe
There might also be a certain z-axis requirement, not sure
I feel like I missed s9mething important with the spin not jump
Time to FC Palace without being able to finish YEP
You're in go mode now if you cheat hard enough
Still probably not on pace for a 1:3x though
Only item right now you'd even want is Pyramid Stone, right? Plus maybe badges?
You think you have enough Repel Gels? I'm worried you're going to run out before ch8...
So will you even really need the extra HP with that in mind? It'd help for sure but is it necessary?
how many items can be held? i thought it was 10 for some reason
oh - is there even a limit in rando? sure doesn't look like it :)
Just wondering: is there a random extra monitor I could bum a day or 2 or should I send my monitors priority
I just need one that functions so that's good enough for me lol
Pc should get there same day as me tho
@RavenFP I'm 40 hours into trails into reverie already
I haven't bought it yet, I need to play azure
Been trying to stay as far away as possible from it
that would be an interesting seed
hopefully its bombette and not the pit phanto274Bless
i mean since 4th key was in ch1 it was in logic as soon as you got 3rd key right
a bad idea but do it anyway
how does he always get away with it NotLikeThis
How goes the runs today phantom
I had some really good homemade chicken today, used some Panko bread crumbs and it had a really nice crunch
i was about to click it
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat, am here on time 
I tried applying to saars but their application page didn't list the seattle or even the tacoma location that the site lists lol
It's like the same distance as safeway except you go right instead of straight
It's in that chunk right under castillos
I would just like apply to that cornerstore but they have no online apps I can find
Cause that'd be really fucking easy lol
Also I can't find a qcf closeby you while googling that
maybe maps is just being dumb then
And there's a target there too so I'll hit both
Phantom, we were all wrong for the last 22 years. Quake 1 is wrong, the correct way to say it is "Quakel".
Oh is there a bus that runs up there too or is it only walking
Google is showing a busline but idk if it's accurate
Do you like this game more as a speedrun?
I mean if it works and I don't have to walk esp at night I'll plan around it lol
You'll just have to show me how to actually function around bus stops I'm sure it's not complicated but I've just never lived near them lol
i like how the mafia is just back there beating the people up lol
POGGIES Im in time for this run,
that food in the food channel looks so good Kreygasm
Me rethinking my, I don't want to be a breadwinner, plan
Want to come be my housewife LUL
I've moved every like year or two for like.... 8 years?
thankfully not moving this year but probably next
so I'll keep the streak up lol
I'm lucky to live in a place where housing supply exceeds the demand
I told my dad though that once I leave here I'm probably leaving most of my furniture here
Because it's just not worth it to hire movers and drive a moving truck
I'll just buy a cheap bedroom set from IKEA
I want to move, but I still have no job, enough money or place planned to move SadgeBusiness
okay it is anime time so i will be lurking
but I am cheering you on phanto274Bless
TTYD Tutorials are hell, one of the bad things about this game
Y'know someone probably saw parakarry at the intro and thought, "Oh boy, I can't wait to have parakarry as a partner again!"
THOUSAND YEAR DOOR STREAM!?!?! Let's GO!
Phantom is my favorite background noise, best sleep I ever get is when I have his youtube videos on!
Doesn't every female character in this game?
Time for Mario to get robbed
hows my gamecube treating ya lol
Probably already said this, but do you plan on speedrunning Mario RPG when it comes out?
Yeah the spin was godlike movement,  sometimes it feels slow papeHands
I'd be down to watch a causal play through
im 100% doing a casual playthrough as soon as it drops and 99% gonna run it
I never played the OG version of Mario RPG, so I'm pretty hyped for it
it's already gonna not be, cause surely mack skip and spell swap glitch wont exist
but yea if its broken in its own way thats bonus
For the new Mario RPG I just want they add more content, like more Super Bosses from Final Fantasy
there's a video that shows mario rpg vs like, bosses from romancing saga or something (another square game) and i kinda want those
Excited to watch! I've actually only played TTYD once
Just turn off the capture so you can glitch :)
does rolling up in the tube used for faster movement?
Occasionally but yoshi is usually there and he's faster
how can you skip the bridge without Laki Kappa
I heard the SSS rando dev is working on TTYD rando
KEKW Goombas in this game has been ruthless
Ok I've applied to qcf now
Yeah spinning makes avoiding enemies so much easier lol
If I still end up with nothing when I'm there I will go to the cornerstore and ask or go to target ig
Wasn't jumping a strat to go faster in this game?
@RavenFP go get a Baja Blast mini for me
Gameshow Thwomp is an underrated Mario character
Damn they really shange Gameshow Thwomp for Snifits SadgeCry
I guess, nothing can be more underrated than gourmet guy
I feels that whole area of the fortresses are a bit wasted material, they could have done more. There are nlt even cooking items to even return there
I love this game sm... Paper Mario series is my whole childhood 
Flurrie 2nd most OP partner imo
@GinoPK2 i can agree with that shes pretty stronk
LUL I remember that as a kid I wasn't able to resolve this puzzle for days
how to unpin a message in someone else's twitch chat
sorry, i was 70 for a second and thought this was google
I wish the text box was hold "L" and be ashamed
Hope to see more of Ms. Mowz as a partner in this run
Do you get her as a partner in this run?
Why does hooktail share the same voice as the curses?
Toads just died, this game is not E for everyone
But what if you got 10?
Bowser's a character in this game?
And Kammy hasn't been seen since
Yeah, Mario then proceeded to murder all unique looking characters so that all that was left was the same character designs as the ones in the other games.
Now we know who the real Monstar is.
now i just need to do the dishes, laundry, and finish packing
Everyone's favorite part of glitchless: not doing glitches YEP
What are the worst chapters in this? 2 and 4?
sometimes i keep wiggling for a sec once im on the pipe
sometimes its like really hard when they get split up
The bad music for this section adds to the horror
To have a segment this dumb this far in the speedrun is actually ridiculous
Not all good games are good speedgames, sometimes it's how it goes Sadge
I feel you and I'd stop too if I felt the way you do. There are some games I know I'd never run for that reason
Why did the chicken cross the code?
woo for leaving work early cuz my managers are bloody idiots
apparently, you had reload your "bullets" during the early access build
this game might just sit in my stream library
1st season of SAO was good season 2 was shit
then there season 3 was better then 2 but never finish watching it
season 3 was spilt into 3 parts watch part 1 and 2 too lazy to watch part 3 but i know what happened
No punies in this game so it should be okay for you.
I definitely like the way character moves in this game. It's very fluid.
Every level you gain, you get a point for the circuit,
He reminds me of the pokeball guy in Gen 8
This is great by the way. Nice seeing someone react to a game I just played.
I wanted to see you jump over the crates lol
So many normal navis in this game
The NPCs are interesting in this game. There are two types. The NPCs that are real people in the game and NPCs that are NPCs in the game.
oooh I got the Bow badge hypeE
You can switch between moves so it is not a commitment. There are also items you can get later if you need to reset the circuit
Should add, when you have a choice of moves, you can usually only pick one, but you can switch between them at anytime.
So you can switch between the saw and that other move anytime, but can't have both.
There are quests in the game, fortunately they give experience so that can help with combat.
As well as money and items.
Eh, you can do the quests without remembering all that. They will generate new quests as you go through the game as well.
You can choose whether you want to have people in your party or not, but it does help with combat and level grinding.
You also don't need to upgrade them, they upgrade themselves.
I never buy the armor anyways, I usually get it from quests are trade items for it. The bronze stuff is trash compared to those.
You can complete a lot of them just by collect items and killing enemies as you go through the game.
When you defeat enemies in succession (while that music plays) you will improve your rank and obtain better items. When the music ends, your rank goes back down.
That's pretty much what the tutorial would have said.
There are moles, hedgehogs and cows in this area you can murder.
I like this character. He's fun to laugh at.
Shoot the plants for items, btw.
Most of the items you can trade for require the items you collect from killing animals and plants. Just as god intended.
S is the highest rank. When you get to S Rank, the music gets GOOD>
Top left was the worst spot, yes.
This quest is good to do.
He shows up in every area.
Subjectively speaking, I find the quests to be mostly worth doing and not time consuming or annoying. Mostly....
For the most part, yes. But there are some bounty related quests and other types.
anyone tell you about the long jump?
it's an exploit, jump > shield ? dodge
you get a bit more *shield > dodge
you get more distance, which is useful for getting to stuff you shouldn't
Oh man, When i played this i had to spend a while grinding a couple extra level's just to actually have fun fighting
Yeah, For me i had two choices here, Either do all the side quests, or grind like no other for the S combo's
Thankfully at least it doesn't stop the story on you
oh yeah, It burns you out harsh lol
I think I was.. level 9 when I did that the first time?
nice twitch a 3 second Adge
so the thing with the asterick next the EXP reward is a trick, the exp you gain from quests actually modify based on your level, if you complete the quests that are a higher level than you are, it rewards you with substantially different amount , At least according to when I played it for the first time... before the first DLC was being thought about
They tried to base it off of MMORPG standards i believe
Yeah, MMO's have the code adjusted directly in the quest log for us to see, In here they just give you the base amount for the log, and it get's adjusted behind the scene's
your stream has the educational tag
i expect to learn something right now from this guy named Phantom
i think you will be fine Kappa
I was away. Did he fight a green haired guy yet? He is passed that point.
Ah, the goat is tricky to fight.
You seem to be enjoying the game.
All the dungeons are instanced in this game so your partners wont come with you into them.
Oooo, the first dungeon. Cant believe we are already here.
I just left the bar and have you on car blue tooth.
The music is great for driving.
I think you need the fire element for that
I think I was in the late teens when I did this dungeon.
Ah, so this is probably the end of the stream here.
Does hitting him with fire force out the bomb?
How are you liking the game so far. Also, use your points after getting fire.
I would use as many as possible.
You're able to open it immediately after beating this dungeon.
Hey Phantom phanto274BLANKIES this is a new game? How are you liking it?
I was so sad I missed stream yesterday phanto274Cry stupid work
So, I know that in the settings, if you play around with them, it can give more time to solve puzzles like this.
The other setting I think is for combat.
Can you pull up that settings page again?
The bombs last longer in this fight now so aim them with the fire element.
Well, at least they got the ice dungeon out of the way early.
That thief's key enables you to open all chests like that one.
Ah, I think this was the hardest puzzle in this dungeon.
Took some playing around with, but I solved it.
I didn't have to look up any of the solutions for the puzzles in this game yet so they should be doable for a speedrunner.
You could do the grinding off stream and the dungeons on stream? It would be very entertaining to see the next few dungeons.
But this does seem difficult to stream in some ways.
Yeah, you did not finish this area.
yeah, these dungeons don't fuck around
Should be the end of the ice.
I did the quests and only needed to do a little grinding.
Hello everyone and happy Saturday :)
Whats he gonna do? Tattle on everyone? Ha ha ha
so lazy, ill be visiting my sister in a bit
Doing good, chauffeuring my grandma today. So fun lol
me and jon was trying to do a multiworld but... the seed was taking too long to gen
You know what's nice about my chair? It's ideally located both in relation to the heat source in the winter and the cross breeze in the summer. It also faces the television at a direct angle allowing me to immerse myself in entertainment or gameplay without being subjected to conversation. As a result Ive placed it in a state of eternal dibs. Cheer100
@blacktiger51 yea PrideLaugh and now the thing's picky too PrideLaugh
hope your seed / seeds are goin well phantom pixels64Love
tldr: MMOoTR is MMOoTy (sorry pun) KEKW
sounds like a wild seed is in the oven PrideLaugh
i need to remember to redeem a seed before the 1st
I just wanted to hear your bot say pokemon cries. Mew Meeeeewwww Lugia Gyaaas Ho-oh Shaoooh Celebi Lululalala 3 Regis Zaza zari za... Jakiih Ji-ji-ze-ji-zoh The Eon Twins Huaaaann Shuaaaann Kyogre Gyararoooah Groundon Grrgggrrrrah Rayquzaz Kiruryursheeah Dialga Gugyugubah Paldia Gagyagyaah Heatran Gwogobo gwobobobo Regigigias ...Zut zutt Garitina Giygogagohgwooh Darkrai ... Arceus Dodogyuuun Cheer100
I watched the GDQ dk64 rando race. It end 20 seconds apart, you love to see it
dk64 is such a cool rando
not just some of the rando, but all the rando.
3 miles to the post office? Yikes
then next check you find bow
but do u have the note?
Inb4 Frying Pan in Crystal Palace
Guess it makes sense since Laki was never obtained last seed KEKW
How do you plan on beating 5?
Oh right I guess there's a Toad
Today I decided to get a sunburn by walking outside for 2 hours
You know what would be cursed? Parakarry in Green Station...
I assume ch7 bridge is closed?
I also got the silly PokBall ball disc to keep track of sleep lololol
Idk how you got Charmander in that quiz
i hope the burn doesn't interfere with your sleep - my pokemon experience says it might
At least you also got a level out of it
That path really just had 3 single-check items
I'm back with leftover spaghetti, what'd I miss
I did have to make a new batch of sauce cause I ran out
What is the highest random bp cost that can be on a badge?
Was that Ohrocks who did it lolol
and for being right he gets timed out for 5 seconds as opposed to 10 minutes for being wrong
wait - do y'all actually time ppl out for misinfo?
you should of blame the bot like i do phanto274Shrug
Since I got master in unite I dont the full timeout
Uh... I mean it was the curse of Ra, haha
We only time out Pallos because he's Pallos
Also because he's a flat earth believer stickshamGaslight
imagine needing 'belief' for that fact
like, it's literally in your name, o rocks
Can I ask you a very important question
what are we supposed to do when we see pallos in chat phanto274Shrug
You got 10 seconds @pallos7 to come up with a reason to make me not time you out for that joke
Bc you did it to me when we played unite
Does he know it was only 1 second?
Has it been months since you've actually fought lava piranha
No one in the PM community knows what the 'LP' in "LP Skip" stands for, it just happened
but not the healthy juice? what ever happened to aftercare?
Not even 1 BP 1 FP worth?
this is a full seed? Or is it the blitz settings
Best use for Hammer Throw in rando is probably ch8 Jr and Spike Shield is better
Phantom do you use a retrotink?
Maybe Hammer Throw would be decent in jumpless start though
what do you use for a capture card
I'm trying to diagnose my issues with my tink/capture card, I have an HD60S and I'm getting bad static more often than not when I reset (hard or soft) on my 64, but only when I'm actively capturing through my PC
No, I would be grateful for any fix I can get away with. When you say 'monitor' do you mean like, TV
I don't get any audio unless I have elgato's software up in my headphones
Would I mind if I like, bugged you when you're free sometime this week? Cause it got really bad when I was pape training and I'm unsure what I can do with a very limited budget, and I do know I have to do a reset before a run
I appreciate the help tho 
but yeah if I could get this handled so I don't have to deal with bad shit that'd be faboo, and I don't wanna like. Wait till the day before the run
What day works best for you? I'll write down a sticky note so I won't forget
Weird how normal chomp doesn't get randomized
Tuesday evening sounds good then, what timezone have u been inflicted with
so you're 3 hours behind me, that works
I like the phasing of being inflicted with timezones
I love anything to do with timezones like
but time in and of itself is a blight to mankind
your face is a blight to mankind gottem
it's tru it's why no one is allowed to perceive me 
Where does Pallos's mom live in the mushroom kingdom
Thats where shes been all this time lolol
I havent seen my mom in like a year
went out for milk and instead got another child to care for
Sometimes Goompa's war crimes come back to plague the world
we could have had it all
It's crazy that Paper Mario introduced the common enemies just vibing and not working for Bowser
this is Friendly Bob-omb slander (SM64)
Bomb-Omb buddies aren't real, you've never seen them
And what about the running Koopa dude
Theres a spider on the wall in my house
Become a superhero and wait for your canon moment
Idk I haven't seen DBZ in a long time
i kind of want to watch all the eps of dragon ball
I dont really watch anime besides dbz and love live
Shout out to that video floating around that just says 'Hey Vegeta's not evil anymore' and he gets really mad and says to stop destroying his character
I kinda wanna binge the entire pokemon anime but that would take so long
Listen, DBZ is a completely different vibe from DB? That said I personally enjoyed DB better
Don't make me add to that
It could be worse! It could be the bean and then the red key could be on the cloud
I was chilling in a cloud
how many channel points for you to shoot me in the face
I don't see a redeem for it smh
How many channel points for you to shoot ME in the face
work has me done w/ life
this is a repel seed of all time
Sounds like a good ass time
you put nuts in your ass?
:V as someone who is gay I've heard of balls deep but I'm quite under the impression you shouldn't actually put them in there
Those ice piranhas went afk lolol
Waow judging a man who likes to wear colors as being unstraight? Anyways Mario is gay for wearing green
everyone knows that's the sexy m&m color
At least back half of palace will be in go mode
Red Key go mode is convenient but less so if it's locked behind Blue Key
listen it's not my fault some people think that m&ms are degenerating society or something and that's why they need to wear sneakers or... god I wish I even understood that whole mess
When was the last time you had a Koot seed and actually did favors?
the logic would put most Koot favors in later spheres wouldn't it
since it operates like Quizmo and Rowf, you also have to beat chapters for more to be unlocked
It would be nice if it was more spread out tho
wow looks like a tough one sry
just looking at the color swap and wondering what a "Paper Luigi" game would be like...
if it's anything like how he says stuff like in TTYD.......probably a lot of failures that work into winning
I missed most of it sob but I see this seed doesn't look bad
7 scaled 4 is the worst
Everything past Red Key door and a couple checks in Tubba's
are you kidding me, click on stream and first thing I see is power bounce lmao
hope the seed has been kind ( I say as you mention the amount of BP lmao) YEP
Didn't even need to D-Down on the last one
Stare subscribe if you're watching on youtube Stare
Is there gonna be another rando after this?
Oh I always join too late to the randos, the sprites are cool at the top
Just softlock 2 minutes in Kappa
Do you have a tracker open?
That just didn't register for me lmao phanto274Facepalm
is the s tier wepon the wind vacuum?
North Hyrule Field? What language is that? English?
if you don't have key sanity on the keys should be in dungeons
i think the seed is telling u bowsanity
Figurine 20 or Sword 1 YEP
not really the gambling type but will say figurine help over swords i get that vibe right now
Alright time to delete Amishman's points Kappa
how many channel points for  roman numerals 1 last time for pape? i want to see xxx blooper
Oh frick not my points monkaS
yea 1 sided gambas are not fair
I mean it would've been kinda funny if it just deleted my points
i remember ur arrow fight with this thing
did it say where gust jar was?
oh so I came back to locked seed FBtouchdown HungryPaimon
i think key rings will be better for no logic
sending you better luck than I had in mother 1 lol
Oh my lord, that graphical glitch
Is that glitch doable in vanilla?
Imma have to try that for funsies
When a game is built too good
when they program the game too well passerDoubt
All that for a green kinstone piece. Sadge
Dont bombs do stuff to them?
My cat is yelling at me
And it fucked me up LUL
Can't you go backwards in it?
Or jump down a hole to jump to a part?
I might go make a giant fuckin pot of garlic mac and cheese
You are on your knees begging lol
Count yourself lucky Pallos that I won't time you out for that comment cause I didn't see it earlier
@iceblue share the Mac and cheese
You've looked at all sword smiths?
Beat vatti without four sword ezpz
Gust Jar behind a Gust Jar check imagine?
Wow i didn't know this game had a Minish shield
Yeah I just googled it, thanks a bunch!!
I was immediately like how the hell do you get that?
Yeah I'm pretty sure I knew about light arrows actually
Share the mac and cheese??? Naaaaahhhhh
Im bouta murder this whole box of velvetta
What benefits does light arrows give other than extra damage
Sucking the spirit away from the old man with it floating around him was always one of my fav parts for some reason
@iceblue not cool man now I'm gonna have to make breadsticks stuffed with cheese soon
Test it when you get a chance
It looks like you've made some good progress with this one
did u put key sanity on?
@blacktiger51 did a chatter place the seed?
I think Phantom decided to torture himself on a whim
So this is phantom self punishment
I've this massive craving for some Chinese food
dont eat the asian get ranch pizza
If I didn't have meatloaf in the fridge, I'd succumb to my crave
you forgot the very real ocarina Kappa
still tryin to roll a seed for blacktiger and I - seems to be just a pile of weird shit goin on PrideLaugh
23 months is too long, I need to stop stickshamGaslight
@Jonxhas maybe i should try lol
all I want is for blacktiger and I to have dungeon + boss ER
aka my Deku tree as an example being a different dungeon to blacktiger's
and it shits itself gloriously on attempting that.
yep - there is a bug report out seems like which is in relation to full ER + "all locations reachable" logic creating issues
but like - what blacktiger and I decided to be the ER "list" isnt that so like... feels like it shouldnt be that being the issue
@Jonxhas i think i know why the seed wont gen
@blacktiger51 if it is a possible thought of junked locales, I did yeet the thought of junked locales out for the last like 10 tries PrideLaugh
and if the gen then tells me it ran out of space to place items when there's no junked locations... 
but silly bogus is fun PrideLaugh
its nearly as good as flipping Stone tower temple via hookshot + human link slashes PrideLaugh
which if you know remote hookshot - yeaaa PrideLaugh
so... "go mode" in this even in no logic would hard require you to get a lot of things right due to how involved the vaati fights are
and I assume there's also a reason why the 13/20 is marked right? thats the statues?
but the minitendo gallery doesnt do much checks-wise
just curious to me how the minitendo gallery despite that seemingly just cant do much item / check wise
gonna assume, that it'd be a bit of a problem to get that many shells?
tektie gets the "fuck this" treatment
just moreso curious if in theory the minitendo gallery itself could turn into a checkpool as silly as it would be PrideLaugh
kinda sad in a way but more then understandable 
that being said, MMR 1-16 dev testing makes me kinda hope these things can at some point be rando'd for the fun of it if one wishes to, since it introduces Notebook ribbon shuffle
which for the book being useful introduces the "meeting" checks which you need the book for for them to trigger
@Jonxhas 2 things I'm gonna try 1 u wont like 1st seed I'm giving us song of storms for mm since it give 1 check and other thing after if it failed gonna try to gen a seed where song anywhere
@blacktiger51 I dont care about MM storms PrideLaugh I just was trying to keep the list of songs we start with minimal
yeah but if it gen the seed fuck it i will take it
it just is like "in theory, combo rando multiworld should work with all shuffles and minor to medium ER on no items being started with"
Should've gotten the trophy for luck
and we really didnt put too much of a starting items / junk locale list up for it
also the audacity the seed had placing a sword there after what you did to the golden tickitek
I wanna say btw @blacktiger51 that I did get a seed to gen, just not with distinct worlds
did u just bomb the shopkeeper
@Jonxhas hmm if we cant get 1 with distinct world to gen we just use that 1
@Jonxhas thats the plan but I will try getting a pass still PrideLaugh cus like... distinct worlds would be really neat
would just WISH it would be more specific on it rather then "oh yea fuck you LUL you dont get this because I am rando and just take a snooze on ya" when its not even the listed to be problematic "full" ER
Wdym, you can break pots now
Wait what glitch are trying to do?
How much do I sell my spiny Oreo for?
I only heard about those being a thing PrideLaugh
and just like the Pokmon Oreos people are probably going to sell a special design for 1000$
so no big clue here what that'd be
I do wanna say though that the idea of food with special designs going for high prices = me go "huh" PrideLaugh
did you wind up dumping the previous seed?
this game doesnt have a Ocarina items trick right?
without the bow butterfly, this is so annying
there are 3 butterflies. flippers. mitts and bow.
seeing all this bread's making me hungry
is phanto274Jam inspired from kirby 64 sound test?
the distant minish link rolls its like he does 20 rolls at once lol
wouldve loved it if smash remix made bomberman playable
bot, can you be any more vegue
What 2 hours of no boots does to a person
Is this being played on GameCube? It's got a fuzziness to it
I didn't know you could patch the rando to an actual cartridge
Hi, how is the run going?
It's one Four Sword, Michael. What could it cost, 10 Rupees?
emotes ruined my arrested development joke 
THIS BLUE ASSHOLE HAS NO CHILL
because palace is the worst dungeon in the game lmao
Don't spend it all in one place!
oh this is still going? nice
did Phantom find the sword immediately after I left?
y'all missed the other BILLION seeds he went through
geez after you found the first one the other two just fell into place
you only used like 7 to kill one of the gold octos
do you think you'll play more?
or now that you've beaten a no-logic you can put that trophy on the wall and call it good?
How do you make your own fright jar?
who u facing 1 or 2 ppl now?
marcoGL phanto274GL beestGLGLGL avarie1GL marcoGL_HF on the no slacking category.
Can you route another category? Leastamountofbuddies%
Low% is not what i meant
Just a route that picks up the least amount of buddies
I vote to rename .pmsave to .pms
lurk cuz work, and I found a spot to charge my phone while you're streaming
It feels like it's been a while since Twitch has given me the option to announce my sub... raysI
If you do go straight left, just make sure you don't get a first strike by accident
I think they were trying to give you something...
Still can't get clippy, but I'm switching to oem to try it to see if that helps
It's already so much easier jumping in the ultra block
My hori doesn't do inputs that are slightly out  of notch so that jump was hard to do
I was also a little confused when you mentioned "the way back"... this makes sense now
my mind is blown at this rando seed that seems like vanilla but its not Kappa
How does one get Laki early is still news to me LUL
Man I knew realized how revolutionary seed duping is
Its one of the most important things of late to be found
I did it, took days but I did it
time to install pokemon sleep lmao
So what's happening with this run? 
One of the earlier ones got deleted, not sure how many need to shift
i was looking at your forehead
Our boy Kolorado he died in the line of duty helping Mario fight Lava Pirhanna Sadge
Laki needs to just mister206Do mister206IT
Phantom, if I give Raven this $50 on Friday, tell Raven they have to buy dinner for you as well
Thats so wonky how hes treated as a normal fight under the plane LUL
this is a great error 404 moment for my mind LUL
mario: "my people need me, I want to practice something else"
I decided to start insanity in terraria - which also means me literally just digging giant holes cus buildingboss arenas rather then RNG spawns being able to fuck me over PrideLaugh
Is there a heart block anywhere nearby?
that sounds roughie as a "yup this is a back-up" but at least you'd still be on your way? 
*tryin to understand the back-up details
sounds rough either way yee - cus I mean, circular drops be like
i haven't seen this in years
this is uhhhh... a place PrideLaugh
How hard is it to dizzy shell him?
bouta start upgrading kooper in rando
So I'm assumign since we dojo, you're using dodge master?
What's teh cost in vanilla? 3?
How confident are you that you'll be able to do all the tricks in this route?
What's the method for early whale again?
Does glitch logic make KBF sphere 0?
If you find Bombette, you can go to 7 too
I was thinking earlier, does Laki+Bombette technically let you clear 1, 2, and 5?
@iceblue prepare your mind before its too late LUL
I had a seed where 7 wasn't one of my chapters and nearly every ch7 key item was in sphere 0
It'll sure be... fun... once you have to backtrack for trees
Its Almost like that weight is useless hence the name dead weight Kappa
That's a lot of power early on
how do you take a frying pan and make a castle key? The world may never know
She was trying to use the key as a substitute frying pan but it didn't work very well
shop probably gunna have a hammer or bombette
Hopefully we see hammer deep into the seed LUL
We dont need to buy the hammer just toss it into the lava Kappa
Good thing you're not fighting anything YEP
Why wouldn't there be a coconut in that tree?
what is this a vanilla game not even randomized smh my head
Deep Jungle makes more sense than Volcano imo
2? I thought it was just GK tree
Oh unless you were counting that
How difficult is it to get that item with Laki? I know there's a way but I forget what it is
i seen joe do it doesn't look too bad
And I made a cringe dad joke
if i go to bed who will write this important life-changing fanfiction i'm about to embark on
Well that was, something I probably haven't seen and probably won't see after this
You were doing 5 against Jr. with 1 defense
Which meant you had all 3 +1s equipped
Blooper? IDK what else you skipped
Well, it's technically not with these settings...
In fact, it's sphere 2 this seed
Well, that's a lot more checks YEP
how many seeds have you played where saving the yoshis actually had a key item
they actually only generate the item after you leave
it doesn't exist on the first go around
this glitch is one of my favs
i feel like if you're that guy you're even more confused than normal because mario comes from oblivion
Wait how did you get in without kooper?? Was the bridge already open?
when we getting no logic for pape
Maybe when it's possible to beat with <30 key items NiceSoftlock
IDK maybe no logic with <7 spirits could work but it'd be weird
yeah but no reason why we cant have no logic
like yeah most seeds will be dead but still
I was going to say... hard to complain when you have +4 power for 12 BP NiceSoftlock
At least Jr. can get Power Shocked
So how bad was this with glitched logic?
I mean hammerless can be very toxic as we've seen KEKW
Hey, at least you got Hammer before Bombette
this is my favourite game and i STILL dread the prologue lol
wow not doing junior skip and then retriggering prologue later smh
it is kind of relaxing. but also not
and wish i had action commands
yah. but at least you can just hold B. i play ttyd more so i'm used to mashing
if ttyd prologue was as long as this, i might not play it lol
working on that adapter code rn btw PAUSERS
i'm the opposite. like the glitches more in ttyd haha
Ya TTYD any% isnt too fun for me i know some people like it tho lol
but they do have like a higher learning curve
@JakeBopDart ya like me haha, i loveeee the any% route now
ya i know you love any% lol
wait what was that tho im confused lol. it wasnt bts right? lmao
or just, the way they have the % to run away on enemies is much better
oh interesting never seen it lol
fair, that's what i'm like with bridge skip in ttyd haha
well ya, if you fail bridge skip you literally gameover
yah i know. like if you get it on the 8th rty
alright imma lure, need to time some prince of persia stuff
I had to reset in cannon room twice, by messing up getting past the cannons (not doing canonless)
I accidentally encountered a cannon and died and reset
mmm I didn't think of that
I'll keep that in mind, and now I just have lots of time save lol
How are you feeling by the way?
This does not compute with me. How do you execute seed duping? LUL
oh my god, I had you on in the background and twitch decided to freeze right as you unpaused and I thought it was you resetting lmfao
on a good note? it at least tried to keep the stream alive for ya instead of "error 2000 / 3000" KEKW
not that it succeeded, but PrideLaugh
Wait what. Whats the last seed for lmao
i like how she's plant it in the same spot
flags are a great hidden concept behind older video games YEPSPIN
Im so bad at movement I cant get onto the bottom step lol
Your menuing is so fast monadoPog
Double clippy doesnt look very fun
from someone who does cilppy in rando phantom describe  it perfectly
my brain writing button remapping code HorseRide
Thats what TTYD partners say when theyre not supposed to exist yet lol
Oh wait you leave it in this run? Thats amazing
my arduino won't turn on AngyTwink
Whens the new All Bosses and Cards category getting made up monadoKEK
Do you get to at least use this power plus since you had to fight anti guy?
If you dont beat Luigi, might as well reset tbh
oh wait you're not skipping the chomps lol
oh guess I didn't realize you'd need the hammer
God this is a rude trick
this looks like it really sucks
Thats one of the worst tricks Ive seen in this game
Is pretty much everything smooth sailing for this point? Or any other annoying tricks o ur side the usual ones in each chapter?
@jcog hey aren't you supposed to be speed running?
One thing I like about Jr is that no matter how many times he gets his ass beat he still comes back to try again. Like him or hate him you have to respect his determination
How come there's no flower at the bottom right of the gate?
if this makes it to YouTube, HI YOUTUBE
getting ready for bed, cuz I picked up a shift
i have to go to bed early tonight Sadge
i have to get up at 9am all this week
Here just in time for CK
i never knew about t hat fight
I completely forgot chapter 8 was a thing after seeing so much rando LUL
We moved so far along since the alpha days
Only a real PB skips saving Kappa
thats quickest hallway ive ever seen lol
I have officially completed the Barbenhiemer. Both movies were excelent.
you'll probably still kill if you get peril
yeah i think that's the play if he does
oh wait you split on door right
i wonder if that would be a 6:3x final
Wow just in time to witness PB!
i got a 8 second Adge
if you actively ran this what would your goal time be?
gonna be a tough boss rush to beat lmao
i thought all boss was this weekend
perfect timing right as lai ended, welcome back
lets go i can now time out pallos  here i mean what
I was sooooo confused for a second. Like wheres my sub badge? Then I see its the bot channel lol
lets see if this resub works
I changed to 0 seconds for now
hello for the first time ever
Yo a mod with a 1st chat message
Do you have your shit now or is this someone elses
It's 50 dollars more than the digital and like a very tiny amount shorter and skinnier
You can put a disk drive on it if you really want though
ok i can add emotes here
also the vertical stand is sold seperately lol
I'm sticking with my fat ps5 until the pro version came out
@audioblood phantom wants to know how you are doing
Yippee I have a chatbot again
Cause I had 0 commands while your stuff was getting moved LOL
No prize pool just to smite you
The bot just described evo japan
@ravenfp are you streaming later to spite me?
you could try sitting on the floor LUL
i wouldn't be able to use another chair
Simply make your head stop hurting
oh the PS5 drive is removable too
Either way I'm hyped that you're back! phanto274BLANKIES
so digital is 450 and the drive is 80 lol
The most underdiscussed feature is the fact that you can now buy games by swiping your credit card on the side of the console Kappa
EA wouldve dont that generations ago
I mean it IS a bot
This is phantoms new AI model the cam isn't real
I got my switch fight stick. What an ordeal that was. It got delivered on friday but post man didnt leave the parcel locker key in my box so I had to do a stake out on Saturday.
I was so nervious he put it in someone elses box
I have definitely been watching them alot lmao
The PS5 hori stick is really nice and I can open it without a screwdriver. The switch Power A stick can be wired or bluetooth plus I can map the stick to DP, LS, or RS.
my mom order some coffee off amazon the other day and when she open the box there was cookies inside so good news we got free cookies
I just use a ps4 pad with a rika sticker on it
The only reason I got the Power A is cause it normally goes for 130 but found a "buy now" on ebay for 80 brand new.
Its so weird seeing all the Persona 3 Reload marketing be for Xbox only. What a time line! 5 years ago youd call this impossible lol
the only one I remember was tales of vesperia LUL
also wild how bn collection was the best selling one and that didnt even sell on xbox. Capcom got that message loud and clear
saturday night I was playing bn2 in komari's VC on the fight stick with ero and dalus hanging out. Never again!! I did get to shadowman tho and rolled aquacust without the manip LUL
does it have "wii" in the title?
It's like Kirby RtDL is called Kirby Adventure Wii
that last line in that clip LUL
"I couldnt do anything about ramming my head into vaporeon"
Why is the bot talking to buff00n
I don't think I've talked to allyson since I was in vegas lol
I mean that's what she did in vegas
Oh forgot this was the bot channel KEKW
She made my wendys get cold she had a lot to say
I assume that's the sun flashbanging their background they can't really stop that
Get a very proportional mythra model
Also yea now that you say that
Jesse is like the only person who doesnt vtube in vegas LOL
Bear is more expressive than any vtuber model
I hate that sound clip of ezlo
Why do only some of them die there
Because deku tree cutscene skip it would do that every time
my father saw my fight stick and asked what kinda games is that for. I showed him galaga LUL
we need to rememberr the arcade era
The only cool part of Galaga is the jingles
how do you know which piller?
was wondering how you knew with the BIG GLOWY EYEBALL
Yo an ocarina? It'd be disappointing if you couldn't travel through time with it...
if kin stones are random drops how are they routed?
Imagine PBing and you submit it as PhantomGamesBot. Agumon a board would be dope
like what kilios has, or more than that?
only bn stream i seen was your and axl lol
ill watch black jack if no one else is on
your race with fatkid was something else
the tourny isnt on youtube tho
its in #speedrunning, shame you didnt get to race erothaur Kappa
the the death warp back to the red manta ray slower?
so it may not be slower per say but it changes the boss cycle
one day I will play this casually, not like I cant. My wiiU is right next to me
as long as I have everdrive 64 I will never get the expansion pack
noooooooo i miss the ending i was eating gg
I missed the ending too GGs
btw I just remembered I have minish cap on 3DS with the ambassador program. Remember that!? At launch 3DS bombed so badly they dropped the price 70 bucks. And let me tell you 10 GBA and NES roms WERE NOT WORTH IT OMEGALUL
that was the only version I played. I did 2 dungeons and thought, there has to be a better way to play this LUL
you mean "I start it on thursday"
there only 1 thing i hated about metroid dread
I watch firedragon do one off monkey ball runs every now and then
yeah, I poked pronyo about that
we had to manually do it for weeklies like 6 times so im like pronyo "can we get a preset for the racetime bot"
i swear, you better not reset on the magic number
in pape I crossed over 670 hours, not til 696:96:96.9
if only minutes and seconds went that high
looking at the schedule, what is paper mario 3D land?
cant wait to have god tier rng on pick a door again
oh that cool so paper mario 3d land is a rom hack for 3d world but it have paper mario stuff in it looks like a mix between it and super paper mario
3ds emu is fine so might have to try it
it is 3D Land, and its almost 10 years old. It a cool fan project but it doesnt look interesting enough to play. Like I got bored watching the trailer
i took a peek at the trailer didn't watch all of it either
its super paper mario combat, with 3D Land level design, and sprites in the style of 64
like there was generic hammer bro and they had to jump on it like 5 times like is SPM
i may watch the run to see more of it but prob not the whole thing
10am my time? I dont think youll be watching KEKW
thats normal for me, but yesterday I took a 2 hour nap so stayed up tiil 3
I havent seen a splatoon1 run in a very long time, def do wanna see that
back when it first released I saw it on GDQ and thats pretty much it. Obviously I dont remember that run but I wanna see how far that game has came
id have to check the... what was it?... 2016 vod?
no wait splatoon wasnt that late
it was prob 2014 cause it was too late to be added to smash wiiU
brb, its starting to get dark here and need to let Hikari out
so guess who's gonna go to a theater showing of the new digimon movie dub
yeah that version isn't out yet either
it's almost a simuldub situation lol
yeah. toei's also streaming the dub episodes of 02 on youtube leading up to release
so they're... going all in. glad to see digimon getting the love it deserves
yeah tri was neat. last evolution kizuna was also good
and not just for the hilarity of agumon finding tai's... special reading material lmao
the new movie is 2 years after last evolution kizuna so still 15 years before that epilogue
which in real time is only 4 years away lol
yeah i was checking timeline just now. since the original series is 1999 and 02 is 2002, 25 years later is 2027
somewhere out there, tai has cut his hair already iceblueSad
he's a KING in the third season
yeah, I remember downloading fansubs of that when it first started
also i will forever stick up for appmon. it was unique but enjoyable
appmon has the best recurring background character
who is officially referred to as "Endlessly Suffering Old Man"
he shows up and stuff goes bad and he screams NOOOOOOOOOO
sometimes he gets a break tho
it's a gag that doesn't get old
but yeah appmon (or Digimon Universe Applimonsters) was a "spinoff" of sorts, using a different method of evolution and stages
all the "appmon" since they're TOTALLY not digimon are inspired by mobile apps
getting my zelda fill today between this and jaiirou running MM
sometimes the hat pees on you
for the cost i cant imagine the frustration
At that point its almost worth the giant uhaul cost
so do you have your stuff finally then?
time to road trip back for the computer
also love the mario 3 whistle sound
i find it interesting the guys that made this Flagship also did kirby and the amamzing mirror
i didnt know they did squeak squad too, but it did havve a lot in common with amazing mirror now that I think about it
love how you use the lever as a block here
is mister mosquito banned on twitch?
you should play it sometime KEKW
I wasnt interested enough in sony until PS3 happened
uncharted 3 demo was what sold me on PS3
imagine if it got a remake lol
They can't make people fall in love with you
I think the rule was you can't make someone love you
So funny that they just stop following any rules in the last season of the show
Also they literally erased Sparky from existence
It was Butch trying to repeatedly do the new character ratings grab that worked for Poof
And now they keep trying to reboot it sorta like the Powerpuff Girls
How much would you pay to see that as I'll play it start to finish, base game only, and just get through the game's main stories.
that the fighting game only release in japan for psp
We should explore psp fighting games
btw who entering MUGEN randoms at Frosty Faustings?
Will probably enter NASB2 if it's fun
I have central American internet I cant watch but I can chat
I just gotta hope Multiversus shows up in the mystery game tournament
That's the fanmade 64DD expansion for Ocarina of Time
I'm down to speedrun it as long as I don't need to record anything
I also did 100% KatAM and I used an online map
Find Mii II speedrun is just spamming play coins
Only 10 play coins per day
You have to use a extdata editor to max out play coins in a day
The pokemon game with the longest development period was still ass
I can't believe the dad was pikachu!
The best thing to come out of Detective Pikachu will always be the Vinny corruption stream
Yeah let's run fuckin lego ROCK BAND
We don't talk about what happened after a man fell into the river in lego city
Vs Duck Hunt is the arcade version of duck hunt
it's a ps3 digital only game
It had a bonus game where you could shoot the dog
Ratchet and Clank quest for some ass
me n' 74 got roped into a group chat and 74 introduced himself w/ Weed Mario
@buff00n I thought you should know that my cousin is inviting me to watch her compete in a women's body building contest
@seventyfourtg is this an invite, or a flex
I would have to buy tickets and I don't really keep up with her so probably not
Phantom programmed their bot to hate my guts
Raven, I have things to do in the morning. Don't give me information I require alcohol for.
makar sounds like my lil bastard cat
Riki is here to try and lick toes again
I'm done with this gay bitch of an Earth
Riki keeps running up here, licking my toes and running back downstairs
the realization that Jabu Jabu was prolly like "I'm FREE" when Hyrule flooded
All off numbers have the letter e in them
whatever Phantom rolled sounds VAGUELY familiar
Good thing your sword doesn't break
what if power bracelets affected Link's throwing arm?
I think power bracers should increase damage by 2
when's the Zelda game where I can duff someone across the room once I've equipped the Power Gauntlets
he's trying to get in your nuts
if I didn't have to be up at the crack of dawn
still here but idk if I can party like mario
can you party like kermit though
they said you can pee plant
i was worried i forgot to download it on my oled
I can't hear plant btw, didn't care when it was just buff00n
I would need to be partner to get the bot a free sub
find 50 more people to always watch my stream so my average is high enough
yoshi should be able to eat people in thiss
I'm also harder than I look, but you don't see me talking about it all the time
this is fake hockey, where's the fighting
where will you do the full service as if there's nothing on mario
yoshi needs to stop putting their ass in the air every time they move
I'm trying to watch on my phone now and you don't have quality options runera3What
back and more non-binary than ever!
Your new room is so shiny
I could run that on DS KEKW
say whaaaa im rubbing my eyes twice like how
u lookin bright and very fly
"oh you stream! what do you steam? I stream COD. Oh cool we should sqaud up! oh my bad, I speedrun COD on nintendo DS" KEKW
i made sure komari saw that
We cant see strimmer if a curtain is in front of him
Did you finally get your stuff in?
I see a window and I want to paint it black
IM MAKING FUN OF YOUR CURTAINS AKI
those curtains make the owner look like a NERD
Am I still comms with you tomorrow?
how do you have your sources and splits but not starting soon?
Oh wow, I wasn't wrong about my comment at all LOL
It does look like the passion of christ hahaha
Hey, just glad you're streaming again. Sorry about the temp setup but it's the best we could do orange188Comfy gomen
I FUCKING KNEW THAT WAS COMING
oh yeah axl can do it
i'm sure ice can work that into their GDQx trip
Saturday 11:20 - Z2 run. Saturday 1:20 - Go visit Phantom
youd think a bot would play better KEKW
Let me on the couch for fun @Iceblue
Oh that's okay, I'll just pull a chibi and sit myself anyways Kappa
You haven't seen my ass lately
"I'd really prefer if you'd be quiet." - Iceblue after I open my mouth
step 1: get aki plushie. step 2: attach speaker to plushie. step 3: speak through speaker of plushie. taht's how aki can be on the couch
@Mirby_Studios How did you know that's how I was gonna attend Twitch Con?
look i'm already a plushie i know these things
What are we shoving inside Aki?
i said attach. like on the outside
y'all are the ones that went this way
I love how you need the jabber nut to understand them, but you can clearly hear
I can hello, but just because I bark doesn't mean I understand everything that goes around. I only understand "sit, lay down, treat, and no."
Come on, if you've played OoT, Link says "AITE, SHIT"
get that wood nice and deep
@Iceblue Majora's Mask is my favorite Ocarina of Time Rom Hack :)
I'm sorry, but what's the main characters name
Runs shall be had tis day
Currently yes. My wife and I just had a baby 2 months ago. So I don't have the energy to pick up more. But I was working extra prior to the baby. And I self schedule.
My last job I worked 8's but they were often short and I'd stay to work doubles for them often. I'd be doing easily 55+ hours a week there. That was draining, but during covid someone had to. I'm in Healthcare
tempted to push for record but holding it together that well for that long 
the first pb was mostly reroute, this was more me playing better i think lol
oh shit, the best song in the game
but yeah gameplan i think is to just keep playing glundo til i get tired of it, then maybe jump over to smrpg for one last grind before the remake drops
Looks like I was too late for gl
Yo no way it's Iceblue! I'm a huge fan
i thought y'all said that wasn't iceblue
when are you going to be finished cap with minish cap
I'm getting ready to throw my life away for 6 hours and 41 minutes
you lost 6 hours and 41 minutes
i blinked can you do it again
it's like they wanted it to be a tough fight but they... didn't put any rails up
maybe they realized you could do that and kept it in cause it's hilarious
if you jump over him? what other situation we thinkin?
maybe if you jump into a hole?
I mean who knows, maybe they were previously present in rooms with cane puzzles
no clue rly - I never rly did pay much attention to them and their respective animations PrideLaugh
I mean you could definitely get them stunned if you throw it right when they swing (risk reward) with normal boomerang
other then that, getting lucky on the normal one that you throw it behind them
GL on the next round up
lmao someone didn't know what inaccuracy meant in relation to emulators so i compared it to homer's barbecue referring to his build as ZSNES
activate ur alerts on next cutscene
that jumbled pile of parts he has? that's ZSNES
Bwhaha npnp hope the move went well
happy for you! Hopefully it gets there soon
i'm still wiating for dog jumpscare
so i was just reminded of a pair of great metroid zero mission hacks, the second way moreso than the first
Good luck! Also how's your day been?
If I'm off in time phanto274Bless
I should hopefully be off around 730 MST
yeah you could just do the party, not the story mode
just thinkin out loud rly, my memories of marParDS by all means would be off in terms of actual time needed per round
but it'd be a minute to 2 depending there as is, then more from there if say practice on a game or whathaveya, internet
too bad it not mario party 2 on emu netplay Sadge
setting that stuff up is always a tedium until you got it downpad for everyone
i remember seeing that in the movie theatre
i do the 3 minutes per hour but i'm casual lol
there like 2 Adge on twitch i wish i can just not see ever again lol
you gonna ping discord when you run about to start right?
i'd ask how the nights going but seems like that run wasn't going super well lol
go with minimum number of badges, fully random
oh it goes that low? i thought it only went down to liek 39 or something
maybe 1 bp power plus EZ
go jcogs strat and just turn a bunch on and figure you can youtube the strat if you need to lmao
don't forget to turn on that stupid castle entrance LZS nonsense
i'm trying to compile SM64 so i can use it with archipelago but it REFUSES to work
if you run out of youtube vods you can do your bn6 race with komari KEKW
just 150 hours of rando from catching up to you lol
A tier 1 and a youtube member are pretty much the same thing
do you ever go danger with just power rush and 2 damage dodges?
last stand is the entirety of danger mario
ive done it a few times
inflation has hit koopa village super hard
but you dont have to come back
whisqChad oh there was a puzzle?
I always jump straight down and then immediately swap to the down-left notch
i legit have no idea why this isn't working
i have followed every single step to the letter, not even a molecule of straying from the instructions, and it just... fails
I used to like when people had input displays until i also realized i don't actually look at them
i did a MW once from it
in my defense I only stopped using mine cause it was causing controller issues lol
they're best just for when random people wanna reference how you do stuff
will your adapter come with an input display jcog?
i'm done trying for the night
when I work on it again COPIUM
cause all i can think is "it'll never work on your computer shell out for a new one or get fucked nerd"
i don't have a number pad on mine
also curious what happens if you LZS out of toy box
omg why does the twitch clip editor degrade audio quality
GL on your first pape rando play through!
In final bowser you could get the nullify on the poison from swipe, but not get it on a repel gel
hows the new place treating you
have you at least gotten an update on that??
load up the truck and leave it in the parking lot for 3 weeks
Whos Jesse? Sounds like a bitch.
Levias raid but I was already here KEKW
I hear there are Defend Pluses with 1 BP
Congrats on the move. Hope it has been going well so far
Now you can completely break the game
randomizer but the run ends when i find slow go
i got so bummed with super mario party
mandatory half controller is the dumbest shit ive ever seen
Phantom how easy is it to get into running pokemon lets go
I want to try speedrunning a pokemon game and lets go seems the easiest
Plus of having a brother the same age as me who always gets the opposites pokemon game as me since we were kids
I got a sub 4 with eevee on my first run and that was in japanese lol
dropped my switch code on your discord
regardless I'm gonna watch yall play so that's exciting
8fp mini hammer charge would be the definition of useless
Can whacka ever have a progress item?
Kooper doesnt have wings HAHA steals shell
No wait, he's Purple Guy Mario
....makes sense he's fighting a child then
What if Mario wanted to be Purple Theyby?
Mario, STAY AWAY FROM ANIMATRONIC SUITS
yo dawg, do you like fetch quests?
will you be joining us for Seasons 2? PAUSERS
It seems like that's what we're leaning to
It's kinda funny that they have this rly sick design for Monstar, but it's just a miniboss
i cant imagine blitz havving any push back
I found bow in the chest past the gate in green station yesterday KEKW
Blitz is more than likely to be S2 settings
I have a feeling next season will be highly popular
*Patrick star voice* I hate this randomizer
@Axl_SR ye, but that wasn't relevant to where bow was
The Star Children or whatever they're called look slightly more edible pink
makes me want a holiday cookie real bad
sugar cookies no doubt. with sprinkles
pink > red >>>>>> orange >>> yellow
I wonder what did the Boos taste like
dang I wanted to try the fight stick KEKW
But realistically, what would Boos taste like
that fuzzie can go die in a hole
"None of the minigames require HD Rumble or Motion Controls - it's all classic" lets go!
and for that he deserves death :)
so honkai star rail came out for ps5 last night and i just got my 1st 5 star
Mario looks like a grape gummy rn
all this defense strat talk is turning me on
I had 5 Last Stand's in TTYD64 before leaving Ch.2
nothing could hurt me it was great
Why do the birds have toes
Why is Raphael giving WikiFeet fuel
Ofc that happened when I was talking about feet
Why do Mario enemies look so edible now
Instead of submissive and breedable, just tell someone they're edible
and 15 star pieces you could get another defend plus
Why does Anti Guy look like he was just dunked in piss
if you get the third defend plus and use all 3 for a second I will gift 3 more subs
He fell into the communal toilet
Someone left the toilet seat up
He was pissed off that he was pissed on
verified the vod and yes it is 15 pieces
attack fx f is basically the final exodia piece
This looks less like a train and more like a car on rails
I almost said a car with wheels
Yes, a car does have wheels
"a four-wheeled road vehicle that is powered by an engine and is able to carry a small number of people."
tbh seems overly specific to me NiceSoftlock
yeah what if I make a car with 6 wheels, is that not a car Madge
I've seen those like, motortricycles or whatever lol
No normal person would drive that
oh I just googled it, that's disgusting lol
slingshots used to be advertised as a reward to a raffle prize
That feels like it could easily flip over
zero sun roof. dumb weather resistance for it
What's next, a two wheeled car
omg the beginning is already great
For the safety of everyone, plz keep to four wheels
Chocolate bar doors my old friend
"oh no, I've crashed it" KEKW
sees reddit post "were the pape controls always this bad?" And its all about playing on switch LUL
Imagine a female Boo named Boo-bies
Wait what did they have I wasn't looking
I get there is a boo-bies in Luigi's Mansion
But she isn't a Boo, I think
how dare you group flurrie in with boos
Like LM does have Game Boo Advance so why not?
A Boo with tits would look like a Castform
@LunaAmethyst oh I thought that was castform's sack
Autocorrect kept changing boobs to books
My phone is trying to save me from my degeneracy
The irony of a fire flower being in the Crystal Palace
Would the Star Spirit be in danger, potentially
Bowser just wanted to get into TCG
So he wanted the Star Spirits as cards
what if someone made a TCG from Paper Mario
Shadow Queen: You have to play the game in the dark
Professor Kolorado: You have to do a British accent for the rest of the game
Ok what's happening why cant you control mario?
Sounds very funny I like it
I feel bad for anyone with pollen allergies visiting here
Wait, was Berserker unused in the OG game
Why did they make intense music for this ONE SCENE
Deep jungle of the island was sick too
Like, this song is never played elsewhere afaik
Only Mario could have a rock thrown at him and be completely fine
Ok I'm surprised you only have 1 spirit at this time
Thanks ads. I heard nothing lol but it's all good
look like you will never die
You think your house will sell for much
I'm still loving the 3 Defend Pluses
The average place you use to live home value is alot
berserk attacks frontmost sadly i believe
is that a setting or the dev badge
yo tiger ty for the gl
Yo lopez thanks for the gl
i knew they were there but never looked at them
worst flower in all the fields
i've always just used different split files bc i know my early ones were no where near accurate on attempts and splits so i never bothered
like i think when i start up glitchless again i'm gonna make a new splits file
yeah if i accidentally start my timer i close and relaunch livesplit lmfao
on my newer splits which i do keep accurate
it also gets covered by the seed id lmao
oh wait it's actually a badge called Berserker
@lordlevias19 ty for the sub!! phanto274Lurk
LMAO triple defend plus at 1 thats hilaripous
and triple damage dodge just because
Mario is covered in the blood of his enemies
he's a basting in their ragu
i am upset that I missed 2 hours of this
this is basically Paper Mario if it was an autoscroller
im drunk and playing MTGO and just made a mistake and i am UPSET
i hope both those tubba keys are vanilla
at 5 scaled no, but i have seen it, probably at 1 scale
are we gunna berserker final bowser?
its ok since both will be in ch8 shop
i wonder whats behind that 4th ruins key now
dont tell me what to do
i always get this condom Adge
getting a dink on final is amazing
phanto274GG phanto274BLANKIES what a silly seed
why's Mario's defense so damn sturdy
check what was behind 4th ruins key
incase im not here B I R T H!!
Have a great night! Hyped for mario party phanto274Hype
oo shit, i have that, I might have to join some mario party if you need people
doing good, eating some left over chinese food
it wasnt allowing me to press it
we both know the noti was just invisible
Today is also mine! Happy birthday
i havent started drinking yet though
i will go whenever, im not picky
i havent even cracked my white claw open yet
wait can you use a GCN controller hooked up through an adapter on switch?
I'm heading home so I'll join the next one phanto274Hype
WHY DIDNT YOU SAY ANYTHING TO US LOL
Of course, had to get you a present str9ngLove
I gotta do some homework. Could you ping me in discord when this game finishes
You need to do this again, but we get drunk while we play
For the record, that wasn't me
i booted up my game and did some pokey pummel to warm myself up
Should we gamba for the winner?
if I lose my Phan-bucks it's phantom's fault
maybe chat'll finally win my money for a change
Daisy is the best character choice
im biased, nut also cheering Axl!
Axl is getting too greedy too fasts!!
oh boy time to ruin friendships?
I don't understand why 7 coins is an option
this game is so unfair like sometimes there is nothing you can do and you lose
I'll simply do bee hive skip
It seems we've reached a statemate ResidentSleeper
I feel like they could've added new bumper ball maps with gimmicks that doesn't cause stalemating
god I cant mait for MP3
At least this is a 1v3 where everyone can come out with some profit
Because it's your birthday. Happy Birthday! PartyHat
Happy is such a good emote
anyone want a piece of this toblerone, its been sitting in my fridge since christmas i forgot about it
It really be like that sometimes. Boos have a mind of their own.
100% this game is gunna be decided by those random bonus stars and nothing is going to have mattered
anyone else notice how DK has retractable teeth in this game
its even more noticeable here, you can watch them retract very visibly
i think i wouldve liked that game better if there werent characters that were literally just better than others
took me 4 refresh for 7tv to come back
its ok axl getting 4 stars at the end
i have 10 points riding on you axl gonna be very disappointed if i lose
wait punk is not a vip yet
I saw it happen in real time
SPENDING a KEY how DARE you
Around here, we play for keeps.
Keys are essential on some maps.
i was hoping for a 17
This will come down to the bonus stars
What did you do to that poor Chain Chomp's teeth?
80% of the time it works 100% of the time
There's a blue DK in Smash. Kappa
why would you use anything other than white DK tho
This is it. The final turn. The final countdown.
WHY THE FUXK CAN'T I LOSE THESE PHAN-BUCKS
GGs and shoutouts to cpunkc for the gifted subs PartyHat
The load times, plus all the pondering on what to do on your turn. LUL
good luck to the next round of people!
imma bet this time on the winner
i want me some more channel points for vip
oh no, iv doxxed myself and now everyone knows my real name, despite it being all over every bit of social media and discord nobody knew before right now
It's okay tunneling, pretty name jcogLove
im not predicting until characters are selected
i spent half my channel points for you
@Axl_SR i dont need characters to hope lol
can i refund? he just jinxed himself
What are these special channel points?
i got hella drunk the last time i played on this map
let me get my 10k points back
true, if i had the liquor to i would
shot ever loss in a minigame, red space, 2 shots for a bowser space
Phantom, don't drink too much. I need you at least moderately coherent
damn, I missed the chance to wager
If pallos gets last ill gift 5 subs when im home
at least the losers don't lose money from tgis awful minigame
It's ok phantom i got u to 16.9k
It's weird that this minigame ends with everyone dying
And for whatever reason, this particular instance is unskippable
Pot bigger than my personal savings
I got money that Bowser will do communism
How long will you do this for?
That's crazy, even with Pallos throwing...
@Ohrocks What should we do about it?
Gotta go glhf everyone but go luigi!!
I'll see if you're still on by the time I get home
winner by default is Luigi / Starr
Luigi wins by pushing the a button once.
the real Pallos would've been quick enough
I didn't know that could happen huh
kazamsCatglubhappy kazamsTestGlub kazamsCatglubhat kazamsCatglub kazamsTestGlub kazamsCatglubdoom kazamsCatglubnerd kazamsClownglub just getting these in the frequent bar
Joycon drift destroys this game LUL
My favorite is the Yoshi ones. "Lucky You" and "Close One"
Also known as Yoshi's "Whaaat?" emote
There are a grand total of 9 bonus stars.
It's possible to be in the running for 8 of the 9 bonus stars.
you can buy Reverse Mushrooms in 3, which were busted af
B I R T H D A Y
o/ good luck have fun y'all
Cuz you can go through skeleton key routes with said reverse shrooms
Reverse Mushrooms are still the most broken item in Mario Party history
@scrambleddragons hence why they've never returned
it's 20 coins that Pallos doesn't have
there's always next turn to land on Bowser
@buff00n #bringbackreverseshroom Bring broken items back to the forefront again. LUL
"weed o' clock" us just an average night outside of my Smash local
Jesse 100% says Pallos doesn't think
Jesse has responded to the question with: "Fuck no"
You're talking about the Wacky Watch
It just makes it so there are only 5 turns left but it's close. LUL
Why is this the stream it is?
@Ohrocks Because it's Phantom's birthday! PartyHat LUL
looks like another drink refill soon
i spent 13k on pallos lmao
One day ill get this game
@Phantom5800 If I sub right now, can I join? Kappa
man i missed a hefty gamba
guess u can play now lol
Are these games gonna be on youtube?
Thanks for letting me play, it was fun phanto274BLANKIES
so we have to end with birthday cake right?
even though its the worst map in the entire franchise
Are the games gonna be on the youtube?
lopez, we totally playing this down the road
ohhhhh if its not too much trouble, would you be available to do some trading in pokemon? i saw on twitter you have scarlet (i have violet)
Yo lopez thanks for the gl
I guess Ill wait and see
i had to pee for like the last 3 turns
can we like re do the GAMBA
im left with 529 points, lets get this dub
i need to see the dancing at least once this game
I think it's time for Bedge but I hope you've been having a good birthday Phantom raysLove
have you seen the tiktok of the guy saying "im picking the moon, the moon, the moon"
I wish I had a Ding Ding emote
what round is this of... 15?
have a good night, gonna get some sleep. Happy Birthday FeelsBirthdayMan
Man I was expecting Bowser to take all too
Yay star won the last game I gots me lots of channel points now!!
Hi. Happy vagina tear apart anniversary. Also you got a new follower.
wow it just auto wins at 5 KEKW
its ok phanto274Bless lopez getting some bonus stars
2 bonus stars coming up for lopez phanto274Bless
lopez how could you let me down like that peepoLeave
Good luck, may rng be in your favor
That is a very long set of chapters to do
is it bad i have almost 40 hours in star rail in less then a week?
If I'm not mistaken your not guaranteed ultra hammer right?
Almost don't need Sushi for this set
Kooper is like, ya mario help me out
Doing alright, still at work but wanted to pop in phanto274Smile hope you're having a good day
yeah it was i lost like 20k points last night
You should've bet on me heehee
i was hoping Pallos and lopez will win
@str9ngest9r you did awesome best 10k points spent
usually the seed ends when you beat bowser. hope that helps
i assume 4th key is locked in jail
Today is going to be a hot spring day  but it's also my daughters bday 
was that just the third tubba key
paid off for not going into the mansion
I think I would be cool if it was super effective against the Koopa bros, just knock their tower down
I would've joined but I plan on doing glundo today so I want to chill before I do 7 hours of self loathing
Harry is like "here, rip cheato is on me"
yoooo phantom you at the new spot?!
Feeling fine usage, I'm so proud 
cant block them as a kid or as an adult, same with dayzees OMEGALUL
What's up man. How was Party last night
I made the mistake of betting on Cat
You've got more syrup than all of Canada
Running around at the speed of spin!!
ive legit never seen anyone walk back into the forest after waking tubba, only in rando KEKW
how does it feel being OLDER
i got a shiny in fool's gold
thought you missed that shell shot for a second lol
I finally lost channel points last night
just kinda looking for distractions for 4 days until mario wonder is out
it's probably silly but i'll go out of my way to play nintendo games like 15 hours early if i can
I never go that far tho i just go within nintendo's region system
I'm just impatient and if they allow me too i'm going to lol
i do't wanna wait another basic 15 hours or whatever
Yeah i just i wanna play it never go for clicks or that garabge
Oh my bad, I thought this was a rando stream
Pap mayro sexty fortnite for the nine ten toe sexty fortnite
Laki in ice palace and palace key is in the NE path of ch 6
I have to go to TwitchCon for work so gonna discover what vegas has
OMEGALUL well it was almost in palace
just new to vegas, they just got some nerd named Phantom
Ice showed up in ice palace, kinda sus
I planned on coming back, then I saw what mimickyu can do
Oh that's free, maybe I'll get it real quick tomorrow
ice i got a shiny today :3
I find it hilarious that the beam is a dead zone for the trigger
Man mega jump feels so good
He does that. If I'm not mistaken bowser healing depends on how your and his health percentage compares
if you're watching this on youtube learn this run
I have never heard of it
but you DO have a talking ferret
rigby's gonna run that now. BELIEVE IT!!
I haven't played a ton of rando lately tbh
Probably good settings but I'm also not good enough to actually do seeds in 2 hours and don't often have time to dedicate 3 hours
I like the length, and it is fun, but my favorite aspect of rando is looking for the items rather than fight execution, which blitz takes away some of the focus of the former and more focus on the latter
I didn't mind that because I don't care for fights in general, but I could see how stale that would get for others
Yeah that I give the advantage to blitz for, different required chapters I enjoy a lot
I like the fights, figuring what strats I need. But I also like other randos as well
Season 2 full extreme rando, let's go
A turn-off for some people is the general difficulty of some battles, combined with the sheer size of the game
Sadly pape doesn't lend itself to a 90 minute romp where you just cut through every boss
Bleh, part of the fun is the puzzle. Where should I go, what can I do
^ Sure, but you can have that in smaller games randos as well, and not have it take a casual 4+ hrs.
just realised my name is confusing, it's Matt from the TDI discord
otoh I think this game works great for a comfy long rando session. Could be great in multiworld too
Paper mario multiworld, that could be fun
Multiworld would work great with this game
Nvm not gonna do glundo anymore after seeing that
I get that, yeah. I've seen people stream multiworlds, and when (not if) they enter BK they swap to a different game's rando, lol
Ya I mean I feel that multiworld is best done sparingly.
last time i did a MW i had to go to sleep and wake up to play more
and that with cheating very hard
Or you do multis of smaller games. Like, the metroid games with < 150 checks work very well for avoiding BK. At least if the session doesn't have too many players
It also depends on how many people you include
The only multi I've done is the link to the past/ super metroid rando
i think i had like 10 games? going and a couple people had more then 1 also
I mean, there's some that play a rando before playing the vanilla game even :D
But a good map tracker goes a loooong way with learning randos
Cough cough. I played alttp rando before the vanilla
I learned by watching alot of races
Ya i think thats true for alot of randos though
Oh yeah, those are the worst in randos
yeah the hidden path in the mushroom room, i didnt know existed till i started watching hundo speedruns and doing rando
also the trade event, i didnt know that existed at all either
I had a fun fun fun final Bowser
I should have grabbed one, he did the same to me
did you win that race? i went and did some grocery shopping so i missed everything after tubbas castle
I like that the tricks that rando communities find, just because you use items in different area that you wouldn't normally use them in
Apparently MegaPaul's comment is "missed soil somewhere sadge"
I didn't think to put fire shield on for a damage dodge fight either
i hate that check, its so hard to see if you missed it, if you just think you grabbed it youre fucked
yeah, some things you just cant see at all, so if youre not thinking about it being there
Ah, I didn't end up buying it
the LCL preset is up on the website now right?
I really need to learn it
I'm still impressed you smuggled that laki teleport in
That's just how much everyone hates pushing the blocks
which trick? is it the laki jump where you clip into the wall to get the quake hammer check?
I'd pu my money on the gap jump
I think for LCL it makes sense to not allow it just so then each chapter has more requirements to beat it
especially when the trick is just so free
id probably complain about it if i actually played these settings
I don't know why I thought it was the jumping from teh stairs one
I know how to do the trick, not my Job to complain about that one :)
I mean, is not requiring the pulse stone a big deal? You already need 6 different key items in the ruins alone. The entire ch7 need less
For the record, that trick is frame perfect with notched angles/keyboard but can be 2f with a slightly more left angle
@Icebound777 7 requires more than you think if you count partners and upgrades
Sure, I was more focussing on the single use keys
The huge number of single use key items is my bane in this game, but nothing can be done about that
For my taste, pape has too many items that can only be used in one specific location. Compared to other randos, that is
did you turn it in for a seed or am i thinking of the race
Would be a different case if there was combi-keys, like "PulseStone+StarStone"
i know you turned in mailbag and got a seed, i dont remember if that was recent, or during the race
I haven't seen a key-ring suggestion before. Someone ages ago asked for a Keysy setting (all key locks unlocked from start), though
i know youve talked about keyrings before
Idk I'm used to the zelda antimatter keys so it doesn't bother me that much
Could be interesting, though. Instead of multi-dipping dungeons, you just find the "full dungeon is open" item.
Although I'm not sure about stuff like the ruins stones, or the like
third tubba key, everything past the first fortress key, 4th ruins key
Blue key may actually be required, sometimes :p
Also, those coin blocks behind blue key may get more signifiance soon, so prepare to look for blue key more often xp
Although, wouldn't a dungeon key ring hurt even more if it was placed within its dungeon
it also means you can get more rewarded for dipping a dungeon early and finding it
Idk I dont like it, but I can understand why other people would like it
It's kind of like a Big Key in the wild, I guess? Same with the ruins stones and palace key
are we allowed to help or
Would it help to guarantee "Big Keys" in their dungeons? Like, palace key is always in Crystal Palace, Tubba's always has one key and so on
Idk I feel it would be the same as giving the player all the big keys off the bat.
didnt u get kooper in flower fields?
oh right yeah we got kooper
@sselwalf would it? I guess in some dungeons, yeah.
Yeah, there's way too few dungeon item locations in pape
I feel there is a compromise here.
Maybe that concepted but never implemented "lock keys to their chapter" setting could help
oh my god wooper is just pure flying and is a cloud in fool's gold lmao
Although ch7 would be kind of lame I guess
Oh, I hadn't thought about it like that
I dont suppose it would be possible to throw in extra keys? Like sword and tunic upgrades in alttp rando?
Maybe just having it count for literal keys?
Darn. Always these meddling warehouse keys
could have it tie warehouse key to just getting the item from the mayor
Or just force warehouse key vanilla. But do something about the murder mysters cutscenes first
@sselwalf That is a workable idea, but sadly not the way the rando is set up atm. Currently, if you spawn the exact same key item again, it just vanishes
This avoids the issue with repeatable locations
so you arent restricted on going past shiver city, but you need to either do the start of the murder cutscene, or turn in warehouse key and finish the murder mystery and get the item in the lake and the bucket check
And I assume each key has a separate ID, thats why they appear in different spots on the in-game tracker
functionally it just turns warehouse key into an item like record, mailbag, etc
@sselwalf Yup, that's how we guarantee non-repeatable items. This also means there's 100+ unique star piece item IDs in rando
On topic of the gap jump again, I assume there will be a trick list review before s2 starts. I mean, there was one for s1 and that worked great, right
Just put the most outlandish tricks, so they get into a huff, then take those out to put in the tricks you actually want.
Now, what if the star spirit cards were shuffled items
the item in pleasant path taht required kooper?
did you check the vine in the top left path?
It makes me feel better when a professional gets stumped on a seed. Lol
Randovania places final boss keys required for their games in somewhat late-weighted locations, maybe that could work for spirit cards
yeah like how dread rando you have the metroid DNA weighted to be on bosses
No no, that actually sounds like a good idea to fight Lantern Ghost 
One of these days I'll get into dread rando. But MP2 rando first
That sounds like the perfect Sunday evening YEP
I'm just astonished by Randovania in general. I can play multiworld of the Metroid Prime games on console, with an auto tracker on my PC, like what
idk how it is for playing on console, for playing on emu its fine for me
I took a look at the docs you posted for the x7. Well, uhh. I'm not sure im qualified for setting that up yet
If I can get clover hyped for on-console multiworld we have that running with a day or so. So I'm working on that I guess lol
I mean, there is this exact thing for snes flash carts already
goombario is just a swarm of nanobots
Even if it was almost plug&play?
I waste so much time clicking things at bad times and forgetting to track them I would heavily consider it if it wasnt too complex
There is an autotracker for pm rando, but it only works with bizhawk and emotracker
If I didnt play on Everdrive and didnt love Phantoms tracker I might have considered it
I mean, yours has the map, which is a gigantic boon to most players
the only thing I like about the emotracker one is how it combines the berries and allows you to mark partner upgrades
Apparently there was a map tracker in dev for emotracker, but the dev dropped it
I needed the map bad too when I first started
I'm a bit loyal to emotracker
theres something to be said about just rawdogging a rando with no tracker
Whats to be said is why would you want to do that to yourself NotLikeThis
I think emotracker's mostly fine. Sadly it's Windows-only
I still look up a map for dry dry desert
I wish Emotracker wasn't what most good trackers were built on :/ closed source and not cross-platform at all
@Amishman19 i do that with dread
Oh right, that, lol. Does right click unmark it? Does it decrease the progressive item state? Does it open a new menu nobody asked for?
Sounds like randomizing the tracking too Kappa
@thetunnelingcat Then you are a better person than me lol
Granted, that might be on the coder of the particular tracker
@Amishman19 eh with dread rando its not like a tracker does anything for you, you probably know what abilities you have, the only thing you might not know is metroid dna
I couldnt finish and now I have food lol
So right and left click track different items on the same slot?
@thetunnelingcat OkY thats fair, with Metroid games its probably a lot easier to manage. I was thinking in a this or Zelda kinda way which I wouldnt touch without a tracker
@Icebound777 yeah thats how the berries work in the PM tracker
and blue berry and bubble berry are another slot together
pape emo tracker does that for lyrics and melody
I made the scariest jack o lantern monadoUwU
I mean, that's sacrificing a lot of usability for having the tons of items in a "stream friendly grid"
So, does it just hide things the player could want to track but aren't important enough for on-stream?
Back in time for a new rando seed phanto274BLANKIES
I was certain the race today was gonna be season 1 "so Ill just do all sanity weekly" LUL
Doesn't the emotracker website also say something like "yeah the docs suck, deal with it"? lol
I thought it was gonna be s1 too Axl lmao
That sounds like it falls in the weird flex but okay category
I assume no one here is gonna do the extreme async?
All I was missing was diamond, lunar and 1 tubba key after 6 hours lol
I take that back, there's a fat docs tab on the website, but it sends you to a 404 site with "coming-soon" as the url
I am not either, I dont think Ive ever done a non race seed lmao
if you don't document it what's the point of making it public, like do u want ppl to use it or not
I'm very guilty of terrible docs. Luckily the pape rando website makes us not really require it
I'm so glad we have Pronyo on the team
for mm you have to join the discord to get a patch file from a bot
^ tbf that's how many link to the past seeds are rolled nowadays, the website is rarely used
Although that's probably owed to the splintering of that rando between dozens of repos
Idk I still use the website
for alttp i gen a seed on my pc
Wait so you have to use the universal randomizer Jesus
Thats why I didnt ever use it either lmao
Dope that that even works instead of borking the rom
Time for that magnifying glass application to shine
Sounds like a lot of skill
I think dread has that way simpler IIRC? Let me check
Seems like Randovania allows a direct export to a modded switch via FTP so you don't have to finaggle with it. Guess you turn it on in the SimpleModManager homebrew tool then
I can just say it again Randovania, as a tool, is just nuts
Can confirm, FTP clients are available once you have your switch hacked
Time to get a switch cam to get that content when it  finally dies
Oh, maybe the SD card is dying? Or does it also happen to internally saved games
Oh that reminds me off the arguments around Animal Crossing back when. When people got angry that modders could easily backup their islands, but Nintendo Online didn't let them
i like this one and the lavender one
It's partially bc every account on the same Switch shares an island
in OG animal crossing they didnt like us resetting without saving. They even made someone just to lecture you about not doing it
you know what convenient? my bridge to ch7 has ultra hammer, watt and laki LUL
I was so upset where Laki and the palace key were in  the race, I made a stupid gamble to check 6 first
I guess everyone made that choice then cause I did the same thing only to come back with red key and be mad lol
So speaking of looking everywhere for that 3rd tubbas castle key
I mean thats not necessarily a bad thing, but ya very suspicious
I mean thats probably be me when you upload your vod to YouTube
Yo Ice, great commentating the other day on Phantoms run! phanto274BLANKIES
Thanks! I just sort of farted around
And ill be like woah deja vu, but then see you talking to past sselwalf
Well the farting around was funny lmao
I wouldnt want to start a boss fight ever without Spin Attack equipped, S tier
You know what would be funny, spin attacking lava piranha
that prologue one is gonna be tubba 3
Rolf items are 2 fortress keys and 1 tubba key, watch
bruh... people are already modding wonder...
It feels like its 10:30 pm
What do you mean, it's 9:10pm Kappa
i wanna see if this gets auto modded.
nah i best not just backpaced the comment.
By believing in the heart of the cards!!
Is there something wrong with the badge cost scaling, I've noticed that after they included the beta badges the costs are more likely to be higher?
Idk I feel like there's been a shift. I could be crazy.
I just feel I've been seeing more 8 bp cost badges. But once again I could just be seeing something that isn't there
sometimes its just bad luck of the draw
i do like this hammer palette though
You can give it a perma sub
pay yourself 2 dollars every month lol
Nightbot has a perma sub for me lol
I can give 3 users a perma t3 sub
But I can't take it away from them
They could, but the wants the money
I can also get 2 bots
They answer partner support incredibly fast
tubba key coming first check you get to
Have you considered putting Parakarry up for adoption?
Who wants a mailman who loses mail
I'll take him, he's still more competent than my fed ex driver
Yeah lets see a fed ex driver do that
I mean, they could. Got a big van that could hit hard... Let's hope they don't though?
I noticed you skipped it, but I didn't say anything because I believe this was a race
Ok back from the ad break what did I miss
I have done this and it hurt
I missed the the inn check before twice lmao
See ya next time space cowboy
what makes 101 different from 100?
antiguy squad? was that cut in rando?
your background is almost as bright / shiny as Morph's
Doing good hella slept in today lol how are you?
still re coving from my pulls yesterday in star rail
So what you're saying is, incoming WR? phanto274Smile
Aww man that spin so slow 
The extra 1% is literally just All Bosses, right?
Then again, the amount of optional bosses on PM64 is surprisingly large :O
Ooh yeah, the dojo is part of 100% despite being "optional", right?
Would you do a ttyd 100%?
If the Metal Cap power up was available in this game, would Mario change to Tinfoil Mario?
yo tiger ty for the gl
Yo lopez thanks for the gl
yeah definitely don't trust all the menuing instructions and rebadges OMEGALUL
Are you streaming from heaven right now
stepped away what's worth changing lmao
Phantom moved and became god Kappa
i think we get it now bc we get magical seed right before quake hammer
nah way back we get the star piece
oh panel is later with quake
the star piece and coin ring is way back from ch2
About to leave for a family dinner but gl
oh ok i was hovering over the time out button but since it was kaizo u safe
But galaxy kaizo is a lot of fun
LMAO thats where slow go is?
this is without a doubt the worst rando i've ever seen
Oi everyone needs to stop playing this until I bop them
like you're even doing every single check
Bro forgot to return the slab
So if this route is more optimal, this means pb then right?
So what does bowser event want with peach?
Oh Pallos... You innocent mind Kappa
"That peach" means something else LMAO
its a good thing that mega rush is in ch 3, imagine the only way to have good fights for 3 and 4 was if you had to go out of your way with peach and drop off power rush right away
I won't tell anyone if you rock climb back up
if that ultra shroom block wasnt changed in rando id skip that check every time
@Ohrocks I beat bubble breeze ohrocks
if there is a heaven it better come with a stats screen, I wanna know how many entire chickens ive consumed in my lifetime
Is the other item in the forest not something you need?
This route doesn't get that volt shroom? Ok this route is easily superior
@pallos7 I'm not proud of you
No homeward shroom in this rando
You were supposed to beat it when I wasn't making food smh
This route better officially then, that volt shroom sucks
My down right is more right than down
Got to watch your vod on the race at the tail end of work so didn't know you were live until I checked discord lmao
I just noticed how much bow shakes her ghost tail when she hides mario
My guess was cringe peril off of tubba so this is much better lmao
Where does tubba run off to
oh, you dont have it over there?
At least we got Popeyes Rigby
Heard it was life changing tho
Not only am I Canadian, I also live in Quebec, and compared to the rest of Canada,  we don't get shit here either
We have Popeyes and KFC and Mary Brown's that's about it for fried chciken
I remembered what phantom said the other day
I ran out and got a USB C to HDMI so I can have a verticle monitor
I could go for some fried chicken rn
I could go for some fall clean up of my yard right now pepeW
Cause it's going to rain tomorrow and I can't put it off any longer Sadge
@realblopez send me it too :)
How can I sub 7 playing an older route
I got it, but ik maddi skips it
How about talking to me bot?
darn it came at the end oh well
Missed good by 9 min? Washed
I'd still mash that, or try
But I'll do stone cap if I still can't mash for shit
You just robbed the poor man
where can I find the tricks allowed in the blitz races
ive been watching your youtube vods
I didn't know they had internet in heaven
"why wasn't that ultra boots? I'm so confused."
it was originally to save a repel for money
but we're so rich we dont need it
so im gonna route the normal fight back in
so which time counts more the left or right?
I just now realized there is a pokemon isekai
oh? I was gonna say mystery dungeon KEKW
that async seed I ran had flower fanatic at 6BP, that was so nice
I'm so glad to be watching on my night off
his name is whacka after all
Oh frick big aheadge now LETSGO
oh it's the quizmo section then Sadge
Is 64 of the 96 star pieces really from quizmo
I must become nastier at kof
I can't tell if the timesave is real because of quizmo
I wish you could hit the toad children with the hammer
Not just like whacka with funny textbox tho let me actually crush them
How much time does new route theoretically save
EzekielSD is what I saw when I watched on mobile this weekend
how cursed is this so far lmfao
looks like you got a lot of quizmo done
yeah this is the part im curious about with money
i'm tryna see if the wallet gets maxed after ch5
Lopez can you pass me this route too?
Knowing a new route exists is the only reason I didn't start a run tonight, so I'm saved for now
No surprise take some time getting use to it anyway
Definitely faster than when I tried getting around him in my run
yeah idk the lure for this guy either lmfao
If that route had another fright jar I was gonna block lopez
just have 160 at the end EZ
It's hard to not cheat here now
could maybe keep ch4 shooting star or something lmao
idr how much it sells for lke 20 maybe
Would I be allowed on the board if I played with a mod that puts censorship pixelation over the raven feet
yeah those are also probably not worth given coin count
NOTED never let lopez route anything
i assumed you havent bought any badges yet since dodge master?
quake hammer was leftover from old route lol
make sure to not fan smack the shy guys next time you farm cake mix lmfao
imagine if dodge master was a badge in the field
this game would be so good
this is where the badges are weird
you use one repel on master 3
and the rest are backups i think
yeah you go to ch8 with 3
will be interesting to see how many items and which we can cut
Apparently my boss' son has been watching your stream on my phone for the last 10 minutes
wait what sorry i missed what you said
pretty sure that's what the og route did
could be an if you're low on coins thing
i will when i actually format this lmfao
it'll actually be readable just wanna make sure it works first OMEGALUL
also apparently you can go straight left and right in that room
has the recipe menuing been right so far
so i think you just need one extra drop from moles
i hope this is right too
this is where i think multibounce is good just for fp reasons
did you get stinky herb on the way in
forgot you can get item drops from these
the idea is you get through, upgrade, swap back bc you'll get another encounter probably
but if you fight them all on teh way in it doesnt matter lol
you'll want to eat healthy juice before laki
yay i actually finished a blitz rando
i only died to final once :V
and route has us eating it on the last spook we do in super block room
i mathed wrong and thought I was putting him 1 above heal threashhold but was actually putting him to exactly that, and then he healed, and i died
he lightninged twice in a row and i couldnt block either as well. i wouldve had him dead if he didnt heal, then also if i hit either of those blocks I couldve still saved it
That's why I never tried to math out bowser and just prayed EZ
this is the first one of these i actually finished, my time was a 2:22:27
i used a 7bp Ddown jump
i only had 10 FP, and it was only 1, mega jump was 3, but cost 5 fp
i did have dizzy stomp for jr though, and it was 1 and 1
had spike shield too, so he was just easy mode
i still am so lost with this category but sticking around. djcLurk fuzzyLurk jcogLurk majinLurk obiyoLurk phanto274Lurk  fave boss though
wow nearly ahead with goombario upgrade
I also cant believe The HumanTasBot was beaten by Puncay
i was thinking that until you did it lmfao
was gonna spam if you didnt OMEGALUL
they're not right for sure OMEGALUL
it's supposed to be power shock but lmfao
mainly just for the first block lmfao
probably getting routed out at this rate
could be easier movement tho with wall cancel
probably just more used to it lol
there's an outta sight fight for this but i think this one is better
yeah you're right should be same as gless
yeah i can def get rid of that and just say do chet later
if you somehow dont have enough
You breathed on the Pokey and he died
still pb pace yet im still so beestLost
Wasnt there something in the library or did I miss hear you/stupid LMAO
Does anti guy guard a star piece?
you sell two more junk items and that's it
it's after cooking is done and theyre hp restoring items so useless lol
i think if you know you're good on coins they could stay in inventory and wont mess up stuff but idk yet lol
this peril manip is sick af
0 fp tho hmm something needs to be off
jump x2 is supposeed to kill
i think this spook is the same as maze fight spook
right away and on the first switch jump you can burn without losing time if you make the first cycle
and if you miss cycle then just finish the manip
whats the 30k a reference to?
just dont jump on the cannons
would be nice to route a big fp healing item into the last cooking
I'm a little shocked you remember this dungeon given how long it's been since I've seen you not do rando
should have damage dodge for block 2/2 jr right
pretty sure it starts at 13
this vod will be good for figuring out the ending rebadge lmfao
clown car bowser sprite has pinchable cheeks
just so you're aware you split your star rod
algebra is the true villian of this game
I have never been so confused in my life.
probably not bc oh anti guy attack
but also probably not much slower
i want to count the coins with minimum drop rng
and see what it ends up at
yeah i had it for old route
glad to know this works tho
jcogGERS phanto274GG jcogGERSC phanto274GG jcogGERS popesPOGGERS_HF majinPOGGERS raggenHpos raggenSonic popesPOGGERS_SG
i think i'm gonna bring back repel on general guy
will maybe try to reroute an fp item to the ending if it's easy
@buff00n It's a good one to have
i'm keeping cringe super blooper though for now lmfao
cba to power shock in thie category
yeah i'm gonna leave it off for sure
yeah it worked out really well
and not getting extra badges early means consistent menuing for longer
i'll assume multibounce in the route
if you spook all of them yeah but i think ideal is spook one
the far left one bc it has 4 enemies
you also have a chance at amazee dayzee
i'll see what the coin totals look like with worst coin drops at that point
yeah probably power plus or something
honestly would be good to try to get the last 2 hp recipes earlier
and bring fp ones to the end instead
so we can sell the hp ones when it still matters
thx for the best and most epic time here
but sells for 25 so would be a big loss
idk how much we sell it for
Are the upgrades progressive for each partner or can you get an ultra rank move before super rank?
yo phantom, interested to see the new settings, seems wacky phanto274Thonk
good chapter to start with if i recall
bcuz they do it all there
i'm sure you've answered this 69420 times already but what is new
this is why rando is so interesting
i played this game to death and am still learning new things
You should have created a video of yourself explaining that you could run everytime your asked
Wonder what sprite they used for each upgrade.
blue spheres? NO WAY ! NO WAY ! NO WAY ! NO WAY ? NO WAY ! NO WAY ! NO WAY ! NO WAY ?
so you don't even know whose it is?!? oh dear
so you cant see what the upgrade is phanto274Thonk unless its in a shop
imagine you really need an upgrade for someone and you keep finding them but they're all for everyone else lmao
Wonder if a picture of the partner combined with the blue circle would be good. Or some way to tell the difference between them.
where's the fun in that pete
There are several places you wouldn't normally otherwise visit
Get to do a lot more exploring the sewers with this setting
Oh man the upgrade block in flower fields with all those daisies is going to be annoying.
Good thing you can cheat Kappa
I would love to have a redeemable where you have to complete a rando with goombario maxed out
Gl hf on the, uh, allsanity I assume?
The ultra stone is just removed from the pool, right?
Yea sorry, mobile does that to it LUL
fell asleep to your stream last night 
my bad it was not boring tho
was just so intrigued my brian shut down
phantom i think the bloom on your streaming area is set too high
i had a long day i am about to pass out so clean
ggs on glundo now featuring more coins pb
i wish i wasn't at work i wanna play more pokemon fool's gold
tried to run with the route earlier but i muscle memory'd only getting 1 lemon and reset, couldnt get past chapter 1 after that phanto274Smile
yea i'll probably just sit down and do an offline run this week so i can focus on the route changes
eh maybe i'll stream it no mic idk
DK won't be happy about that
i was just thinking it would be funny if you could randomize the color of the lava and the water lol
Bombette is the hero we need
yo nice lava puzzle skip and ultra hammer early
Find that mail in the big chest, Parakarry
man parrakarry was snoozin that chest
at least laki is here to make this slightly less cringe phanto274Smile
now we go again lets fuckin GOOO
I do like the ice flavored mario
I'll change that block not vanishing btw. It'll get the lava puzzle treatment
See people this is how you do it. Don't post suggestions on discord, just mention it again and again on stream lol xp
fuck yea i love the desert
The desert's just the best. Especially with annoying music shuffled in
like the murder mystery music right? OMEGALUL
I was thinking the pleasant path peg music
Oh god I forget about that.
Okay, to be less snarky, we should add those. Probably not terribly urgent tho.
i just read all the tracker stuff lmfao
wait new sound fx badges?! quizmoPog
FX F is flat out the best fx badge
He probably has a Goombario Up on 60
the upgrades are the friends we made along the way
Tbf I'm surprised how fast people are finding the upgrade items. Kind of odd. But I couldn't find anything wrong with the randomness of their placement
obiyoLurk jcogLurk phanto274Lurk fuzzyLurk djcLurk majinLurk PokChandelure  whole time is so awsm.
omg get the upgrade it's real good
It looked good though. Just jump right then hold down shouldve done it
I didn't know of the flap counting method. I just use the tap jump right to get the camera turn
Good evening! I'm curious what the new settings are in the randomizer
I'll just keep watching and find out!
Do any of the new changes involve skipping chapter 8
there's been a shortened 8 for weeks
I dont wanna fight final bowser lmao
Could always do the power star hunt
well, there's this really simple way to skip a final boss.... Kappa
I just wanna play a rando and then just be done after finding everything
You could also just turn the game off when you've found all the stuff
yeah, thats what i meant :)
Oh, I know, you could do the arbitrary code execution glitch and just load the credits that way
Well, maybe someone will find a way to do ACE on English someday
ooh get the coin, good value
I wonder if you could modify the name of a save file manually using a hex editor to have character 80 on English.
i could use a Dial rn to help me sleep
That isn't quake bounce is it?
Spider-Man 2, the OG one with Tobey Maguire on Gamecube lol
why did the Boo panel break?
Very casual lol. Great game but controls don't age well
Do we know if the clones are still active if you HS and come back?
That's what I was asking, if you had to use Kooper again
As opposed to having 5 NPCs just waiting when you walk in the room
You don't have to, though, do you?
So you have glitch logic on? Guess I missed that part
You don't normally do that with extreme seeds, do you?
You need Super Boots for that, no
can't spell 'shrink' without 'ink' thInk about it
Guess they never expected you to Shrink Stomp Blooper 1, fair enough KEKW
Max settings? And I see that we have upgrades mixed in the rando. LUL
Maybe one day they'll put in a setting to throw away key items/badges.
That was one of 3 NPCs they gave new palettes to this patch for whatever reason
The others are Goomba Bros and Harry
Okay for real now, what is up with these star pieces
Panels are shuffled but we can't flip any yet
Didn't Pronyo say that was already there?
And 4 FP Mega Bomb phanto274Hype
What are you looking for currently?
I recently watched your badges tier list video on YT. I wish I was there to watch it live. phanto274Cry
You wanted a smooch and got stardust instead LUL
Tier List videos get people talking for sure.
More sewer checks! And panels everywhere!
Hey Im new here, do you play paper Mario often?
We do a lot of PM64 rando here phanto274Smile
With occasional speedruns mixed in sometimes
Thats sick definitely gonna hop in often
Randos, speedruns, playthroughs, you name it. phanto274BLANKIES
Is the badge shop rando too?
@ActionsHaveConsequences_ Yep, the settings are maxed out so everything's random.
Why dont you turn that one on?
Yeah that would definitely be obnoxious to check
If you haven't been here before, you should check the coin block
Walking this way doesn't permanently skip the cutscene...
Damn, you are stacked on items
Oh if you didn't read patch notes, they nerfed CK
AI was adjusted and healing amount was reduced
Patch notes say "heal potency scales with chapter difficulty" so 20 HP at ch4 probably not supposed to happen
how does '5 HP / chapter' sound Kappa
Partner upgrades are now in the item pool?
Goombario is ultra rank but will still never see a battle Sadge
So what happened to the upgrade blocks?
Except the one he watched from his hiding place
They either contain coins or items
Can they be replaced with coin blocks?
I assume you checked all the multis last time you were here?
The 2 most inconvenient dungeons are swapped phanto274Smile
Can't wait to have to climb the entirety of Shiver Mountain and Tubba's Castle just to pick up Yakkey and dip phanto274Smile
Does Bow even get you anything with glitch logic?
Who we using on Bowser today? You've got a lot more options than normal with these settings and a reason to not use Watt
Air Raid strictly better than Shell Shot, you never get to see it bc you don't upgrade Parakarry if Shell Shot is 4 lol
Do you need Ruins Keys for ch2?
i think we opened a can of never ending worms
Making Nutty Cake like this phanto274Mash
You'd need Sushie to turn that in anyway
Remember when you picked up Melody and said it probably wouldn't matter? phanto274Smile
Eh, you'll probably find at least 1 by the time you get there
You forgot you skipped the Warehouse Key a billion times OMEGALUL
I had a longer list, but I couldnt get it all in.
That Kooper hate is real. phanto274Cry
Is it faster to talk to them or reload the room?
TBF I didn't know they would leave if you talked to them lol
I think there are potentially 5 checks w/ 0 keys in Tubba's?
Wait yeah 4 bc you can't get that one
Lot of new people lately, welcome phanto274Smile
I heard that there was a new paper Mario thing happening
Yeah a friend of mine just finished a run just now
I got goombario to ultra rank!!
i never found one for bombette
Y'all ever have those moments when you're perfectly fine and then get home and all of a sudden you're exhausted
captsh3Burn that's the moment when you consume chocolate
Do you play a lot of paper Mario phantom?
But I dont wanna walk to crumbl
I havent gotten 1 in the last 2 weeks
This week has multiple bangers that I want
I've never heard of this crumble place before
The "I gotta have a taste for it" good.
Ok awesome. I'll replicate it and steal
captsh3Burn I'm a master baker after all
This week has Molten Lava, cookie dough, cake batter, and peanut butter chocolate
We did it, we saved the world by saving the Yoshis
I wonder what that tastes like?
Kolorado had toy train the whole time
captsh3Kappa look everyone, kolorado is useless yet again
That's not an Anti Guy. That's a Ghost Guy
He's just a weaker version of the Phantom Ghost. Kappa
blue key potentially actually needed now
it was so wild seeing #tracker so active today
You could potentially wait until you have Yakkey
i did a seed with all the stuff like this earlier, had the funniest build
def plus and damage dodge were both 1bp
oh yo how's the new setting
The best part of every game is when you get to stop playing and let the game play itself YEP
If you wanted to be optimal, you could do 4th Ruins Key check, Tutankoopa, and then Pokeys YEP
Interesting that the wall was still there
Always nice when the sanities matter
I thought you did that, like, a long time ago
Can you imagine if recipes were random. LUL
Is that... a 5th FP Plus?
I had my white girl dinner or whatever the kids are calling it and feel asleep. Where did you find the tubba key?
The Master had the Tape. Who would've thought? Kappa
This is how Allsanity seeds are /supposed/ to go
Bad seeds are a rarity but when they happen... oh boy
If it was in a shop, it might have been Shiver City
Just to be clear, you did check those coin blocks in Gulch, right?
I remember you tossing a Cake Mix from an NPC
Been a fun seed so far but I gotta Bedge, maybe I'll watch the VOD later
damn 3rd tubba key go mode oh no
heya, was nice chatting about boards earlier, hope youre doing well btw jcogRollo
thats such bullshit but also hilarious
this has to be the talking key for the cutscene right?
now those boos are going to sit there for like half an hour holding Tubba back
i was lurking so i didn't even get to see the upgrades pick ups Sadge
Yoshis, Ghosts, and Moaning SFX just makes Power Bounce that much impactful
I will never unsee Goombario being Governman thanks to Book of Mario jakebo11Goomther
As it should. Because Yoshis deserve to be saved.
Like literally I saw you start streaming, came back after I was done streaming, and you were still going lmao
sounds like this was a very fun seed
honestly most of the glitches I know from this game are the dumb useless ones lmao
Like Peach% and the pause menu background thing and stuff
I mean, I used to practice All Cards like, years ago
Well, practice is a strong word, more like I loosely followed the route and did the glitches because HahaPresent
I always thought the Star Beam sounded like an ice cream truck jingle
I love how much Bowsers Fire chugs the framerate
I started watching your vod from last night but only had time for the first hour
Rolo, KitKat, Reeses, and standard Hershey
i need to finish it lol
in a week for honkai star rail  2 character banners come out i want them both
but i can only get 1
unless i get lucky but star rail is fucking me phanto274Shrug
movee stuff around in yami's tracker is interesting. I like it in concept but not so sure for stream layouts
@blacktiger51 I guess you can say Honkai is "railing" you
in short the normal banner gave me a 5 star weapon at like 80 pity then got lucky and... got another 5 star weapon like 2 wishes later when i really need characters
such a funny name to gift KEKW
yesterday when i did my seed, i hammered quizmo's tree there and got a partnerr upgrade, "oh! thats how that works" LUL
One thing I mentioned in Jcog's stream she didnt even notice. "I like the faster partner upgrades"
you just grab and go, there is no upgrade aniamtion
more checks behind ultra hammer giving it more use is kinda cool
Some of the Star Spirits are still lit up
yeah, I was thinking tracking upgrades would be nice but once I got my stride in it didnt feel that important. That said emo tracker lets you track that
Gone for like 5 mins and you have boots and hammer upgrade phanto274Cry
Which would you rather have, a headache or a stomachache
Stomachache for me, Because headaches make it impossible for me to fall asleep
Same. I also just learned that my stomach issues might be from my gall bladder going though
something I never thought of... logically do you need watt to open ch 7?
With a headache, I can typically just pop a Tylenol and chill
excuse me... 12 minute in and super boots/ultra hammer!?
Found change outside to buy extra badge
Man, this new Luigi's Mansion game looks WEIRD
guess u never need more fp now
Why tf is Kent allowed to just guard
Dude has a nerd face with a bully body
Dude's so ugly he stands in the way so that people are forced to look away, instead of realistically running away in abject horror
That apple pie be running away
I wonder if he'll dress up like the Nostalgic Critic
so how was the travel to vegas from where you are now :P
Why am I being so mean to Kent lmao
about as quick as my work commute then
Well I can't be meaner than his parents, who cursed him with the name KENT C.
i hope kent step on a Lego
Do you think Kent was always his name or did he change it to lent after he got glasses?
We should make a command that makes gamesbot ask "Hey Phantom, has your stuff shown up yet?" KEKW
@blacktiger51 I hope he has to open packaging with zip ties on it
Clear Scotch tape you have to peel off
i hope when kent on the orange website he will be on page 150 and not find a vid to watch
@blacktiger51 At that point, it's a them issue
I hope when he sits down to eat something, he doesn't have something to watch or listen to
OH, I hope Kent gets those moments where you don't know if you're going to sneeze or not
I hope Kent gets an itchy nose while on a really good combo in a rhythm game
Something like Project Sekai would be the best, but any works
Kooper is rocking the bi colors except for blue rn
Why does the plant have saliva
OH, I hope Kent's pillows are always warm
Nono, I hope his bed is always hot
No icy cold comfy bed for him
Ah yes, my favorite Mario brother, Lucario
Everyone knows Mario, Luigi, and Lucario
YOOOO DUDE THAT WAS SICK BRO
Why didn't they just eat the Yoshi
how do you have 25 FP?
no, been catching up on discord LUL
Now I know why Fod is a Kooper Believer
Can we flag general guy as an insect pls
I thought you forgot you can push that block. Was wondering what you would do KEKW
Fifteen plus fifteen is thirty. Also sixteen plus sixteen is thirty too! Cheer100
damn, I wanted spiderman to score higher than mario on metacritic
yeah, you were quite mixed with the first one
well see the issue is the hallucinations were already in the first spider-man so it didn't have that to combat mario wonder's hallucinations
Are you excited for any of the upcoming mario switch games about to come out? A bunch are in preorders
@shebbyxoxo I'm waiting on Wonder to download to my Switch and I've a voucher for SMRPG
wonder's already preloaded. i'm playing sonc now tho
oh damn, I've gone through your entire list of Crystal randos on YouTube
surprising since you're missing so much stuff
LUL i hope parakarry is there
theres always checks along the way
LUL the one time mario hits on peach
captsh3Kappa no i dont wanna bank with tangerine
popesPOGGERS_HF minimi6Pog majinPOGGERS obiyoPog ghunzoEPOGna fuzzyPog PogBones popesPOGGERS_SG jcogGERS phanto274GG jcogGERSC phanto274GG
captsh3Kappa i demand youtubers sub to this man
even though i got rid of my ad blocked
then went from the x button to, 3 videos and you're blocked out
LUL youtube might change their mind after everyone just quits using it.
theres other ways to do it, but not like this
they don't care if you doxx someone either
if i had to guess, the amount of people using adblock is way less than the amount of people not using it right
i dont want it if they're pulling this crap
i vouch for premium because i watch on like 3 different devices
have you seen that drama going down?
keeping up with adblocks on everything is more annoying
I just deal with the ads phanto274Shrug
It's not like you miss content like on Twitch
ok i figured out the problem
it's been pretty wild watching it going down
my malware protection was also blocking ads
Starts game with all chapters done
so you start with all the star spirits?
Almost the same as last time
You saved that Yoshi last time bc of a letter
you are never going to guess what happened last night during your stream
im just tryna make it in here you stream too late
it was in the negative degrees today :(
Negative Celsius not the same thing
my sauna is usually around 80
Also 80F != 80C, very important
i didnt know fahrenheit even goes to negatives
like i thought itd have to be super super cold
It was -50C in winter last year
thats how hot its get in saunas
have you ever been in one
I will refer to PhantomGamesBot if I'm traveling outside the US
Can't say I've been in a sauna but I'd say East Texas in the summer is close enough
Oooh okay lmao I love hot tubs!
its this cold in my room rn
A cheater would only need Palace key to finish from here
i spent like an hour on my first playthrough tryna do this stupid puzzle
didnt realize i could use laki
Only battle partner from now on?
people hate on it too much i love the game
im really looking forward to ttyd on switch next year
Thank you Sticker Star for deflecting the SPM hate
never had a gamecube and been wanting to play it for ages
ok sticker star was alright tho
Good question, you knew this was high scaled...
ok anyways time to stop chatting and just watch until i pass out
gonna assume yoshi says a slur or something equally frowned upon
Laki looks like a flying ninja turtle
IIRC you skipped a star piece in Storeroom
I assumed Merlow had nothing bc of that
that sound effect has impact on me
the one item is gombario right?
There are so many swords in here
I wanted to ban him that's why I'm commenting on the swords
unmod raven so i can ban em
What'd I do to you glenn
i am eating dinner and chose violence
Raven didn't shove Pallos in a locker
pokemon unite got patch notes :3
Half of the Mewtwos got nerfed
X is just mewtwo y without a dick
Lapras nerf is also fine cause that doesn't harm party time
The ult healing more + charging fast is what I see
leafeon nerf just as i was about to use em a lot
i wanted to spam the broken move
You can still spam a broken move you just have a less broken 2nd move
but i wanna spam the busted one
89 seconds for an almost Guaranteed OHKO is stupid
Phantom the new jackbox comes out tomorrow are you excited
Not counting items/emblems/farming /scoring that reduces the cool down time
I think the one time you played we played a game from 9
But Delphox is more absurd as it's 84 seconds
The new one has some cool games tho
Some good nonsense games and what might be my favorite trivia one they've made based on what I saw from the couple people i watched have it early
Are the upgrade slots always an upgrade or is it progressive like a bow in windwaker
I hate when they roll the same color
Playing PMCS. Totally forgot about those 33 damage Goombas jakebo11Goomther
Yeah the whole gimmick is that theyre giant. But still lol
Cog got a run a while back where the shop in Toad Town just had like, all star pieces lol
Coin for a Coin seems like a great deal I dunno what youre talking about
I love how Koopa Bros are just there for the memes
enjoy weekend and eat good food
This game is oozing with style but I just can't get excited for 2dmario
It's called Mario Wonder, so Mario has to be somewhere
Can we play mario is missing instead
He may be in another castle
Badges! Just like that one game!
i can't believe you had to stream a game where bowser lifted a castle into the sky and that has badges to modify gameplay in some way. surely this is a first for you
This is the best Mario RPG
Because the worm is magical and you are not
Nah the worm is behind her head
If you stand still for a moment he pops out from behind you
like that song from The Lorax
The coins are drugs, the flowers are drugs... even my words are drugs??
They swung the pickaxe from side to side
i loved exploring every nook and cranny of these free roam areas
Yeah you can choose what levels you want to do. So speedrunners pick the fastest ones
yeah mirby its so much fun! maybe some fun hidden things too? idk
Somehow I hit enter before I could finish typing
SeventyFour is here for the best RPG
ok now im on board with ur team now phantom. Wonder is a masterpiece
yeah let them live, there's no Points in this game so the only thing you get is coins
well that's one way to do that
so much for letting them live lol
you're supposed to hit that spring from below and use the shells to take them out and collect the coin lmao
i mean the devs have said that they designed these puzzles to be solved in many ways so that wasn't inherently wrong
otherwise they would've put blocks there
Mario Wonder is a good game
I used the Game Voucher system to get it
I was looking on a couple of streams of it
I was thinking some of the stages was easy or something but it looks very cute
the 5-star difficulty stages are NO JOKE
@nixnjix stages are nice difficulty scale.
the 1 and 2 star ones are fun
The 5 ones I heard are no joke. Haven't seen that yet
Just 1-2s were more fun and cute
i think i died on a 5-star like 40 times. granted I could have use Yoshi to make it easier but i liked the challenge
Where did she get the hat
I wish Regular Yoshi was part of the crew and not the other fifiSadge
Why does she pull a hat
I might get the Voucher cause
yeah i'm going to use my second voucher for SMRPG
@RavenFP Why don't you pull a hat?
so glad hippos are now real!
but I'mm super busy during November and December so i dunno if i will have the time to play til the holidays
i love the encouragement from the flowers
they're just so happy to be there!
The flowers are the best part
Who ever turn off the flowers are cowards
like i said, it's a bandwagon thing to hate on the flowers lmao
The flowers get such a poor bad wrap I dont get it or understand it.
would you say the game vouchers are worth it? They never expire technically right?
Luckily the secrets aren't as dumb as some of the ones in the New Soup games
they are worth if if there's two games that accept vouchers that you want
I'm getting this game and the Super Mario rpg at this point lol
hmm will have to consider it! Thanks peeps!
I just have no games I want from nintendo rn so I haven't gotten a voucher lol
Idk when I'll get one tbh
yeah I usually only have one that I want for the year, rarely two nintendo games
This is like the last set of games I'm getting from Nintendo at this point
I feel sad cause the games look cool and people love them but I just cant get into a lotta them
It's nice to see mario games expanding the number of animals we can drop down a pitfall xD
Aw hell nah, spike got that janky hitbox
Your video popped up in my recommended on YT. Enjoyed it so came over to drop the prime! Enjoy :)
what was that other badge you got from the store?
Shoutouts to prime b4 first time chat
surprised they didn't just instant kill you there xD
gives you more time to think about what you did
I think Bowser hr design is good tho
i wish they brought back the castle blowing up post-boss scenes, thoses were funny
yeah dolphin kick is so nice when in water levels
lol that gasp for breath xD
That red flower is a better speedrunner than you
Gtg, I'm gonna make some food
im so spazzed out in a good way
am alive, oxygen not included is kickin my butt
tryin to get somewhat sustainable power but a) slime, b) slime, and c) you guessed it - slime KEKW
is that worm supposed to be a baby wiggler?
who is this Bowser Jr and what did he do to egg
You were actually close just now
Why you keep taking Daisy from me
Yeah this took me a while, you had it right before you gave up though
What got me was forgetting pushing pipes was a mechanic
There's a hidden block above the pipe
gotta remind oneself time and time again
nintendo does build the troll levels themselves
they just dont like it when others do it KEKW
I feel the bosses should've taken a page from Yoshi's Island where common enemies are gassed up to be menacing rather than fighting Bowser Jr over and over
played Sonic Superstars co-op with 74 and a friend. That shit was even MORE scuffed than I expected it to be.
if someone asked me if they should get Superstars, I asked if they played Mania
Yeah Sonic Superstars falls apart when it's co-op
if not, then I'd tell them to play that 1st cuz it's $40 cheaper
also, Mania's better cuz it focused on being a single player experience rather than a multiplayer experience
Hey Phantom phanto274BLANKIES I did a rando, it was actually a good seed for a change lol how are you?
do coins have any value in this?
I'm glad to hear that! phanto274Smile
purple coins for buying stuff, gold coins for lives
we need to standardize the Hollow Knight thing where pressing up / down on the right analog stick moves the camera
I can't wait to see speed runs of this phanto274Mash
i feel like this is harder with daisy since you cant see her feet
imagine if you needed all the coins to keep the badge
nice, now do it rush jet
... you can use the pipe to go back up, no?
it's an expert badge for an expert challenge. or masochists
the toxic goo is a good motivator
yeah i've had that happen a few times in this level
at least the song is catchy :)
I mean, wall sliding is a mechanic, you do have a bit of leeway
Pressed the B button but didn't touch the wall
Honestly I haven't had issues with bad angles in this game but phanto274Shrug
by notched like the old N64/GC ones? - forgot if GC had them
luckily my arcade stick lets me swap between an octo gate and diamond gate. Worked nicely for tropical freeze
I really dont like the new wall jumps
You have to jump into and move the stick against them like in the 3D Mario games.
You wall slide in this level youll die lmao
Can't wall slide for long but can help if you go early and not late
I find this level easier with a mushroom too but yea this level sucks LOL
coyote time on walljumps? what PrideLaugh
Wdym by "coyote time" for wall jumps? To me that's just wall-sliding
you mean a short stick before slide?
I cant say shit to that in this but I get what you overall mean
though I dont think I've seen that in walljumps / -kicks too too often
I'm not sure what kind of buffer there is for wall jumping but in one instance you complained, I'm pretty sure you turned away before you touched the wall
not sayin I dont getcha, though thinkin nintendo just put that a smidge too tightly rly
cus they have had it on the wall kicks for a good while (as in since SM64 on benig late, not early)
so I dont think they ever rly woulda went and took it out
more that they just got the timings for it tighter then celeste
do each character have their individual perks in this game or they got replaced by badges? like luigi super jump, that thief's... invicibility?
like how ttyd superguards are stoopid tight
IMO Celeste might be a bit too lenient in that regard but phanto274Shrug
it also definitely doesnt help that the switch got innate input lag
yea so lets say if nintendo went with a 3 to 4 frame window
cus if I aint wrong you're talkin about a rough 6frame to 7frame window?
yea so pair that with their like 4 frame windows tops
You can do up-throws in this game fyi
and its more then likely that any "be late get input" windows are just harsh as shit to hit
you say it would be weird
I mean, this is the first game since SMW to have it, the New Soup games didn't
then again up throwing in smb games has existed afaik ONLY in SMW for a good while  and then NSMB came about and brought it back
or rather: Mario Maker NSMB had it sorta
Mario Maker has it only in SMW style YEP
then I am imagining it KEKW
troll level vids watching definitely makes you feel it exists where it didnt
it's weird how they removed the up throw when it's been in their games for years lol
but yea nintendo REALLY did not like upthrows for a WHILE
? They were a single-game mechanic until now...
i thought they were in... more?
might also be that I am foggin other platformers which had throw / upthrow mechanics inthem together with this
Kappa not liking Yoshi's island Madge
I definitely from viewing like this one a fair bit more then NSMB or 3dWorld style
got lots in this which to me feels more interesting then what say a new soup brought
like - I did play New soup ds and wii, didnt mind new soup ds cus it had something interesting in the koopa power up
but with wii / wii u and the 3dworld basically full relying on the re-use of the SMB3 racoon tanooki suit non stop = me go "ehh"
and thats excluding any completion criteria
Saying this as if 3D Land didn't do the same thing first Kappa
for me 3dLand and world mesh into 1 pile ngl KEKW
like - neither of them felt different in looks from each other, and both of them for me felt like nintendo grasping for that pure everybody nostalgia bit
only played 3dLand come to think, never gave 3dWorld a chance given that most of what 3dLand did 3dWorld did but slightly bigger rly
well - good thing ya did
imo ya didnt miss much with going that route PrideLaugh
some very very small changes but I think most of it boiled down to loogis slidy stop
that I can see sorta - just that to me the catsuit felt very tanooki suit ish so my brain kinda ignores it existing 
I don't think that's what that is...
I think it just puts you back on ground if you fall in a pit
my brain basically just saw "it gives extra air control, ew got ourselves the "cape replace powerup" - dunno
dunno - I just didnt gel with much of newer mario PrideLaugh
woah daisy, what happened to you lol
are the koopalings and jr related?
they know each other, does that count?
this was their chance to give jr another attack that isnt spinning in his shell smh
that is all of his fights ever since new soup on DS
new soup ds? yea that had him
in every tower level (so midway castles)
but you didnt want long days
why would you now want paper daisy
"this isnt the secret!" *continues going into the not secret* YEPSPIN
good ol' 50/50 100 in mario games rly yea
I mean that gotta be some real salty tears then KEKW
the post cards remind me of the post cards in 3d land
"I dont know how to describe this world" Never thought Id ever hear those worlds spoken about a 2D mario game KEKW
I just got my copy in the mail. Let's go! phanto274Hype
could also be fluid nectar given flower kingdom
I didnt want to go that route kagi but yep definitely an option! PrideLaugh
nintendo nintenKNEW what they did when putting the voicelinea cross this game
game confirmed the stuff we see is just water papeHands
oh, youll love mario maker then
I like watching people do troll levels, and actual troll levels not pick a pipe bullshit
if only you had the float cape
less awkward if you just launch yourself with the drill
what the fuck powerup did you just get
you could even say... its elephantasia daisy PrideRise
sorry brain couldnt resist the pun
I bet you can make it.
Wow, what Paper Mario romhack is this
i thought that said Rolling-Ball Hell lol
I was 1,000% hoping that was just -1 life
you could jump over it or just hide in the hole it gives you to hide in
one of the two for sure
the struggle into the pipe is pretty hilarious
lizard brain says you have to
ok phantom can i get your opinion on that one new person in the rando discord
this is the best level ever made
The music is actually quite lovely
everything in this game is so expressive
lmao that Aaaahh from the flower
I love that Toad looks sad when he runs
remember the on/off blocks? they're back!
if they empliment this games mechanics into mario maker.. there are going to be some interesting levels
did he wish you good luck with... walking right and then back left?
They already got pretty good hidden secrets in the very first world
grabby hands Mario or creeper mario?
I just got the invite from mario party you sent 9 days ago lmao
How does one single twirl on a jump?
yeah many of those levels are Break Time or Challenge levels. I like that
@grover53 if you don't have a badge on that does something when you press R, then pressing R does the twirl
Thank you! My jumps are lame
yeah they were short a level here so they added this shop. maybe
My kid gets very annoyed when the flower says "well then" when you die by them
uh, very creative ways to solve this, hehe
obiyoNotes beestJot_HF beestJot somebody didnt pay attention to there run
I think it's easier to find if you take the lower path
You know, I'm a little surprised at how good you are at missing some of these Wonder Flowers raysL
Yeah, only 6 numbered worlds in this game
The one I thought seemed broken for speedruns was the grapple vine
I used it basically the whole time once I got it
Got most of the Wigglers first try but I'm pretty sure there's some form of rubber-banding
are those flowers cheering for the wiggler
The worst Cheaters in Baseball just got knocked out! U rock Texas Rangers.
Watching a 100% speedrun of this game is gonna be fun.
Can you shoot bubbles into those gaps
that's a lot of seeds for that short level
i think your bot is asking for a keizaron sub KEKW
you can swim thru lava here too Kappa
possibly, it did say you could change the controls i think
yeah it probably won't be useful
Can't believe jesse is playing unite instead of mario wonder
this is my fave change the dragon being a good guy for once
He's been dead for a thousand years and you want him to calm down?
You know how we have traps on pape rando? Imagine if there was a fake trap that give you a fake crash report, then the game goes back to normal after 3 or 5 seconds? Cheer100
Eternal Darkness for the GameCube did that
Do you think they purposely made the power up that makes you trip balls, not a mushroom
i hope so im about to go to sleep but wanna see the end
did you see the animation of trapping a goomba between blocks?
dragon giving me yoshi story vibes
nope, never seen that in star fox, kirby, mario 64, windwaker, mario galaxy, kid icarus, or minish cap
It makes sense what they said 'what the end of wonder proves is that the masses crave Rhythm Heaven
lets see the prince transform now
i dont know anything, thats just my head canon lol
can you die in the credits?
I loved the style of this game
I still dont wanna play it tho
I watched the first world and last one, i dont feel interested enough to play it, maybe ill do a gamefly sale?
2d mario would have to do a massive overhaul to make me want to play it over my preferred 2dgames
I only like SMW cause nostalgia I still have my similar issues with it I just played it too much growing up lol
optimizing 2D mario doesnt like fun to me lol
Yea your speed caps so fast in 2dmario
And modern ones are too well made you can't break shit lol
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo 7 hours of daisy noises
el:Wadafa:yelpanaFrienddandoleunabrazo 7 hours of daisy noises
i ended up getting spiderman 2 and its really good
i'd ask how the pit's been but ur 1 minute in
my arm is in much pain from work
Do you think the Dry Bones enemies from the Super Mario series are meant to be a reference to Ezekiel 37 in the Old Testament, when Ezekiel passed through what's referred to as the "Valley of Dry Bones", and God breathed life into the "dry bones" as Ezekiel prophesied to them? Or, do you think it's just an odd coincidence?
Do you think the Dry Bones enemies from the Super Mario series are meant to be a reference to Ezekiel 37 in the Old Testament, when Ezekiel passed through what's referred to as the "Valley of Dry Bones", and God breathed life into the "dry bones" as Ezekiel prophesied to them? Or, do you think it's just an odd coincidence?
Do you think the Dry Bones enemies from the Super Mario series are meant to be a reference to Ezekiel 37 in the Old Testament, when Ezekiel passed through what's referred to as the "Valley of Dry Bones", and God breathed life into the "dry bones" as Ezekiel prophesied to them? Or, do you think it's just an odd coincidence?
yeah i heard the platinum is short
maybe it's closed only at 10pm
sounds like a 23 hours and 59 mins store to me
should prolly stick to blue sky
today sucked. it was really wet and rainy today and i don't like walking to and from classes in heavy rain
just having a blast playing spiderman 2 today
No need to specify "too much" time, that's implied phanto274Smile
all I'll say, [people] fucked around and found out
What exactly happened? People get sued?
Okay, I was aware of this, don't understand why that would lead to blocking people tho phanto274Shrug
oh sick, smash is mid and boring so that doesn't concern me :tf:
so how about that mario wonder
i love it, it's really good!
did you already complete it phantom?
it very quickly became my favorite 2d mario
"Nintendo doesn't deserve Smash" .... [EXPLETIVE], WHAT???
@Weegee666 yah same here. it's ridiculously fun and interesting
with the streams, i've been playing as daisy cause she's my gfs favorite character
aren't most / all these guidelines the same thing that most fgc majors abide by?
I'll have to check that out once I'm done with work
it's strange seeing you with the headphones on
What are your thoughts on Wonder so far? I just started playing yesterday
Someone say black pit of death??
honestly? I might try out Kaizo Mario, some of the stuff I've seen is super creative once you get used to Kaizo
i went and picked it up myself today, im at the end of world 1 rn
Sayonara Mario World looks cool af, imo
i feel bad for my joke spiraling as bad as it did earlier lol
just bought a tub of Rouge Energy, how churlish would it be if I put "cuz you're sponsoring Phantom" as my answer's for why I'm buying this stuff
the sirens song of close call
wow its just like real lif
wow you're REALLY playing a NINTENDO game after what happened today? smh
AND ITS MODDED BRB CALLING DA COPS
nah Phantom 100% used his own legally obtained copy of Paper Mario as basis for what he patched
im gettin close to being fine lmao
@Mirby_Studios ohh so true my fault
I got a 71 on 1 quiz
Putting rc in a plat fighter so far seems to be a horrific decision but it is a very funny one
I have a teleport move that has a drawback of lag after it
So I just use some meter
And get death combos over someone attempting to cover me
Because I also have sm4sh cloud up air
This character has felt better than anyone else I've tried
He's slow but that's the literal only downside
But I have dash attack rc and wavedash so lol
popesPOGGERS_HF minimi6Pog obiyoPog majinPOGGERS fuzzyPog ghunzoEPOGna popesPOGGERS_SG marcoWin marcoWin marcoWin_HF marcoWin_HF phanto274GG phanto274GG phanto274GG phanto274GG
yes i was waiting until the FINAL BLOW to redeem that
Is that like the insanity challenge
I had to come out of lurk for gombario start! LOOOL
Yep I've been meaning to go back to black pit been lazy lol
ooo what drink is that? looks like an unfrozed pina colada
pina colada, lemonade, practically the same thing
I didn't even know that badge was secret
The one you just got quick spin or whatever
Are there more secret badges in this
you want me to make one for all the others?
I did some side ccontent toobut if I kept going saturday night I wouldve finish around 25 hours, granted there were more ddeaths than I could count lol
my thhoughts echo the 91 it got a meta critic
side missions are the same fare those can be skipped but you may want some for exp to put into your skill tree, character animations are a step up but its no god of war, there are some slow sections like play as Peter or MJ but expected that. It upgraded combat and movement but the stuff we didnt like like mostly stays the same.
"it does enough as a sequel to keep me happy"
yeahim that way for wonder lol
oh so u did a second run afterall
port is seattle right? would make sense soccer is growing in washington quite rapidly
sounders are like the 2nd biggest Washington sport
I was under the impression artifact was only in logic after clearing ch2 but I had a seed where artifact was pulse stone lol
Can reach Koopa Village 2, AND Has the Artifact, AND (Can reach the desert camp OR can beat chapter 2)
that pic i shared in your discord made me laugh way harder than it should have
the "million Retrotink owners just died..."
Hey make me a glass of lemonade
"why is mario party trending?" *looks and sees* Mario Party 3 coming to Switch Online Expansion Pack on Oct 27th
maybe tomorrow ill stream it from my everdrive just to spite everyone KEKW
You got the money. You're a baller.
since it ice can i buy it for him?
phantom is it ok to ban him? Kappa
well with this happy flower and happy heart are good
ive been wanting to take a nap for a while but my body won't let me sleep
it's shrimple, just play the game really fast without cheating :tf:
(I have never watched a speedrun of this game)
@tarttapple ur in for a major treat
but keep in mind this is a derust chill
OH that explains why i see nothing
i do like totks spirits though
Ain't gonna be able to play it for a bit tbh
I don't feel like grinding that shit
I got till Nov 4th lol
Should I leave a negative review on nasb 2 before it launches so it gets 100% negative on steam
I think jesse would kill me LOL
Don't say that yet it's only been a half hour
@RavenFP would not recommend: this game is the smash killer
I'm going through the roster now and nothing feels as good as donatello
And then I have sm4sh cloud
@SeventyFourTG when you hopping on tho
Currently drowning my sorrows, found out today my car has a coolant leak
I like the aesthetic of this dungeon, but don't actually like doing it
@orangeisborange its a COLD callback to everything past.
@orangeisborange I feel that way about the whole game ngl
Iceblue is so cool and kawaii orange188Comfy
Can you not use latern and pegasus boots?
They should have made a button that you use to cycle through items on A
I don't think the mole mitts have any use whatsoever other than contextually digging through the dirt
That could've also been it's own button
The biggest thing going against the game for me is that the ways the areas are designed seem to be made to take as long as possible
yo what the fuck place is this
so what room is this wtf
Put him on the correct layer then jcogRollo
Darknuts are low key the worst enemy in this game
I wont disagree either way lol
couldnt find anything myself just pace i suppose. good going on this runback
I was doing Glitchless DHC ILs
I loved swapping between any% and glitchless, you get better at one and then immediately transfer that over
you mean you don't want to spend 40 minutes in the figurine house
fig manip is the one reason people won't run it
I'm not going to the pit
you basically have to roll and then pick up the pot at the end of your roll without making contact with the pot
it's lucky bomb roll lifts are so free unlike everything else
when is something not frame perfect in this forsaken game
I have an optimisation for the glide sections I should make a clip off, I have a very vague vid explaining it with a TAS demo
basically you can avoid turning link mid air but still fly sideways
I broke those bushes one run and got a shell drop, never did that again
back before crenel clip we hoped for a green kinstone
honestly I would have got the HP at the grave, not brave enough for ruins
it's always amusing how the only rocks that fall in the castle are always just conveniently at the top of stairs or paths
popesPOGGERS_HF tippiPog fuzzyPog minimi6Pog obiyoPog majinPOGGERS popesPOGGERS_SG phanto274GG raggenHpos phanto274GG raggenSonic marcoWin tippiWin marcoWin_HF
so is the haha at "speedrun" or "glitchless" ?
glad I stayed up for this one
Imma head to sleep now though
majinWave tippiWave popesBedge_SG majinBedge fuzzyBedge popesBedge_HF
i got the platinum for spiderman 2 was a really good game
i like it more then the 1st one
the side shit didn't bored me
story was fine but side shit nope
i still need to play the miles one still
spiderman 2 was shorter then the 1st
ain't played any of the PS Spiderman games, but I see Peter's getting his ASS kicked in Spiderman 2
as soon as the miles 1 goes on sale I'm gonna pick it up
spiderman is ok not my fav
Im not that invested in spiderman, I just really enjoy the insomniac games.
i just really like the gameplay
AA was the only one I played, not cause I didnt like, just never got around to the others
why dont they port over the 3rd game?
we getting a wolverine game from  insomniac i don't really care for him but gonna pick it up whenever it come out
i couldnt get into the other ones
that why you play it on ps4
you can disagree because thats ok to be wrong
i just love kojima fucked up shit he comes up with
iwould never speedrun a mgs game
it's just not... in the spirit of the game imo
I'm not a big fan of  stealth games
i like cheesy strat but not "imma run over and load the next area k bye"
bayonetta got kinda boring to me
on other news, did you watch the gaffrethon run earlier OneHand
I did it for a 12 hour challenge once
it's only 5 mins slower kek
shit run compared to my 139
i got grabbed by a floormaster while in midair in dhc
i can find it for you
the arkham collection on PS4/PS5 its just 6 bucks right now!
I only played asylum, even if I only play that its totally worth it
and i paid full price for that years ago and never downloaded it
offer ends on birthday so furry
also return to arkham which only has asylum and city is 20 bucks too, not horrible but just get collection.
I think return released later and id imagine sale discounts go by how old they are but this should be an exception imo
lmao i forgot i'm VIP now
i was like "wait why do i only have 63 points"
DKR rando was a trip. I did enjoy it but has a few things that keep me from recommending it.
also i think i got maddy hooked on multiworlds
worked out that they were fighting alpha and i was fighting ganon at the same time
and then i beat ganon and they ended their seed early cause the bass/alpha combo is dumb
yeah, mostly its just shuffle loading zones, shuffle colored balloons, and random lap counts. Laps can be set as low as 1 and high as 5. But you set those boundaries.
it's okay tho cause the BN3 credits theme played anyways. cause i was using my EXE MSU pack and i used that for one of the credits themes lmao
which did confuse people, thinking that i had both game audios coming through lmao
anyways now maddy wants to do pokemon gen1 while i do LADX so we are lol
It doesnt change alot but just eenough to call it a rando
honestly im not even sure what else they could add to it
suffering thru greenwood village silver coins, 2 laps, in hovercraft can go fuck itself LUL
i dont think its gotten anymore work in the past 3 years
I'm still waiting for the zootr from you
so the lastest update from the rando dev is they want to implement drop table shuffle next. This was at New Years, so its almost been a year. Currently its just folders, viruses/bosses, shops, and chips. It was fun to mess with for like meme races but it just doesnt do enough.
I have now seen fnaf movie
8/10 if you get the reference, prolly 6 if you dont
He said it's just a theory and I wanted to shoot the screen
That's why it's 8/10 and not 9
i am surprised tho that bn6 rando doesnt have a cross shuffle. Starting with elec woudl def change it up
ppretty sure kirby only worked on 3
5 has a rando too but ive never seen it
i imagine its cause they would have to emulate or use a flashcart which I dont think is common over there
I think it has to do with how they have more respect [for lack of a better word] for the IP holders "than we do". It was hard to organize these thoughts LUL
let me know if you find anymore good N64 randos. The fact I tried DKR shows I wanna try new stuff LUL
yeah I heard about that, Kirby 64 is a fine game but even as a speedrun it doesnt interest me even as a viewer. Sure you could argue kirby fireball is the same as pape spinning but I get bored watching kirby 64 runs.
Actually im the same with nightmare in dreamland too. Guess kirby speedruns just arent for me
I got access back from my brothers netflix account LUL
Wish it was paramount+ tho so I could see the new south park special KEKW
At an event gl with things today
yo stavros, Did you watching the DKR race today?
gamer, i almost had it today
i finally got a good no ace run lmao
-1:12 out of laki or something
Is this the opposite of the woke agenda if glitching is the woke agenda according to Jcog fatpidTHONK
just so i know, was it because of my first message
tbf i was asking for it
a mod pasted a pasta and said "only mods can paste this" and i think you know what happened next
I forgot tonight is when ero, dalus, mogul, and I are finishing "Do you love your mom and herr two hit multi-target attacks". Good Luck with the run!
its almost 2 am where i am so im gonna zzz, good luck on the run though!
is this where that one gamer died
@Axl_SR thank you fro teh sub last month
okay. I like the lighting you have going on right now
im not a big twitch user, but I watch your yt almost every day, sometimes 2 videos a day, it depends
I like to rewatch the black pit becaues someimes too
also, like  a year ago, you did a part 1 on a Extra hard pape rom hack, maybe 2 years now. I cant remember the name, but you never finished it, I think you thought that it wasnt content friendly
Oh, yeah i think you said it crashed and didnt save, or something. I vaguely remmeber that
I just woke up from a nap and I feel better hahah
I was so exhausted from the other two days lmao
I actually never beat minish cap, ive never seen how it ends. I lost my save right after getting to Vatu or whatever that purple guy name is
Are these new sub badges? i was pretty sure you had cats or... somethjing else
Darknut: You will not cheese me, as you did my former brothers
Is the cap actually minish? Kappa
it's been a long moment since I've seen beginning
most times I catch you mid stream or I'm muted lurkin
I have found 10636 seams that are not connected on my model. pain
I will CAW CAW motherfuckers all I please
I went to make food and you're not in the forest anymore hehehe
I love the kart animation !
When you arrive at the point of the game where I stopped playing, I'll tell you
The chest with the hole in the floor ?
I'll keep my eye peeled, let's see that chest !
No I meant, when you for example enter a cave at the exact millisecond/frame
More or a time perfect thing sorry
Not in this game, sorry for not finding the term
I'm french so you can imagine the struggle lol
GL for that run !!! phanto274GL phanto274GL phanto274GL
So you said that you reset at the beginning of the game, right ?
Okay so basically I explained it super bad. Just trying to get the right values with the reset...
It's just that I saw it described as a time thing. = at 5 second, the values are like this, so you should aim for the 5th second frame to get the right value
yeah, that's why I said frame perfect hehe
Hope the misunderstanding is cleared 
I just threw the word "frame" around xD
That's so smart to grab the mushroom here swayncLOL
How are you playing right now ?
with the super boy thing ?
Did you try playing minish cap on a wii u / switch ?
You mean the little hexagone around the gamecube stick ?
What do you mean, the prophecy !!!
The cave opens once every 1000 years to a little boy !
Speedrunner *is super fast* that was bad...
It took me like... Multiple game overs to beat them rotissFlx
Was just too lost in the swamps
I'm not sure I even saw this enemy, I just tried to understand Where to go
The bow... I don't think so
Note that I tried playing the game when I was very young but it was too hard- It's only last year after HBrewing my Wii U that I finally played it
college is after high school in the us ?
Okay, for us collge is before high school
That's cool, you had a little set up
We're you already into speedruning in college ?
Have a good evening / night and take care ! Thanks for the stream !
I'm mulling over what you sent in that DM, because I think I originally made a bad ruling. But I really like your idea
it's just going to be POWERFUL
and I love it for that
ah yes, a primary source of science communication
I haven't watched a race in awhile; this is only a 4-star spirit race?
Hows the new place, and when is Pape Races covering these again?
Phantom the free spirit; won't be shackled
So besides Open Prologue, whats different about the Weekly?
koopas not known for their market savvy
wins battle; music makes you feel bad for it
there i successfully yelled at you
wow, the hammer being the actual last ch2 check from that side, and now gotta go in from the other side
This seed is sorta how life has been in maine lately
"were getting by but its not great"
This seed sure has a sense of humor today.
It can only go up from here  hopefully
Woah wasn't watching where was Bow?
woe to those who don't rush toy box
youd be fine lol have some faith
nvm completely spaced on all the extra stuff in 6 you need
Dirt in a ruins, surely there's nothing cursed about it
I take it flower plus is bad?
why are you saying hi to HP
how is high HP bowser fight different than usual? more turn?
Yo, Phantom. Make sure you go real fast today. Kappa phanto274GL
oh no... did i jinx D:
We just need some good RNG
HAHAHA Back to the pape and i arrive on bowser
who is in the lead so far?
After my race earlier Im glad I didnt sign up for the weeklie with that kinda Id power lmao
so i missed the gutsy plays and calls
How many others are finished at this stage?
I was gonna say the last rando race I watched had you win by like 5 seconds
One big seed coming right up. phanto274Hype KomodoHype
Nsingman was in the lead but died to final
omg i love these custom boss models
It could work for Jr and hallway, but you have nothing for final
Everyone is danger except for you lol
I mean i guess instead of picking bp on chet you could pick fp
Ive been converted to not Danger a lot more just because you can control the healing so much better
LCL its so much harder to have the resources
if this keeps up we're gonna need a second row for the settings
Wait you put on foliage? monkaS
mario is a crminal thats funky
i was in phase 2 when you finished
but i couldnt kill, then went back to toad town to buy more repels and then just still couldnt finish
in general, like, i wanna know if theres something i missed that wouldve made it go well for me
ok yea, i also just had nothing good for damage
yea, i had that, i didnt have money to buy shooting stars to make double dip useful for damage
i had regular charge as well
yea, i agree, i did it and it was just, not doable
like, it was good for jr and hallway for me, but final was just impossible
There will come a day when Pape Rando gets even more random.
if I didnt die my first time in final there, i wouldve finished like, 3 minutes behind you
i was thinking about it too, but I went danger pretty early and just committed too hard to it, didnt find anything to make it work for endgame
i had like 30 FP that i was just doing nothing with
Bubble flower being fed this seed. phanto274BLANKIES
That badge should've been in the game. phanto274D
I wish you could sell star pieces. Kappa
Ice Power in the desert? Useful if there were any fire enemies in the desert. Kappa
Parakarry dropped the entire mailbag in the desert in this seed.
And you said this was the hard part. Kappa
Oh look. Fire Shield... also would be really useful in the desert... if they had fire enemies.
i was about to type it out and pin it lol
Li'l Oinks! Do it one time. Kappa
I know. I just want to see how lucky you are. phanto274Bless
Where's a damage dodge when you need one?
We got the life shroom back phanto274Hype
Why is power quake so expensive? phanto274Cry
Everything is so expensive. What is this badge economy?
You should unironically do a run with HP Drain.
I'm back. Still no ultra boots. phanto274Shrug
I see Ch. 5 is done at least. LUL
Sounds pretty accurate to what's happening right now, Bot.
Two Lakitus in overworld; get one Lakitu and three magikoopas in battle. phanto274Shrug
The question is does Rosie perhaps have ultra boots/hammer?
At least it makes it easier to flip panels
Those aren't Amazy Dayzees. Those are Hazy Dayzees.
Easiest 6 damage spread in the game.
Convenient Ch. 2 Moles is convenient
Yoo Phantom phanto274BLANKIES so happy I didn't miss stream phanto274Hype
Casual all sanity run so you're in the right place.
Mayor gift wrapped Laki just for you.
Bombette is like, we can't fight thus guy wyd lol
I think you might've blown his eardrums out at this point.
The conversation: Can you move ever so slightly to the right?
Imagine if the penguins were like the cuccos in zelda and they just start attacking you lmfao
A coin and Laki. I'm calling it now.
This has to be good phanto274Bless
So Posie traded her crystal berry for a star piece and a badge...? phanto274Shrug
Sounds like this seed has been fun so far
You have to play the game normally
Why dont you just save scum this check?
not to shill, but I threw some Rouge Energy in my water bottle and stuff was mad tasty
Let's beat this fortress and save the day!
From the clutches of the teenage mutant ninja koopas
What if Laki is in the ruins? Kappa
Teenage Mutant Ninja Koopas~ Koopas in a half shell. Koopa power!
It's Lyric Time! You know you want to. Kappa
We'll get the lyrics later Kappa
You know, to go with the record.
You know what would be really funny? If the lyrics had the record, which had Laki
Yo why is he selling nothing
He's just a goomba boy with a dream
how the heck did tubba get it all the way up there!? What
I wonder what they're power level is phanto274Thonk
YOOO just in time for halloween! quizmoPog
Record, let's go! PogChamp Now all we need are lyrics Kappa
Mark it high on your priority  list
Thank God the slot machine doesn't have checks that'd be true CBT
Feeling healthy, let's go! This toy box has a lot ton of goodies.
What if it had feeling fine? Kappa
You can beat everything but 7
I didn't know we were playing a Kirby game. Kappa
Star Spirits are warp stars now. LUL
Time to beat Ch. 2 phanto274Hype
Hammer has a use. You know when you don't have spike shield. LUL
Now all we need is that stone
Is this the most linear seed you've had?
When u said long seed u really meant it. 3 hr mark reached
Crystal Berry to Lyrics to Star Stone. Kappa
Air Raid being better than Shell Shot feels wrong
Cheap Air Raid is basically a free 6 damage spread while Shell Shot does more to one enemy so it evens out.
Koot sold his own wallet to Rowf? For what I wonder phanto274Thonk
he wanted some playkoop magazine @ScrambledDragons
He had Laki hostage the whole time!
And you said it wouldn't be worth it Kappa
Now all we need is a stone shaped like a star
@buff00n But he had Laki. Kappa
Now all we need is Goombario upgrades. Kappa
But Phantom, haven't you ever wanted to 100% an all sanity seed?
how did you feel about the race?
I did pit with only 1 key for an extra level, that was slow but dont really regret that. I misclicked on jr and had to do that fight over. After that it was fine
i did 10 star pieces for power rush and jump charge
i went in with 3 shrooms and gels, jr and hallway both took 1 shroom. Gel'd 3 times on final then when I used my shroom he was at like 10 or 11 and finished before he could heal
I guess i was lucky my final went as good as it did
my go mode was magical bean due to lack of coins LUL
thunder bolt was in the first shop right?
Once I got watt in prologue I ran to ch5 forgetting it wasnt in logic and found megajump there, dont know what I wouldve done otherwise LUL
beach as gave a dmg dodge and 2 ultra shrooms too but in the moment I didnt realize I was out of logic
what was lantern ghost? I just remember it was required
same, it was scaled so low anyways
also I PB'd by almost 2 minutes
Bow: "Bitch, I ain't sorry, I'm a GHOST."
I'm back and we'll never know what lyrics had.
oh yeah, there's would be different cause I had megajump, that was 1BP 4FP btw
thought it was funny my megajump was equal to a power bounce 5 cap lol
oh yeah, one seed in first 5 minutes I got a 2BP 1 FP mega jump, never slept on it again
also I crossed ovver into 700 hours of pape rando
y'all after stream homework is to go watch 20 Minutes of HARD Squirting on YouTube
I made foliage spreadsheet to go with HP scaling lol
Thanks for stream! Have a good night phanto274BLANKIES
i was unde best beavior on 3 shots
did u see the amazing hint i got? in discord rando
yeah i been there before feel like you want to put your hand in your ear and pull everything out
Yo, Phantom. GL with the run(s) phanto274GL
I have enough points to redeem for a long speedrun. PogChamp
Oh hey I skipped by mistake the most boring part of the run
BTS is a chill company, I swear Kappa
I also may have potentially been contacted by Dew Gaming
they messaged me about prizes and hopefully isn't bait
Time to perform prologue skip and beat Bowser
you look a bit distresed to be being licked by tubba blubba in your splits
You know I don't get why prologue bowser is programmed for the overkill
is tubba blubba licking you BECUASE you're sad, or are you sad because you're being licked
Tubba eats ghosts miye, what do you think
KEKW honestly this did not occur to me
ugh why the fuck is it trying to make me sigh up to a free trial for adobe to change 1 thing
I haven't seen any reroute Nuh uh
Don't you dare Madge I don't wanna see prologue again
it's your favorite part of the game
A good story always starts with a Prologue.
i found a free online editing thing that did it for me Analyze
yo phantom, what is your capture card again?
I was checking some blackmagic ones and damn they're expensive
what is the issue with your capture card, tho?
oh, for my personal stream just GBI, yeah
but I was thinking of improving my production setup in general
I just wanted to build like a mini studio here so I could do production for other people/companies
the setups they have in speedrunning events here in Brazil are so wack, dude
I learned some good stuff for remote production from GDQ
and I've been learning even more stuff since joining BTS
ye, it died in the US tho lmao
they've been in Brazil since 2017 I think
we do mostly Dota 2 and CS:GO
I'm actually debating if I wanna keep grinding BN4
unless you're risch or goomba no one really cares
I mean, the games are great, I love them
the streaming experience kinda sucks, that's all
I wanna learn community center% for stardew valley
can we have a poll in chat if aliens are real?
ok u can have a poll
how did u softlock u didnt fight?
I'd practice it way more if it did
Yo Phantom, gl with the run!
Ah its one of those days monadoYesHoney
Wtf Toad please give us some of that Sunday
I think of all the categories, I might like to run All Cards but w/o card LZS... could not be bothered to learn LZS
You still beat 5 in All Cards though...
Ah that's what the difference is, got it
There are some things I know I'd never learn so I'm just not going to try
Wasn't that already the plan though?
Where did you end up softlocking, seed dupe?
How much of that was to GK?
So what constitutes a boss for this run?
Can't refight is a bold assumption Kappa
So that definition would include fuzzies, the magikoopa you just fought and the piranha plants?
I believe currently All Bosses is just defined as... a list.
Chapter 5 is just kinda weird in general
All Cards makes sense in concept as an easy way to determine chapter clears but it's a little unfortunate that card LZS is a thing that works the way it does
Interesting... maybe that's a category I could try. I never really knew what counted as a major sequence break but it seems a bit more lenient than I thought.
Be the change that you seek. Colloquialism #69
I haven't even begun to look at seed dupe, been busy with pape races that im to scared to try
Excited and scared, hoping yo get a run done tonight
Hardest part about it is finding 4-5 hours to spend playing the game, then trying to not get upset over dumb mistakes
That seemed like a really good toad lure yeah?
How difficult are the other methods?
At least this is early in the run. OoT 100% No SRM has Dampe at the middle of the run.
lets go 75% to lose 2 mins on dampe in mm for being unlucky
This makes me wonder how the Hollywood strikes are going?
They reached a deal, but the members have to vote on the deal. Glad the union won.
NBC Universal already pulled some shit. They trimmed the city trees that were giving shade to strikers. Got a $250 fine for it.
I think the strike will overall benefit streamers amd youtubers though since they will be the main content creators for a while.
This summer has been like no other.
you telling me the ups trucks didn't have ac
People were passing out on the job
i think Florida has a law that every vehicle has to have working AC just because of how hot it gets there. let me check to make sure
There are some articles showing videos of that. The USPS has trucks without AC too
All the climate change shit happening is wild too. Making it too hot. Read that Arizona is having a problem with severe burns because people are falling on pavement.
No one should have to worry about working in hot boxes like that.
any company that have their working drive should have to have working ac
Florida coral reefs are also bleaching because the water is 100 F.
ah well i hope that goes away soon
Goombario being optimal for this fight is interesting
You cant fight it. Hes optimal
LOL I have played through the game a couple of times, and watch DF stream it a few times years back
but know very little about this category
Okay, know very little about the speed game in general then
at least you got it tho gg
that's definitely not an easy trick, long setup and frame perfect
If you can find a way to cope with it. Easier said than done.
Also its after a series if hard things.
Too much rando brain, I was wondering why you had to beat moles on all bosses since theyre not really a boss phanto274Facepalm
Not like you need dirt or anything
In vanilla rando, seed is behind moles
Aw you have tubba blubba in your splits screen, glad to see someone that likes that big goof
Good, end of the day nearing, the tired is setting in
Gotta have time saves somewhere I guess
Zelda Oracles of Seasons/Ages both out on NSO
You've been flirting with run death for the past, like, hour lol
Playing risky bc you don't care about the run dying... meanwhile you're playing well enough it'll be difficult to match some of these golds...
Probably less stress to not care.
Time to see what luigi is?
EZ 4-minute gold once you get Ruins Stone Skip
Honestly I'd say you got pretty lucky this run on nearly all the RNG checks
Why is this run still going?
YEP but somehow all the RNG went your way, just got skill issue'd in a couple places
Why does this run end there?
DANG I thought you rage quit LOL
Take a much needed bathroom break, and when you get back... TIME!
You might to get to 7 actually
Aside from that, it's like... 2 checks total lol
Sushie start kinda makes me wonder how soon you get Ultra Boots but ch3 seems interesting
Boots #2 gets you into 7 YEP
You an get to Rip Cheato now YEP
This is in fact a seed LUL
I wish you could conditionally add items to blocks in Super Mario Maker 2 like Nintendo does in legit Super Mario games
when is blind fuzzy mini game attempts
And by "conditionally", I mean one item if not base super mushroom
And a different item if you do have that base mushroom
If I understand correctly, it is a thing. It was added in an update in SMM1 and retained in the sequel.
It is in legit games, but not in Super Mario Maker 1/2
No, it definitely is a thing but the way to get it may not be intuitive
In SMM2 you press and hold the higher tier powerup and choose mushroom
Wait, red coins? this isn't SM64 Kappa
There's your reason to go to 3
Oh wait you picked up a 2nd Tubba Key when I wasn't looking, that's almost a FC
Why is Luigi wearing Waluigi's clothing?
two weekend marathon sounds amazing, but a headache
Chapter 3? more like Chapter 3... seconds long.
Only thing that would have made it better would be hammering the wrong Boo Kappa
But it is comedy that it ended up the way it did
looks like you're feelin better pixels64Love how's you doin?
rando goin well, the All bosses run went well too?
(unless ofc you'd be WR huntin but like... even then, RNG is RNG)
and you can only get your muscle memory up by doin them
it said that dude was sus
shit my rando wasn't pause almost moon crash lol
yo 5800, hope you're doing well
NOW you can beat ch4 YEP
Laugh bow, but what if Tubba Key is behind dictionary?
OwO i am wooking 4 a pwassionwate, innowovatiwve, cwompwetent, indiwiduwual contwibuwutowor Swoftware Enginweer whowu cwan dweal wit ambiwguwuity awnd chwallenge da stwatuwus-quo 2 dweliwer auwutowomwation cwapabiliwties dat powoer da wong-wange execuwution pwannin effworts, dwive workfwow impwovemwents awnd bwuild swoluwutions 2 asswist in da dewivery of warge scwale dwata cwenters throuogh effiwient mwanagewment of cwost awnd schewduwule
You forgot Goombario. You need him to do Lantern Ghost.
I want to hear TTS try and read it
so, they're not looking to hire an entiewe gwoup at a time?
im p sure anything that's written with that much corporate bullshit is NOT designed to hire an entire family
I just re wrote in uwu
I can put it through the generator
And then you can see that my by hand is the superior translation
i am looking for someone to waste effort - that's my ad
I go through the text with a fine tooth comb
The translator just replaces r with w
i wonder what the shape of the comb is Kappa
And puts in replaces o with owo and u with uwu
It doesnt do the finesse of changing that to dat
is goog translate really that bad?
Im not fluent in 2 languages to compare
I think it will still work out str9ngHappy
Its probably much better now than it was years ago
I get so hyped when I see a new YT video cause I've almost watched them all so im repeating lately lmao
But for example theres a species of bird called a cowbird
Cow in Spanish is vaca and bird is pjaro
Google translate may spit out vaca pjaro if you tried translating it
But the actual name of the bird (not 100% sure on this) in Spanish is a Molothrus
idek you could get '100%' with an immune enemy
And I think whats going on is that the Spanish is just going by their latin genus name
i thought that was just the genus
Didnt know you needed any keys.
Well, now you can check Parrycarry.
I made an account on kick for viewing with a different name lol
i genned a seed almost a month ago and still havent played it. Need to get to that before it expires lol
i saw they are hosting a tiny bn6 thing at evo. Thats cool but i find watching competitive bn boring
it just comes down to "who can mash faster"
i sure do like dizzy shell more
nah, it's gonna take all our items FeelsBadMan
So, the seed wanted 7 beaten second?
oh man, you gotta play the ending pretty honest huh
this is a fight of all time
I see oracle games on on SNO now
nah - it was red in back, commanding blue white blue
id like to see them release the donkey kong land games
yo dizzy for when he flies
aw, you weren't tryna troll? FeelsBadMan
Fire Shield only makes fire -1? weird
he kinda remembered he had it huh?
he's in his star rod era
I started replaying spiderman to refresh for the new game
its alright, just got the first lead on devils breath so there is a lot of game left
its shortly after MJ sneaks around Tombstones base. But before the costume party areea.
The PS5 spiderman side panels and controller look dope, but I already got the galaxy purple panels and controller. Plus it would clash in my living room lol
1 year pog! Phantom cant ignore you anymore KEKW
saving up for that VIP so I can feel extra bad when he does
oh i didnt see the 22 part LUL
yeah I think I used my Prime on Kibler or something like that long ago. Back when I could actually watch streams while doing work at home :P
King Goomba doesn't count? Or are you talking about the secret dark Goombario fight?
I honestly have no idea if there's a way to skip Prologue without ACE
now I gotta know if you have EntireShrekMovie enabled
high quality in terms of picture or skill of play?
ok, was gonna say, "Wait you analyzed the frames? Hardcore."
now I understand why you were 3/11 before
took me awhile to understand that perspective until I got into speedrunning. And while I'm early on in learning a category I think I still continue while I'm getting used to the route/mechanics
but for a game like this where you've played through it hundreds of times, yeah, I understand
oh so this is the easy part lol?
at least you don't get molasses on your shoes or flowers blinding you
wait a second... i thought you had to talk to goompapa before you talked to goompa
have i been doing it wrong this whole time
i swear i've seen runners talk to goompapa first am i crazy
i may be having a moment
"i just saved myself 15 seconds!"
im really excited to start doing runs for this game, i can't really finish anything atm because my thumb slips off of gamecube control sticks so easily it's unplayable
im getting concave grips soon tm
at least you have input tracking to debug later on
bts was giving me a lot of trouble too, sometimes i do down-right too early and other times i time it right but do it for too long
on the ones you were missing it, I don't remember seeing hte down-right input
like there, I think you were too late?
you might be doing up-right too long...? i'm not sure, i don't hold it for nearly that long
but everyone has their own setup with bts as i've observed
so do you want to be hitting down-right the same frame that Mario makes contact with the "ground"? I hear the "landed" sound effect
ah. the timing seems pretty consistent though
reminds me of practicing hammeryump in lttp
Thats gonna be a warm super soda. I would not open that. Super soda in a volcano chest... that flew out of the volcano. I dont know about that one. Cheer100
I swear the stuff rando comes up with...
I have a loose Emerald that has the special Jirachi iirc
i didnt notice pandoras tower, so the whole operation rainfall trio
I only picked last story, played it to credits. Then I segwayed into tales of xillia
I never played it on wii, i started on 3DS and now have switch version
Xeno1? Yeah, after the Colony 9 stuff, getting to Colony 6 and being bogged down in sidequests sucked
ill say the only good thing about 3DS is it moved a lot of hud stuff to touch screen
i'm here to say good luck, and good bye forever
what do you mean by that monkaW
trying to decide if I wanna go this local con this weekend. Its last minute so dont have anyone to go with me but rob paulsen will be there.
His son Ash will be there too, he worked on battle network complete works so id have him sign that for sure
did y'all sign up for a chance for Nintendo Live?
Its the same Ash that was with gamexplain and moved to goodvibesgaming if you follow that stuff
if you're in the seattle area anyway
I don't think it's too late...?
ah, no, looks like it's just too late
and what you saw was for folks who had registered already signing up to participate in various events
they try to hit all the major markets simultaneously, although I'm pretty sure it's like midnight in Japan when it's 6am on the west coast
phanto274Shrug company just works in mysterious ways
im here for the ch7 timesave
i was reading that as like a new discovery mb lol
You also lost time on the backups to be fair
You wouldn't want free green splits in the early game? YEP
Always unfortunate when a speedgame has a slow start that makes resets painful
imo allow hacked file runs that start from junior's playground
It would be nice to be involved in a speedgame like that, this game's just a bit too much of a time commitment for me
i know there's tidbits of "gameplay" beforehand but..... i mean.......
that's fair yeah i've always wondered why the run doesn't end at star rod get
Removing the beginning isn't unheard of (SMS) but yeah, if Epilogue is required Prologue should be too
@MarioManTAW my thoughts exactly, just be based like SMS
7-Spirit Rando with shuffle items off, everything closed, and Goomba Village start Kappa
just start with extra bp and runnaway pay on :)
than you don't lose star point
I wonder how hard it would be to just remove that block in the ROM after generation...
yeah I alos think you would drop less coins than normal
oh I thought you did already
yeah no one is going to fight things
Are there other major qualms with "vanilla rando"?
Okay so that would probably be feasible to just do manually then
my untrained eye thinks you are spending slightly less time holding right but idk
bts seems like enough RNG in itself
I'm interested to see the route once it gets off the ground
I forgot about how much i loved the vita library
physically only or does it support digital games too?
oh wow I didn't realize the gradient was making it hard to read luceAh
Oh yeahhh, okay that makes sense
you can just say luce luceShort
Luce, I clicked on a random timestamp from your vod playing mario kart and you went from 6th to 11th. We love to see it LUL
yeah uh when the community mario karts they are relentless
well, you do have mario kart tour KEKW
yeah I'm not a fan of 8's physics at all
Yoo Phantom! Good luck on your run! phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
I had pixel art of megaman exe lol
too slippery and weird, i just want a mario kart game where good traction is the default
If Mario could fall into the sky, do you think time would pass him by, oh you know mario would spin a thousand miles just to see peach tonight Cheer100
double dash's items are so good it makes me hate baby park in 8
personally i'd really like a mkw-esque character and vehicle select except, like, balanced and not horrible
yeah wouldn't you like convenient items???
I like the way sonic racing transformed feels
I only did kirby air ride on LAN
no but that's sounds really cool
One of the things I liked most about MKWii was that every character and kart had unique stats and were unlocked in different modes so it felt worth to try to unlock them all
Meanwhile, 8's just like, do a GP and get a RaNdOm ChArAcTeR!!
i don't really like how every character has unique stats tbh, there should be 3 different weight classes and then zero bias between characters
Collect some coins (?!) and unlock a random kart part that had identical stats to 3 you already have
it was fun unlocking characters in smash ultimate before everyone complained it was too hard and it got patched. So funny seeing top player getting trolled
that way you could just play characters you like
granted i also think cranky kong needs to be in mk8dx so maybe my takes are bad
In 8 each character is in a group which share stats, in Wii EVERY character is unique
well the groups change with every update anymore
I haven't kept up with DX tbf
i would really like DX if it got the attention that tour gets
tour has so much content but a lot of it sucks
I found the flag for that block btw, should be able to whip up a cheat code if that's how you think would be best to handle it
Oh I was just going to break the left side Goomba Village block
So you can get to the hammer bush from the start
I just hope they dont port mario kart 8 to the next nintendo system
Not sure what else you had in mind
3 generations of playing the same game lol
So what does Pape bingo usually look like anyway? Does it assume a brand new file or what? A potentially big difference between the 2 solutions is the presence of Prologue Jr
just why would u in rando lol
IIRC when Chest shuffle was introduced Jr. skip could dupe hammers so... yeah lol
That wouldn't be too big of a cheat to add either, I also happen to know where to look for that one
phanto274Shrug you win some, you lose some...
I think it could still be interesting even if not completely faithful to vanilla but I've also never played Pape bingo so phanto274Shrug
guess it time to make your own rando phanto274Shrug
gl with the run goings pixels64Love
sounds like my luck in terraria rn PrideLaugh
been tryin to get a good view into my jungle biome, but its fludded with resources I kinda just wanna grab
and then I get distracted and munched
but how early can you be?
and you got the one at desert unless I am fully off right?
why 1 extra PrideLaugh whats the game need that extra one KEKW
Wait you could destroy blocks like that?
that looks so much better than doing that room the intended way
well that was the hard part, right?
Looks like I missed a good Ruins Stone Skip? PAUSERS
2nd try is pretty good comparatively SeemsGood
Back from music bingo. We doin rando tonight?
Tie golds for 2nd place YEP
Did you at least get some runs completed? Its better you complete runs rather than worrying about PBs.
SOB? Like son of a bitch?
this may be a stoopid question like overall phantom but: if you dont have anything against that, would u be okay with me asking about your input towards a randomizer item tracker layout (including hints) for MMOoTR? fishShy
its mostly layout based, so like regarding an existing one
will send the related things on your discord then, no rush obviously pixels64Love
@MarioManTAW I respect it, but still :D
That trick reminds me of the one to enter Jabu Jabu as an adult.
my stoopid assumption's gonna be that its flag based since you were digging into different chapters after laki + getting the boot upgrades early and such
therefore your chapter prog flag would not be at its right spot => ch6 closed again hence why you needed the extra seed
cus I mean, PM64 and TTYD got HUGE flag shenaniganry with that and gamebreaking borkage if one doesnt handle these types of chapter skips well and all that
how much would it be ?
Okay, cool. Wanted to make you do a minish cap rando
as said pixels64Love in regards to the layout derp questions of mine: only when ya have time pixels64Love also ik that MMOoTR if one tracks all the things, trackers become a wild west of "many many things on it" if that makes sense PrideLaugh
I like chapter 6 because of the free infinite levels
I like the even numbered chapters more.
no stress pixels64Love in the end, I am mostly just messing with the layouts for my use rather then anything, the program isnt my doing and all that
Its weird watching actual cut scenes
I believe, Huff wouldnt be a meanie now would he (ik he most likely would but Imma choose to ignore it)
Nobody is responding to my kof pings so im bored
I needa grind for saturday but nobody showing up >:(
Also i played the granblue beta yesterday and that game is so fucking ass now
3cap me you wont moment PrideLaugh
I have an emote to submit
its from fake bombette in ice palace
Id lovve to see an animated emote of bombettes carrying dead mario liek the carry coffin meme LUL
could your tracker tell us what chapters we need if someone coded it?
I bought some magic cards for the first time. The artwork is cool.
If its like the alttp ones it skims the internals and auto tracks?
ive been digging digimon card art
Im not looking to play, just have some cool art.
so its not the same thing as like the tracker could see your starting partner and auto highlight that
its the same as have random seeds, the tracker shows all 4 when the seed you roll could be 0 seeds
now ive wrapped my head around it lol
If u stream tomorrow can u put on a turtle outfit?
I found a cringe DK suit, super tempted
do u have a tmnt shirt
I had my 1st experience in a DMV
That place is straight up depression
when I was 5 I had a TMNT belt buckle, wore that shit everyday
Get AAA, I renew my license through them.
They will renew your license and they also will help you if you get stuck in some shit.
The cynical part of me says thats the point :/
I got to the DMV 10 minutes after it opened and the line was ALREADY snakeing around the building
And it was almost an hour of waiting in 80 degree heat
Not the worst but I wanted to die
When I eventually got inside it was fine
After I got home from the DMV I had to go with my dad to look at good ways to get to college for 2 hours
30 min trip both ways for the fastest time
Ima make it monday wednesday friday
If I can do it like that
Finally able to catch a stream. ive been watching the vods on youtube for a few weeks now.
lol. i joined into an AD break
they say budget $1K and they hope to surprise with the actual price luceHmm
lol thank you. how's the all day randoin going?
yea. i never knew about the whole randomizer scene.
there is a sliding cover to hide S video when not in use, its very clean
yo!? the RT4K comes with a remote
in your #general if you get a chance
@Axl_SR Im gonna try my first DK64 randomizer tonight
there where go stupid caps lock was on
"Take my $1000 now and we can figure it out the rest later " LUL
did u just say triple dip prologue 30 mins in?
thats how most of my seeds go.
watch ultras be on laki fight
Correction, you can try to power shock
dont know what settings you plan of doing but season 2 [the race settings] is super rough
It expects you know how to track hints
Its what Ive been watching folks do, and I kinda understand the hints. I 101% the game years ago so Id try it as a starter
I could see that hint system working in pape rando but dont know how it would be implemented. DK64 was hint doors so thats easy enough for the dev team
Having foolish in pape would be awesome
@lordlevias19 toy box is on the way of the mushroom
@blacktiger51 it would be foolish to fight gonna Goomba King
@buff00n Im literally eating wing stop rn. Its the move for sure
@lordlevias19 those would be good hints lol
Id like to roll some seeds with forest pass so I get a forced reverse forest to see how that goes
also what would happen if you talk to oakly from the other side?
just a wall you cant pass?
He asks for a town pass KEKW
That pyro guy HAS to be annoying no matter what
the spiderman 2 bundle is 600 bucks looks like that are charging extra for the panels and controller
last time i check its against the law for falsely claim a copyright but nothing will happened
there was a toy company in japan that claim a vid about some guy trash talking them and the guy told them back off or im taking legal action and the company took the strike down
gotta love microsoft for doing things without your consent
and then there twitch play a copyright song eh just delete the vod KEKW
yeah youtube is dumb for that
and to think 1 day Microsoft will forced window 11 on us
if i ever get forced too i will be wiping it and putting 10 back on it
did you hear about the xbox 360 emulator?
just wait for someone to take the code apart and upload a new version to github
yeah my friend was trying to do that last year
i been thinking about seeing how bad a ps3 emulator run since there like 2 games that will never come to pc or ported to this gen
The tracker has been a life saver when I play rando now
1 game doesn't run super well last time i check
idk if you ever heard about eternal sonata
the ps3 version is the best version and it 1 of my fav game for xbox 360
then the other game is 3 dot game heroes
i haven't played it in years
its was fine when i played it
too bad we cant play ps3 games on ps5
looks like my pc can run the recommended requirements
i been playing my rando seed for like 15 hours  monkaW
im so far behind on rando tricks now
thats a scam thats been running since youtube copyright started lol
they just grab random music and send out an algo
recently a couple dudes got prison and fined like $40mil for running one for like a decade
Sushie is a snack 4 later you should always have her
i havent completed a rando in so long i kinda forgot you fight jr here
We should give Mario a gun so he doesnt need to
@RuneRavenFP i may or may not have 100% trails into reverie
I havent gotten to start azure yet
Ive remained 100% blind to both
lugia mansion would be a sick spinoff
Rename pokemon xd to lugia mansion
Raven, thanks for the laugh today. "The new zelda figure that can get you pregnant." OMEGALUL
Makes sense, i like hearing notifications as well
In other news I've been working on making cheats to make vanilla rando work but I did realize an issue with Prologue hammer
I can add a cheat to remove the block but the web generator won't let you generate what it thinks is an impossible seed so you'd need a modified local generator to make that hack work
Either a modified local generator or a different hack that does what you suggested and removes the Prologue hammer
Actually... Doesn't hammer start + vanilla gear give a Tayce T item from the bush anyway?
Really? I don't suppose I ever tried but that seems odd
oh no you have to fight the crystal king at a low level
so you need all the key items in the game to complete the run?
so you need a lime/lemon for instance?
was this laki start? I was walking pupper
I thought you were gonna say you made plando lol
what boss would you hang with at the bar if you could
id do huff n puff, he seems pretty down to earth
generral guy cause his boys know how to party
are you sure this isnt plando LUL
General guy probably would be the most entertaining
@Axl_SR yeah he seems like a business guy, he would get you wrapped up in some sketchy business
Tubba would be an emotional drunk KEKW
i have a nasty plan for mmootr plando as soon as i can plando the dungeons
what if one of the items you need is in a room that you dont check in this fortress?
I like watt in cyan, neon pink, and puke grren
they should randomize the music, for instance the koopa bro fortress can play the crystal palace music
interesting, im curious to see those comments
There are also a lot of soundtracks that dont fit long loops
yeah imagine getting like the battle theme for like a main hub area
axem rangers vs koopa bros, who do you prefer?
DK64 rando supports custom tracks, its wild entering japes lobby and hearing Persona 5 playing
btw are you gonna be playing the new mario rpg remake
which boss are you most worried about?
do you fight bowser in this run?
even the keys are spread out everywhere!!!
so what if you cant do any chapter cause at least one key from each chapter isnt accessable right away
then you check the spoiler log lol
there is a DK64 rando race going and its got 20 people. Wish pape could get numbers like that
I find it interesting the league has like 20 people but races average around 6. I know not everyone can be available of course.
I knew you would do that
good problem to have I guess
"when is it long enough to talk openly about spoilers for media?" Axl_SR: once the anime catches up to the manga KEKW
sorry im not talking much, im afk for a bit
I can't remember where stuff is in video games at all idk how you do this
ya i guess so it is still impressive to me
There and back again, a paper mario story
i just beat oceiros and got to the untended graves
crazy how in like 2 streams of ds3, i'm already in lothric castle
i beat like most of the early bosses in one try, even bosses i had trouble with before
Ya I want to catch more of your streams, but you usually start stream when I start work, or have other things going on.
with bloodborne, i normally beat mergo's wet nurse first try, but this time i struggled with it
there is a lot of luck involved in the first phase at least
It's the middle of the night in Europe
Central us time, and I work nights so my shift starts at 4:30pm
main reason i'm streaming much earlier now is cause of my work schedule. so i can get more stream time, since i can't stream as much during the week
Ya it always sucks when you have to much work and no life
dark souls 2 was gonna be part of the marathon, but i got to no man's wharf and thought "nah, i'm good" and went to bloodborne instead
also, i may have found a really fun modpack for sekiro when i get to that
it basically changes it to be metal gear rising, wolf is changed to raiden, all the music is changed to mgr music, and that's about it
i originally had one that changed wolf into TOTK link, but it looked way too cursed for my liking
If the water stone is in the volcano why is still so hot
So I have found ways to count the Prologue hammer bush as already collected, remove the Homeward Shroom, and allow seed duping. Any other requests before I make this into a cheat file?
Same reason it doesn't make Mario's pocket soggy?
So what this does is it actually triggers the Jr fight when you walk into the rooom
Might also want to do something about Kent now that I think about it...
Yeah, I'll see if I can do that
and you can still tell Kent he's a jerk when you pass him lol
I mean, the reason I'm going through the effort is I think it'll be fun to watch
I can still see the stream well
also, i love when you activate the ruins, it's night time, but you go in and the sun is shining
I spent so long on this jump lol
doing that ultra boots jump like that
Okay my computer was just freaking out randomly for some reason, I'm back
.....I forgot you could jump on the chest like that lol
I've never seen this glitch before, that was fun
I'll just practice my ultra boot jumps lol
Okay, I found the flag for Kent
set to greenwich time, the most vanilla time of all
He does quite a few checks begrudgingly
I mean, either one could be true
I would, if I bloody knew how to
Get your gambas in: Magical Bean or Tubba Key 3
I'm going to take off, GL on the rest of your rando runs!
MY FORTUNE IS YOURS FOR THE TAKING, CHAT
I tossed in points to make it interesting
BUT YOU'LL HAVE TO GUESS FIRST
@buff00n Did you leave it all on the island? The One Piece?
I guess if he gets star stone, we save 5 minutes on NVM
Okay I put together a cheat file but it may or may not work, not sure if format is correct or if other stuff is needed
@pethanct01 I left it all at twitch.tv/Phantom5800
YOU CAN'T BEAT THE SYSTEM, CHAT
Well, it was just me that bet.
Im going for speedrun redemptions so its all good
Where Pulse Stone? Have you seen it yet?
@pethanct01 I'm down for double or nothing if you are
we need a prediction, what else is stopping go mode?
o, what if we do a Bowser prediction?
@buff00n I was about to suggest the same thing
Over/under, even/odd seconds, Bowser PB cap if going for PB
Thats why the bean vs key was a good bet
Star Haven about to be stacked
I'm more concerned with how they took Kooper's shell...
So, what in the seed has been locked behind glitches? What glitches were required?
Oh okay, sounds good. If the first 2 lines in particular match the cheat you used I think it'll work
The first 2 lines are there to bypass some protection measures on N64 and I copied the ones for US Paper Mario
I imagine it'll probably work but am not 100%
Or check Peach's Castle maybe NiceSoftlock
I want to say I think it's consistent in progressive scaling? But they're also higher-scaled then
Both Power Plus in Library YEP
I bet you could do that strat in All Bosses if you wanted
The all bosses run has been tested by the worlds top scientists. We know the fastest route
All this because of a failed Watt block papeHands
Why would they even cap the bounces though. It goes against skill.
Capping makes sense, otherwise someone with good timing just one-turns every boss
Random caps is where it gets iffy
knives6GoodBoy phanto274Jam runera3Yes shayyJam glennj5JAAMIN stickshamMinuteBomb
are you guys well versed in naruto lore?
Wii U e-shop went hard tho
I lost 5 pokemon in my SV wonderlocke to pokemon league
It was stated long ago it that Minato took 3 years to develop the rasengan, but in the new one shot he did it by the end of the chapter. Granted that was in Kushina's inner sactum battling Kurama. I just made me question it.
Farigiraf is now one of my favorite pokemon
Chapter 2 looking like Chapter 1 difficulty
now you wont lose star points LUL
im back from Tampa Bay Comic Convention. Got Rob Paulsen to sign my copy of TMNT Sheddars Revenge, and got his son Ash to sign my BN Complete Words cause he edited it.
that was all I did, didnt care about anything else there lol
Richard Karn was there [played Al from Home Improvement] but 50 bucks an autograph im only doing one lol
I am exhausted tho, normally dont leave the house so driving to tampa, being on my feet all day, and driving back... I am not used to that.
I see you already have Ultra Boots?
I still thought it was hilarious when you said you found goombario at my moms house that 1 time
Goombario being the son you never could be
Thats more then you would think
One more spelling error and you're outta here
Gotta love chpt 1 difficulty on chpt 2
Seeing blue seed reminds me, did you ever get a chance to see if the codes I sent you work?
Yoo Phantom! Good luck on your run! How's it going? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Fair enough. Hopefully I'll get to watch a bingo at some point, I think that would be fun phanto274Smile
Dump your inventory on the moles
Gotta get back to work... stickshamDamn
That one time Blooper was required for a letter in a race...
did i just hear a req blue key seed req? peepoHappy
tbh, it was DEFINITELY pink area the 1st squirt, so I'unno why it didn't work
my tan line is outrageous rn
i have been cooked the past month
I am not going to question what happened to gourmet guy to be yellow LUl
Yeah lets go with that LUL
oh yeah the power went off 15 minutes ago
florida weather has made its way north
If I could only use that snowman doll right now that would be great LUL
its been 90/100 the past couple days
i live right on the coast and hasnt been able to been to the beach since the 4th
Help! Please send us those snowman dolls LUL
He asked you earlier for one.
hate being forced to go to 3
Thats a new one for Laki LUL
kooper was holding him hostage, messed up
First time o ever saw Kooper hold Laki hostage
I see you have found Rigbys favorite child the blue key
We know, that's why we're hoping it's required.
The best seeds force him to have Goombario and require blue key.
i will reward you 300 silver pieces and 22 exp for the mission
Is this a palette cleansing, return-to-roots run?
Aw! Theres one too many purple Koopa bros and not a red instead
Just think of all the possibilities! You can clear 2, 4, and even get into the volcano
yep sucks but cant do much about it ^^"
its that difference between physical exhaust to mental exhaust
when ya get the tools early PrideLaugh
yee I getcha (even if the amount of tools in say MMR would be a bigger range possibly)
fingers crossed the last couple things ya need dont hid in stoopid spots = rando be rando PrideLaugh
want my seed instead i have not much left and have idea no idea what to do next lol
@blacktiger51 are you STILL stuck KEKW
yup this seed been going on for 20 hours
also to the tracker layout stuffs: thanks for takin the look pixels64Love
still tryina wrap my head around a possible re-organization of all the things so it could possibly fit more "neatly"
just that "dont split the games" feel
realised btw @blacktiger51 that my world just doesnt have enough ice blocks, sooo it's gonna be a ride to accomplish what I want due to that 
basically I am tryin to build all the biomes myself because building my shit in the biomes feels lame
and I always prepped all the things basically
but to build snow / ice biomes, I prefer the use of ice blocks, which world gen didnt give me much if any PrideLaugh
Just use an ice maker 4Head
@Jonxhas that sounds like a pain
@janitorbeav man I wish that'd be a thing in vanilla KEKW
After playing Terraria with mods I can't go back
I wanna first get all the achievements (and since I am stoopid) I do so with master modle in effect @janitorbeav
sooo everything's a lil bit more scary if I prevent the eye of cthulhu to spawn while prepping KEKW
Sounds like you rolled a 1 there phantom
I HATE to try blocking that dizzy spin KEKW
(it sucks more on emu I bet)
or rather - emu would not help at all if you never played this on N64 or other good options
like - my vanilla playthrough of this game was on WiiU sooo
I got through it - but blocking shit was ROUGH
I mean that's just classic duplicating monster logic
Don't rage. Thunder rage that is.
A lot of squirting in this seed for sure.
How do you do CH4 without Bow or Watt?
I thought it was in CH2 behind hammer.
Odd that he heals 20 regardless of scale.
@phantom5800 Yo, we heard how much you liked Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door, so now we are giving you the prequel to it, The Hundred Day Window.
Is this the only seed for tonight
thats fine, its a just chatting stream lol
thats fine, its a just chatting stream lol
jesus how bad did you glitch the game ScaredyCat
I am also just tuning in to see... Black Pit
I've heard of this before but haven't seen it in action
I assume you get partners... eventually?
I assume you get partners... eventually?
So they buffed Laki and nerfed Bombette and Parrycarry?
Enemies having 0 defense also is a big buff to Bow assuming partner movesets are unchanged
is there a wiki to explain stuff for this mod?
im counting on you to keep me in the loop. The only pape discord im in is for rando
im counting on you to keep me in the loop. The only pape discord im in is for rando
so is ttyd64 the whole game or is it like a few chapters at a time?
oh right, they turned off defense stats in this
dont forget the sour cream and cheese
That one run where you had all the lucky badges and almost won
If every 10th floor is special you could split on either leaving the floor or opening the partner chest
What was this mod called again
What was this mod called again
Yay for Last Stand monkaS Clap
Last Stand high-key carrying the run rn
Get slow go when you see it
Get slow go when you see it
you need more FP for that too
Ultra Bow seems OP when no enemies have defense
So you can get like all or nothing later
I dont think this game classifies them as Ground types.
This Mario is made from 100% recycled materials.
This Mario is made from 100% recycled materials.
levias, did i miss your dk64 rando?
So hes luigi since he is green Mario?
I missed my dk rando haha. I had it set up, but was wayyyyy too tired and went to bed. Had work all damn day
I know that feel, I went to a comic convention today and am exhausted
Can you come back for it later?
Does Fire Shield reduce damage by more than 1 here?
I think it's time for me to go to bed but this looks fun, definitely wouldn't mind if you decided to stream more at some point.
the damage dodges stack right KEKW
gonna assume that the star points are the "achievements"?
gonna assume that the star points are the "achievements"?
blocking the dayzies or whatever they go by typing wise is roough is all I know
like - ttyd they were pain, here I can only assume they're worse
or well - should be other way round but I am more familiar with TTYD
what the FUCK is that lakitu doing KEKW
what the FUCK is that lakitu doing KEKW
was he literally flooding the room with more encounters?
"and this is the enemy type with which you play the floor is lava"
yea but even then it still sounds rough
TTYD infinite pit tought me the strategic stall is best
(though that also allows you to go WAYS deep to the point where you end up just spamming high damage commands every fight)
but anything going past floor 100 = you... gonna be in for a ride
like - if fights take either seconds or minutes (and the minutes just for you to stall out your star points again) PrideLaugh
theory question: does a 2nd flower saver lower it to 0FP? VisLaud
cant turn slow go on / off once found?
cant turn slow go on / off once found?
know what this might need? just for the sake of it rather then anything
cant upgrade partners past their normal rank max in this right?
the fact one attack these rocks is wild KEKW
the fact one attack these rocks is wild KEKW
flower saver can only be good honestly
got new puppies inbounds wr passerDance
passing on the gdq raid that was passed on to me lol
come to think how does the badge system work in this?
they all get equipped right on find that much I gathered
gotcha so basically you're on way past the 30 BP of vanilla then
gotcha so basically you're on way past the 30 BP of vanilla then
or they're all on 0 badge cost
Why do they take so much from the bomb
so they are like the pit only enemies from ttyd
yep sure sounds like the pit enemies from ttyd
at least there's no random anti guys in the fights KEKW
at least there's no random anti guys in the fights KEKW
Splash says to do a battle without getting hit
Theres no kill quite like overkill
Theres no kill quite like overkill
that paratroopa was 2 bob ombs in a trench coat
game told you to GET OUT
just casually put a door behind a bombwall
Ok this isn't ending too bad-
guess I'm speed running a error code phanto274Shrug
is it weird i'm starting to look forward to waking up so i can see what mons showed up overnight in pokemon sleep lmao
Vanilla... but where's the boss room? phanto274Thonk
I got a shiny through Sleep
guess i'm a dynasty warriors streamer now
i mean you'd have a lot of variety to be fair if you just prioritized the series. original, samurai, hyrule, one piece, fire emblem, gundam, even persona
Entrance randomizer to the most extreme design
It's all fun and games until we get mixed pool entrance randomizer
I'm sorry Phantom but I am leaving the stream during Star Storm. It bores the hell out of me and frankly I can think of a whole host of things I'd rather be doing, including playing with a rubber band. please
I'm sorry Phantom but I am returning to the stream during Chapter 7. It excites the hell out of me and frankly I can't think of anything I'd rather be doing, including playing Glitchless. bless
after the seed ill tell you where bucket is if you wanna know
we need ice to draw another map
crystal palace shuffled is FOR REAL lol
I spend a good 30 minutes here
You're doing quite well actually. Maybe got lucky with the order you took the entrances in, but nevertheless
haha forgetting that palace key door and not being able to go back is rough
someone add a map to this show where each room connet please after you been to the room please
gotta bow out, but the crazy stuff is over now anyway :] It's whacky, and needs some polish still, but hope you guys enjoy this trip. Hopefully I can coerce the seed generator into making the seeds proper
yeah CEA wasnt nice at all today, tried to force 3 runs and they all sucked KEKW
its hard to optimize the category but a sub 8 is certainly possible and thats my goal, but im at 8:16 right now
can be 5, 10, 15, 25, 40 minutes in every area and im required to get one in 4 areas
but yeah any% ENG is like done done
JPN could be beaten and i think one of the people who got into RTA in japan could beat it
remember i got 3:39 in both languages the day before i went to seattle LUL
but yeah im gonna go grab food, hope rando is chill clintLove
hello again hows paper mario going
he just wanted you to step on him
wait why are some items still blacked out?
my favorite part was chapter 3
oh so you just need to beat bowser?
skipping warehouse keya nd bucket lmao
oh god desert and forever forest
like comment and sub to phantom5800
can't wait for the followup 'hello youtube'
goombario was trying to tell you where they were
thats a alot of cum on your everdrive phanto274Thonk
What is "the greatest cum of all time"?
i am innocent how dare you
goombario just jumped in your pants
he just hasn't had time to take out the trash lately
he's very busy staring at his orb
Maple syrup? Various shrooms? I forgot this game takes place in Canada
I thought we were going to be in for it. When you start saying "Laki please", touble is not far behind.
omg, lucellia is polling which crystal king to attack KEKW
I want to eat all my food as a yoshi shape
i just want to eat all my food as a yoshi
Mario movie 2 make it happen
put whipped cream on your waffles, play a yoshi sound effect as you lap is up, see how others react
So how does this entrance work? Can dungeon entrances be literally anywhere? Or is it specific places.
not too bad, back to rando to get ready for the league
3:20 but ultra boots were on Anti Guy, and Kooper was on Dictionary which was on the ultra boots block in ch 7 lol
jade raven was also behind Kooper in ch 7 but it's not like that mattered
i loved your black pit vod on yt, will you be doing more of those types of runs?
I just remembered I never opened mario kart live lol
this charging cable is the length of my foot, thanks nintendo
wouldve been really funny to see a vanilla bucket there
oh does getting hit there softlock?
hopefully that isnt also in crystal palace
youve seen my awful cursed controller right?
it has no pad on the thumbstick
i am finally getting sticks for it
the sticks im getting are also v nice
new edge lighting is looking good LUL
Random question: do you happen to have a clip of you opening the ch7 bridge with Super Boots? I've had difficulty replicating it, even trying to TAS.
Is there something special with how high you jump to begin with?
I guess I'll just need to experiment with it more, feel like the game almost always just eats the spin jump
OH no worries! I just wanted to make sure you got it.
I have been too busy, will not have a day off to relax until Next Friday the 12th.
Oh, I think I mentioned I live in Wyoming
Oh I know, one of the reasons I moved from Minnesota
Cost of living here is about 1/2 of what it was in MN
Ya I am paying less for my mortgage than I did for rent in a shitty apt in MN
and no state income tax, car insurance is aobut 1/3 the cost
Nevada is super cheap to live in in comparison
OH that helps a ton to have people setup to help/
That is crazy , you live in California???
Canada, ya gotta fund that "free" health insurance somehow.
I grow or hunt / fish a lot of my food.
So that helps a ton there.
a 79.99 game come out to 90 bucks its sucks
is that first part of that as easy as it looks?
i just pulled up a phantom vod and try it awhile back got it pretty quickly
thats not true, if the bubulb in the forest had one, you could seed dupe it
honestly im just sad bc that means that you cant make the worst ever plandomizer that requires seed duping
should i get a raphnet adapter or just a normal adapter to use a gamecube controller on pc
i have a mayflash, its good
I had a CK fight the other day where I had to charge for like 6 times bc I didnt have power bounce, he was 7 scaled, and I had no other reasonable way to deal enough damage
may flash will be cheaper cuz shipping is free for me on amazon so gonna get that 1 thanks
that cool i can also use mayflash on switch
yeah, its basically a dupe of the official nintendo adapter
should i get 3rd party controller or get a official one
oh right this chapter in entrance rando is really funny
hmm i might just steal 1 from my sisters
have a good night, thanks for the stream. This was a fun one
Also you might wanna dust off Luigi's Mansion. Only 12K points away LUL
alright gonna buy that for axl Kappa
i mean i can afford but no i like the number going up
what do you mean, its 50/50, either he uses it or he doesnt
Im pretty sure its 100% from what I just witnessed Kappa
ill still never live down the high of powershocking hallway one time as a last ditch effort to preserve peril bc I forgot to swap to bow
its midnight have to go to bed but you are on final boss so i can get off after
17 damage a turn seems so high after doing so much any% monadoYesHoney
even in rando he can just do it to ya
gg better luck next time :(
Sounds good, look forward to seeing some bingo content in the future then :D
YouTube Premium giving me free discord nitro even though I can't have it
There are a couple key differences using rando that you may or may not have thought of
Rowf open means immediate Speedy, Odd Key early makes BHS free
can you make it start with more than 1 speedy?
Fair, wasn't sure how vanilla you'd want it
Some things are made harder in rando though, mostly bc of progressive upgrades
Fire Mario with Fire Flower, what will he do?
if only you had hammer throw
Notably makes entering ch7 more difficult
If only you had Mega Rush
So many greetings in chat AAAA
pokemon presents? will they actually have something I care about LUL
Pokemon Let's Go make a good game for once
but they are good. maybe not great or masterpieces but they're good
This isn't BS Zelda 4th quest wtf
i can't believe we're getting a Pokemon Dynasty Warriors crossover
give me anything not open world
I want a more in depth pokemon game and not another rehash again
Give me a new good PMD, PMD:ES remake or better yet... PokPark 3
Yeah its a long shot and will never happen
phantom wants another pokemon snap KEKW
only give me PokePark 3 if we can have another pokemon without a tail bragging about learning Iron Tail shasPlot
id even be happy with another pokemon puzzle league
bring back megas would be ok to
trozei 2 is a mobile game, first one was on DS
we had Battle Trozei on 3DS, then Shuffle which was Trozei but on 3DS and mobile
I feel called out for some reason
We also had Pokemon Trozei Warriorrs 3 Orochi
the Rumble games are neat too ngl
Would you guys like to see a Xenoblade Warriors?
i was memeing earlier but Pokemon Warriors would be neat
I also want a ranger where I swing the joycon around
Hyrule Warriors had such an ungodly amount of stuff to do
and switch version added on the 3DS content
kami you can make circles on Switch, why not ranger?
yeah that was an issue with the first Fire Emblem Warriors, movesets were mostly based on weapons not characters, so since characters could share weapon types there were only like 5 movesets lol
Hush axl, i'm trying to reassure the streamer
i like how when you don't have the partner their name has a ? in the partner menu like mario is trying to remember their name
"Can you help me... Soshie? Was that your name? I forget sorry"
HW1 was more diverse in characters but HW:AoC was bland and a fanfic
I actually forgot about it LUL
this week i got 3 hopes cause it was like 27 bucks at bestbuy
but yeah the maps were... not AS good. they were more natural but also made getting around the map annoying
i need to play 3 houses tho
the way i like to describe it is Hyrule Warriors is Dynasty Warriors with a Zelda flair. Age of Calamity is Zelda with a Dynasty Warriors flair
the balance is swapped between the two
so in Hyrule Warriors the maps are easier to traverse and have more concrete bases
like i just went back and beat the story mode of Pirate Warriors 4 cause new DLC coming and that game has a few annoying maps for the AoC reason
but most of them are wide areas with connectors more like HW
like maps where i could easily get around from one side to the other for a side mission? great! ones where i got stuck on a wall because they were narrow corridors so i couldn't quite tell where i had to turn on the minimap so it made traversing frustrating? not good!
When I was learning, PMA said to do left of up-left
i still think one of the funniest things is that if you played hyrule warriors legends on OG 3DS the KO reqs for A rank were lower than on New 3DS because it couldn't spawn as many foes
honestly it's pretty nice so people still using OG 3DS but getting the game wouldn't have a harder challenge just due to system choice
It just occurred to me that every generation of Pokmon is Red and Blue with the box art or legendaries (or a shade of red or blue)
You can do most of KBF
black and white are notoriously shades of red and blue
Well I said legendaries as well, Reshiram having Red highlights and Zekrom having Blue highlights
Fortress Keys? Pulse Stone? In my glitch logic? DansGame
Old enough to own a house
Actually if you calculate the amount it costs for renting out the road house, you can easily calculate the amount needed to pay for mortgage and home owners insurance
Then housing is free, open economy. Based Monarch of the Mushroom Kingdom
we need a phanto chad fifiChad
sounds like you need to get a new gf axl
So the Mushroom Kingdom is just Canada????
to be fair... Maple syrup? Various shrooms? This game screams Canada
Here are all your letters YEP
i don't see any sign of a mushroom kingdom outside my window
so i had to do one of my least favorite things to do today. hook up a new keyboard. because my setup makes it a pain in the ass lol
yeah i have a desk with a drawer in front and center and i have my keyboard there to keep the area in front of my monitor clear. so i have to route the cord through the back of the drawer and behind the desk. then i have to tie the cord to my backscratcher, push that to the side, reach around the side of my desk, put that to hang on top of the desk, and then take that cord, untangle it from the other cords and put it beneath, and then finally plug it in
it's the only way i can feasibly do it with just me and no assistance
i have a working space bar again so that's great
just have to get used to the new keyboard lol
Any Minish Cap run of your choice.
someone made mario 64 into only up
it bugs me that their emote code is virgin48
I didn't know Yoshi's Island had a footlocker store
@Mirby_Studios I want it to be just Virgin
i mean desi did get gay
Nah fr makes sense cuz Virgin isn't allowed in some chats so the emotes can be universal
one of the reasons I changed my name axlsrDab
my emote code makes things sound like a special attack
but you know how fast Virgin69 will be sniped
that sounds like i'm insulting you lmao
so i was playing yoshi's island a while back and i realized you could describe the raph fight in a very dirty way
you're shoving posts up his ass
"let me finish this castle, just gotta peg this bird"
The baby sNeed to end all baby sNeeds
Oh i thought you would have had a baby mario emote for phanto274babyseed
It means you should break the game
i got a new desk fan today. this one is actually powerful
I have these virgin48VirginYAY virgin48RIP virgin48Jimmysmom and the 500 bit one is understandable but 100 for jimmy's mom with a glock
i'm just out of emote space
my god this customer is not understanding that i can't give them inventory information and they need to talk to the dealership
i have told them 3 times already i can't and they keep asking lol
i can't give any figures even vague because if i'm wrong then the dealership gets mad at us
time to get the dealership mad at you Pog
at least i'm chat so i can yell at this person and they'll never know
I've twitch primed to him for 5 months bc before I had my emotes heckO7 ( -> virgin48PenguinWave ) I used heck07 a lot
YOU'RE NOW SPEAKING TO MIRBY_STUDIOS SAY HI
Going to shower BRB also save goombario for a sub
but I think at 6 months i'll probably switch up my prime sub ne0jojSmug
what's that, throw goombario in a sub and sink it?
you're fast to... you know what nevermind
heckYAY heckO7 heckSip heckZodiac heck7 heckCzy  are the only dad emotes I use
i used it to get this keyboard and desk fan :P
i've been bumming amazon prime off my mom for like 4 years now
i had to get my own prime, cause there were items maddy didn't want their mom to know about
okay my very adult meal was delicious
i had like 20 chicken nuggets
I've had taco bell 4-5/7 days a week for the last 7 weeks
phantom and i had taco bell like 3 times at SGDQ at 5am
AGDQ is gonna have the taco bell angle
i usually get a iced tea ad or a Pokmon ad
I usually get a sprite ads
so I tried out Mario kart live, Hikari is afraid of luigi driving around my house LUL
I used to use soundcloud cuz almost no ads and now theres an ad every other song
sorry im not really talking i'm tryna make an emote of game and watch using judgement going from 6 to 9
let us know if it goes on 7tv
I just don't have a switch to get the frames so i'm scronging around the interweb trying to find it
Idk how to get from 7tv or vice versa
found a new mod to try, its only up but its mario 64 lol
Yeah, are you. I demand to know if you will get trap.
I was talking to a friend about only up because I had an idea of a VR simulator of 9/11 where it's like a puzzle game where you start from a random floor and have to make it out of the world trade center
puzzle / only up type of game
We just ignoring that 9/11 simulation comment?
sway got into a gdq hotfix?
I got the 6 9 emote it's waiting on pending
not animated emote space left but i'll figure it out
it took me 2 months of using heck07 to realize lmao
wait paper mario has 3 eyes? virgin48VirginStare
Two eyes on each side and one in the middle.
okay i'm back after my vacation to the bed
Vacation on a bed is based
Now you only need to do Clippy once in the ruins YEP
You just did + 1 for +fun is all
and that why there should be a option to have it on or off to make that 1 person happy and every one else happy
its like how in persona 5 everyone has to agree on the targets heart to steal
oh maybe a better one make runway pay 0 bp so we can kind of have a option
fee like if someone has a major conflict of interest like that guy, he shouldn't have veto power in that situation
But then the dev team could become corrupt, quid pro quo
And dev teams and leaders of randomizer races are notoriously corrupt and power hungry.
Seems like the rest should play it as politics, veto anything that one person likes till that person stops their unnecessary vetoing ... But then that enables politics and could lead to a bigger problem later
plus when you are high level do you do the fight and get no exp, or run and loss ext?
the only fights worth doing are like blue station shy guy room
its an example but if the goal is go fast youll still run
I will say it has helped me train to not get encounters
only if the pape rando was open source Sadge
and there are rare end game scenarios where I wanted to drop exp to avoid a level up but thats like 2 out of 160 seeds lol
This guy knows his vanilla crates
@ScrambledDragons Where did you put it?
Go mode Tubba's Castle and Toy Box is nice
And by that you mean skip to the end
I remember there being a Jelly Ultra and a Cookbook in the playroom, don't recall if right side had anything
Surprising that there's no "weight" to this Rando. Kappa
Now that I think of it, I also remember you picking up the item on the left building but I don't remember what it was
There was an Ultra Shroom (which was on the building), a Bubble Berry from Kammy, and P-Up D-Down in the hidden block
You /did/ have early Toy Box on in logic, right?
I remember it being near at least one other key item
So it could have been 7 shop
If only you could buy repel gels. Kappa
You could just get the one in front of boos mansion
It's worth but then no PB. phanto274Shrug
Quick Change sure does come in handy
Phantom is the paper mario randomizer dictator for a month, what does he do with the community, dev team and race rules?
I finally found you live, I have really enjoyed your youtube vods so thanks for uploading
People call that cold brew and charge an extra 2 dollars for it
i think coffee flavor is so gross but if you were shilling it i would listen
The real secret is the 50 cent cold brew refills
Apropos of nothing, have you enjoyed any paper mario fan games besides black pit and that bad translation one
Mario didn't get his kiss. No~ FallCry
the christmas hack rain worked on was funny
did u see anything on star nova
I hope new version runs on console
I saw the demo for one called Wish Upon Abyss
not running on everdrive is a deal breaker for me
the only hack i put up with not doing so was the christmas one
and that was cause it was short
I don't like emulating this game
plus a ever drive cost too much
For the amount of time I put into my everdrive 175 was very worth it and I would not call expensive
plus a n64 to gamecube adapter cuz i hate n64 controllers
it's a big initial investment but honestly retro gaming in general is expensive nowadays
its no different than dropping 500 bucks on a PS5
only if pape and combo rando works on wii Sadge
it's the best but it is still bad unless you're running no ace in which you skip every chapter that lags
i seen jokehow play rando on wii and ummmmmm
WiiU is considered best from what ive heard
I hated emulating this game but I found my old N64 so I want to try learning it at some point
I want to try and learn glitchless first
glitchless is good until you start sacrificing your morals for speed
it did not used to be that way lmfao
we used to sing praises for glitchless and no ace
For every category Hallway/Final Bowser is miserable
maybe 1 day we will get a custom n64 emulator for wii that can run pape good
I could see that. I also want to learn rando
all cards is really the only one we used to admit was really hard
@ScrambledDragons the moment you try to scare those poor moles away it's too late for you
before the rando I had watched like 2 years of pape speedruns so for me learning rando was free.
@mx_four Wait... you mean... we're the bad guys? WutFace
i hope ttyd64 fixes power shock LUL
the combo rando dev is working his ass off pushing a shit ton of new stuff for it
listen you can't be regretting 11 minutes in lol
I've been watching pape 64/ttyd runs since like, 2012
I remember when fish glitch was the only glitch
And TTYD was basically impossible to break
turns out you can do whatever you want if you're just silly enough
i've only ever done this at home
I started watching BN6 in 2013, erothaur was the first account I followed on twitch LUL
why would i ever lie to you
ngl i actually forgor when i typed that lmao
Phantom you just missed the best badge in the game
You never make the best choices; ignoring Goombario and Slow Go is why you don't win seeds.
i can't wait until 2030 when rando implements black pit's style of forcing you to equip badges when you touch them
and then we'll have a race where slow go is on a random check and the race takes like 7 hours
i've been sipping on fireball lately bc i've had a cinnamon beverage need
but i forgot to get some this weekend
cinnamon gives me heartburn, but tbf, everything does
i swear i've gotten heartburn from water LUL
oh hey day 3 of leftover pizza here HeyGuys
the first 2 days were fine today waas shameful
I really like cinammon and fireball doesn't break my diet somehow lmao
most sugary things are way too many carbs
See if you can find something called Brown Sugar Bourbon, it's distilled in Washington. I believe it's what fireball wishes it could be.
yeah the water thing is odd but definitely happens.
yeah it's like just under the limit for me
sipping on fireball reminds me of like chewing big red gum in a good way
like just keeping that nice flavor
i'm not even the drinking type, but it tastes like home
"Hi, I'm Ricky Bobby, and if you don't chew Big Red then fuck you."
i never drink enough to get impaired
i did in my early 20s lmao but i'm too old
that's why i can't do rum, it's so tasty then i'm like "woah  "
I don't feel good the next day anymore
the last time i got way too drunk it was like a multi day affair of feeling shitty and i was like "i can't do this ever again"
i had a few too many margs, then mixed that with some wine like a real smart dude
Smashed event, makes sense to me.
i never been drunk before don't really like alcohol
No shame in not drinking, in fact you're probably better off for it
oh i will have a drink or 2 sometimes
runs out of his house wearing a tank top and no pants
i think its a bit high time i asked this u may not reveal or plead the 5th its called in ur area maybe but are u available?
Sometimes you just gotta shoot your shot
How nice of the ad break to wait until after you leveled up to start
You're a strong independent mario who don't need no parakarry
yo any good donation incentives for pape rando? besides pigs and swapping partners
Just delivering mail and defeating Bowser, normal mail man things ya know
well I'm doing every $10 is a pig and any $5 donation allows people to swap the partner that I have out
that honestly sounds like a lot of fun
$20 selects what to increase at level up LUL
i like this game when i'm not playing it
raising money for Lambda Legal as part of a marathon with the twitch team I'm affiliated with
and every $40 my friend's dog that I'm watching gets a treat
hey, got to use him to make money somehow
I'm debating if I want to do power star hunt or just throw in some coins and panels
I mean I'm not... strictly held to a time slot
just do what I did - raise a certain amount and you have to find goombario
because he has no logic LUL
So IDK what was stopping me before but I think I figured out how to do the ch7 bridge lol
i misheard that as cruss t
See, the settings I used were to try to be as vanilla as possible, which meant hidden blocks set to Watt's Ability
I think I assumed the correct frame was later than it was
You can GP completely inside the block and that frame doesn't work, you have to do the frame before YEP
frick trying to get into that seed the way they do in runs
you can also not do that :)
You... also don't have to do this...
Can't believe the balls on this guy, to do this.
oh boy desert checks with pulse stone
Is Clippy to get into Chapter 2 expected with glitched logic?
Oh, so you're just showing off then
@FatPidgeyBirb I like how you think.
The ceiling is farther horizontally from the stairs
i'll start playing with a rubber band
So star stone and a tubba key for go?
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down-
I saw that vod. It was a good find
he is so ass that we don't want anyone to have to deal with him ever again
Or wS it when Kooper was in jail? Did I imagine that?
I like these glitch logic seeds. Which partner did you start with this time?
Is it a jump like wall/rock jump?
Was that both or just star?
Good thing you came here first, got go mode w/o even exploring
You going to look at all for parakarry?
Still not the true minimum partners
If I'm not mistaken, I think the minimum partners for both rando and vanilla is 3 but it's a different 3
you need close calls on the goomba bros if you don't get goombario which is funny but also hurts
at least it's early but like. Damn
i did it a few days ago for fun
You're a sick fuck with a twisted sense of 'fun' /lh
i am absolutely ill at paper mario
I can't wait to get my GBC all cleaned up and working again
I wish I could add a backlight mod to it but money
I got like, the most perfect GBA I've seen in my LIFE from Mea
So I just look at it and I'm like 'why would I ever mod this'
I've seen some SICK shells tho
I'm doing iridescent lavender with dark purple buttons for my GBC and I'm going to disrespectfully art all over mine, get an internal speaker mod, and get a new power LED in, it's my childhood one so I wanna do it right
1 more fight that's worth anything YEP
Is what I said considered backseating?
Or does it not cross any lines?
Is there a glitch for that if you don't get kooper?
we should at LEAST kill him with ace so we don't have to finish the game with him
So kooper, Laki are required. Can you beat General Guy without Watt?
Like with a magma fist through the chest?
Ok. I'll g9 back and watch that part of the vod
Laki should try hider to be Kooper and Bombette too
Out of curiosity, do you think it'd be possible to "mirror clip" the wall in the switch room to skip Bombette?
maybe friendship isnt' all it's cracked up to be yknow
GL with moving, when's the move again?
for sure, I didnt have to worry about find one cause I had my house built. But finding a buyer for my old house to fit my timeline was super stressful.
I may also be in the market for a house in the not-too-distant future, but I've still got about a year on my current lease
Do you have stairs or is it all one level?
before I bought my first house I rented upstairs. That sucked
I live on the 3rd floor of an apartment building YEP
but renting down stairs you have the risk of the room above leaking on you
if i rented a place like what I have right now id easily be paying double my current mortage
wear a mask on stream LUL
Probably more reason to go there, right? Unless you just really want to do Ultra Hammer Skip lol
Yeah, there are 3 dungeon locations open rn
I had a seed where gulch led to toy box and I still had the toy train on me
the feel when toy box is in ch7 and blue station has the frying pan
Fortress could be... one of the dungeons available
Would be convenient if it's volcano but phanto274Shrug
what dungeons have you been to?
No dungeons visited yet but we have logical access to volcano, fortress, and Tubba's castle
be glad its cheap merlow LUL
He's running a scam.  30 lol.
i always forget letters give star pieces
like i forget in the moment
3 visits to merlow is the worst
but then dolly's a coconut for turn in
at least there was a dried shoom and not another star piece lol
thats one expensive ass dried shroom
This is surprisingly annoying all for bombbette lol
I think our jp_beatz situation may be fixed PAUSERS
yeah I emailed the dude and he apologized and said he'd take care of it lmfao
said it may take 3-5 business days tho lmao
is that all it really took? and youtube had trouble doing that simple task?
youtube is very hands off with copyright stuff
dude uploaded the music through a service called distrokid
and distrokid will allow you to turn on auto content id claiming
Since its cheaper for them to ignore it then investigate
I mean he seems to also have original music
I'm willing to believe he's just technologically illiterate and didn't realize he was doing it KEKW
how tf do you OG music but claim someone else's music as your own?????
Ah so someone not nintendo did a dumb
why claim on his video then?
youtube basically takes the stance that the actual creator needs to defend their own copyright and they won't get involved
in a vacuum makes sense, but has issues like this
If they had someone actually look at the stuff instead of it being auto ignored by a bot
Or the fact you don't get your money back from the time of the false claim
when you make all the fuckin money off exploiting people, why should you be bothered w/ helping said people?
content ID makes sense if everyone is acting in good faith
Capitalism?  In good faith?  Good joke. HypeFire
That's odd. I'll investigate where that Clubba is taking a nap this time
I remember Jim Sterling used to make videos he would put in nintendo and activision footage in the same video and let them fight over the ad revenue LUL
Lol.  Nintendo claiming everything for YEARS.  Or the music people going after parody.
The new models they made for Garou actually look good
I think it helps it's not a team game so there's not 60 chars but still lol
I think I just saw the soul leave your body lol
So...when's the Last time you saved?
@buff00n Just look at my twitter I RT'd it all
They showed rock and terry do a few moves
And the crowd came when rock shouted raging storm
the funniest part of BN6 postgame has been seeing these HeelNavis get their asses kicked by EVERYONE
there is this fight stick you need to see
He fell from the crystal tree.  Return to sender faulty crystal
dread rando is really hard when you havent played the game since release
Oh what happened I was shittin
I'll just leave a dm on disc so there's a notif
ok don't clear that then Catgasm
Wait fuck I wanted a catglub
oh my kazam sub is out that's why
I can actually mod now tho since I got this pc running again on a diff ssd, still gonna have the same longterm issue of windows tho so I will gladly swap whenev ups does their damn job
I'm too lazy to do a full windows reinstall on a new ssd at this point if a new one is coming
Yea don't remove that notif it ruins the point loll
Do not look at the notif
Like comment and subscribe or else goombario is coming for you
his lil' ass can't even reach the doorbell, let alone open the door
what will goombario? Tattle by telling your mom on you?
Say what you will about goombario but he CAN jump
And he is good at headbonking
i heard its just like watching the ads with turbo
i been thinking of getting turbo buts is 13.99
Turbo I doubt splits from ads cause yt premium costs like twice as much
I have Premium and most nights I leave your vods on
I still watch too much twitch it's worth it lol
A youtube family membership lets you have 5 email addresses too
Wait you can family plan the fucking premium on youtube
I needa get on that shit
I've just been watching yt on a tv this month cause I had nothing else to do and I need the ads to burn
I understand why people hate honkai ads now fully
I refuse to go back to YouTube ads
nothing like a 30 minute ad popping up when you're occupied
The wildest youtube ad I ever got was the entire Lego movie as ad for the second movie
"I'll let this ad play out since I'm busy."
" .... this ad's still going- WHY'S THIS THING 30 GODDAMN MINUTES!?!?"
Oh fuck I can snooze ads now
he sleeps better at night with dolly
Oh it tells me ad timer too
i was tired of the ads
My badge says it's my 1st month subbing
I'm like the only one who shows up with it LOL
i gave up 2 of my founder badges
i don't have a single founder badge Sadge
I fully expect people to cancel my subs I haven't been able to stream lol
I'll start again when the next pc comes my wifi adapter too ass for it and I wanna play kof
And I'm too cheap to buy an expensive wifi adapter that'll be good enough
i don't sub to people beside my prime but you get that
its tough to get u gotta be on top of a main partners stream to get a firsty to u a future twitcher.
I forget who my 1sts are lemme see
i have founder badges in like 20 chats
I have no idea where to find it I'm looking LOL
Ok yea you have a founder
one of my founder badges is for someone who current hates my fuckin guts. lol
Pumpkins no longer exist to me I see jack-o and think guiltygear
A redhead ruined pumpkins for Raven
now that you said that its probably on moles
OOOO just in time for the shit hunt OOOO
ruins is atop crystal palace isnt it
'fertilizer in his pants' is a hell of a thing to say knowing damn well what most fertilizer is made of
Do you mean the pink ones????
But if you're THAT shade of pink you should see a doctor
They're pepto bismol color, I can't call that any kind of flesh
I'm going to buff00ns house and forcing him to play kof with me in a couple weeks
assuming I'm not stuck at work the entire you're here, sure
@RuneRavenFP you're not gonna say no to late-night denny's or ihop, right/
I wouldn't be me if I did
Jump On Him Until He's Super Dead
Have you ever played Space Station Silicon Valley?
I love how pretty this game is...I never get over this area of the game
4 cap would have been so disrespectful tho lmao
It sure is a funny seed
It was an experience. Neither pleasant, or enjoyable.
I think this is Bowser's way of apologizing for that last seed
I do but I have major depression so uhhhhhhhhhh
Goomba King looks a little sick
got back in time for the credits phanto274GG
on top of koopa bros fortress behind the bombable rock
oh wait shit I'm pc again I can do this
reminder to edit out the brb for the youtube vod
im good just waiting on one piece episode 1071 to drop. Everyone is really hyping this one up
That one seed has 666 its gotta be good
the letter is about red topics
im waiting on sun burnt laki
is this a soap cake run?
go in the kitchen and call time
Dang, I missed the start of the seed. Stupid power flicked out and hasnt come back onbyet
Been meaning to ask, do you take requests for seeds? Like, all badges run?
is sm64 considered a "new game"
you better start learning, im at 192.5K
don't worry joe i wont denied it NiceSoftlock
i bought my house last spring and almost died mentally
this family of 5 is gonna be really impressed with the gamer room
lmao i call my pc room "the study" now
did the shirt fit okay btw?
dang.. all the good badges are garbage this seed
i need to hop back on that fr
ive been distracted w a million other things
my priority is learning the rest of all masks and wrapping up practice but ive been dicking around on youtube or playing apex LUL
I hope things start getting better for you phanto274Bless
it is indeed, i spent like 11 hours updating the route
the only "bad rng" is twinmold and loms
we used to a while ago
i kinda liked stabbing the hell out of twinmold
the 100% npm run has a really cool twinmold fight, we do some shenanigans' w giants mask so we're in the giants mask state but we're still regular human link and can use c-button items
so we obliterate twinmold with gfs
it is, you dont have the slowed movement speed and weird a big as fuck great fairy sword
I actually love that color for LG
omg using Girlfriend sword with giant's mask is a hilarious thought
I was just told if you hold a direction it cancels mario thumbs up in the over worldd
ch7 jr does it too right?
thanks for this, gonna get a 15 rando PB tomorrow KEKW
i never saw it in glitchless notes IT MUST BE A GLITCH!!
Which chapter is the hardest to play if it's scaled to 7?
Crunchyroll: something went wrong pls try again LUL
too much hype for one piece
This game is so nostalgic for me
I figured I'd come say hello since I'm a friend of OhDee's and was told he did art for you!
You got this, just got to improv
how many points for a lets go run?
Have a great night phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
It's funny to me that the dev reason for not making that an option is "everyone would use it"
I see we got rid of dropping the star points.
It will never be a toggle
They've been very clear about that
they just talked about it being a toggle today
"Everyone would use it" means it should be a feature lol
It's like, the worst imaginable reason lol
Sounds like a good reason to remove the feature if everyone hates it.
yeah turns out when no one wants it they listen
Funny, the reason they gave is the reason they should remove it.
I mean, if I was 1 exp from leveling and ran away from an unwinnable only to lose star points, I'd be tight
Like I said, there are plenty of underrepresented mainline Mario characters modern Paper Mario could use even with the rules in place. Tanabe just chooses not to.
Incentive is almost always better than punishment
Oh, the discussion was in one of the suggestion channels
I stopped reading those at some point
tbf losing hope is totally ok
working instead of playing Pape endlessly smh imagine
oh nice, i was assuming the opposite lol
Not working a shitty job sounds great
Gambling in Vegas is not a "passive source of income"
My ideal setup would be internet+food+phone+rent paid for and that's good enough
dealing with teachers getting back right now has been miserable
@RvPA as a teacher getting back in a couple weeks, hey!
I don't cause anyone issue tho
oh for sure, more so the ones who don't actually need help mixed in with the ones who do has been rough
and we're missing an entire position of instructional technology, so we basically set their tech up and go "good luck!"
I try really hard to be clear "I know what I'm doing, there's an actual specific issue and I don't have the permission to solve it" when I have to talk to IT
I feel like an idiot, but I don't wanna get lumped in
At my last job, after 3 years of planting the seeds, I was finally given admin access. It was great, never needed IT again and they never had to come to my building again
that's nice lol. for us it's pretty easy to tell the difference between people who can/try, and those who just won't
Yeah, I totally understand why it's not a thing almost ever
I reported that the stupid network monitoring thing they had on every campus computer could be used to send commands to other computers on the network
They told me I was wrong, so I shut his computer off while we were on the phone
we get a broad mix of teachers who literally know nothing tech, and teachers who literally need nothing unless it's something they physically can't do
It wasn't our ITs fault, it was the broader IT people, but it was definitely real questionable
@RvPA I imagine this is at least partially separated based on age
for the most part, but it's CRAZY when there's someone in their 20s that are just technologically illiterate, it happens every once in a while lol
tbf there's cows across from where our technology building is
Most of the students I interact with are wildly inept with tech
and yeah i didn't think about them not using keyboards as much
there's also no required typing classes afaik where we are at
yeah it was nice to grow up on both sides of new tech
like from 1st grade-12th grade for me so much changed technology related
"Phantom Begrudgingly Saves The Yoshi Kids"
If it doesn't work, at least it'll be fun
I did online grocery shopping today 
Per usual, I'm left to fend for myself against a buncha bloody vultures (read, customers)
Where I work, we lost two senior accountants in one month.
There were only two senior accounts.
Yeah, my company is a shitshow with the Accounting Department. A lot of turnover.
I'm in Accounts Payable and that seems to be the most stable of the Accounting areas.
Ma, MA! THIS FISH'S BLOODY FLYIN' MA
i did a race today, been awhile since I did one of those
I last locationed diamond stone on yoshi
i literally did goomba king and super blooper first lol
first chapter I couldve clear was toy box scaled to 7 like 35 minutes in, I didnt have a single level yet lol
oh and lantern had progressive boots
I set a new record tonight, 49 dmg to hallway LUL
i had bow out and she coulddnt kill him phanto274Cry
hope the seeds goin well PrideLove
we askin people in pape towns for their help in getting through doors? KEKW
Assisting in a break and enter 
is it really a b'n'e if its the bumpty's warehouse in the first place 
I'm not here for logic 
this reminds me about entering snowhead temple on remote hookshot (basically, you get rid of links hurtbox interacting with things to get places, but your only movement is swingin weapons) PrideLaugh
or flipping stone tower temple via the same methods
Really determined to avoid saving the Yoshi kids aren't you 
I mean hear me out: doing things normal ways v doing things fun ways
I'd take the obscure, fun ways KEKW
I'm finally getting caught up on the Book of Mario on youtube, it's something
poorly translated mods are a vibe PrideLaugh
ngl, coming from MMR shenaniganry with glitches - I can 100% see what you mean with what you were referencing
that being said, if its not a static thing you can have 100% of the time in a room, I feeeeeeeel likeit would be more of a "fun" thing to do PrideLaugh
I dunno, I like them fire pokeys yo got going there
no logic side would benifit from such thoughts KEKW
Well gotta go good luck with rest of run
I mean yea but also anything you can do to unbork the no logic bork afaik = good PrideLaugh
anything with a fixed path through keys if I getcha right
Yo, Phantom. How's the rando seed?
I don't even know why you skipped her.
I thought about something. Is it possible to randomize Yackey?
oh is that the talkin key?
It'd make the Tubba keys irrelevant. LUL
so hear me out stoopid thought
Imagine having Kooper locked behind 3 Tubba Keys.
specific case of dungeon ER, where the ch3 end / beginning (so windmill basement, tubba castle) switch places
and you'd need the key to open the castle for items
Yeah. They could still be used for checks.
like - if one could link the windmill to the dungeon ER list, I could see the key thingy to be not the worst to be shuffleable
it was fun. of course i got brutally punished for not saving yoshis
sounds just like the one I was doing tonight phanto274Thonk
how someone I know would say: its never the yoshis - until it is
watch'em be laki and we all giggle KEKW
did you see we getting exp toggle on next update?
for the run away drops or?
i really want to roll a rando seed but i have to wait ugh
@blacktiger51 I mean you could play a different rando KEKW
assuming its MMOoTR, things gonna be on a quick dial between "works / broken" rn PrideLaugh
@Jonxhas no I'm getting a mayflash gamecube adapter soon have to wait until i get it
levias reaction seeing ultra stone in haven was funny
@Jonxhas good controller here i come
@blacktiger51 me over here sittin there in the corner of no notches XBOne controller sadness PepeHands
like - not a bad controller
but a) these days dependingon what I wanna do its missing the gyro
and b) for anything which was designed for less new controllers, like... man would notches help KEKW
@Jonxhas you know a mayflash gamecube adapter is not that much but the controller is a little pricy i had a controller in my living room so i stole it
I got good at holding the stick notchless in the 8 important directions PrideLaugh
but also... MAN the pain to get there
and if you got games like MM or OoT which have crit wiggle to disable your ability to walk straight BY GAME FUCKY WUCKIES
if you want like a 46 angle or some shit
anything between the respective 45 to 90 bits (ik input wouldnt look at it like that but bleh)
you just sit there and cry KEKW
similarily to crit wiggle if you want to backwalk and the game says "LUL NOPE"
How's the seed going so far?
? I'll try to remember to watch the early part of the vod
Oh no lol hopefully it's chill
I stupidly tried to bike up a steep hill and an hour later breathing is hard still.
It's my teenage boys bike. He's 6 inches taller than me, so it's not easy to ride. But actually going was relatively fun until the last part of the ride home
What is this?! I'm surprised you're still pushing through
I fell on Kooper in Buzzar Room.
I thiiiiink the game said naaah to charging KEKW
as much as it would be cool if you'd have been able to
20+ damage, if ONLY power bounce
@Jonxhas btw MW seeds will gen now if u want to try to get 1 started and some point
come to think - I might be stoopid, but did TTYD still allow you to overcharge like that?
@blacktiger51 given the rapid fire of things goin now with checks - yea I think imma wait
TTYD danger mario = get coins, eat power rushes for brekky
plus your power bounce there is way less "what okay game decides nah" to PM64
@Jonxhas haha don't blame you nax been doing a lot lately
@blacktiger51 yea honestly - the only reason I rn dont want to gen a multi since if we'd not IMMEDIATELY patch and play, an update might just bork the patch files
@Jonxhas nah far as i know a update wont break a patch file patch file use whatever update it was gen on
@blacktiger51 there were announcements not even 3 days ago about that
in the sense that at least the multi client thingy didnt work with certain updates
@Jonxhas that was the MW client
sooo while we might be able to gen the seeds? yea I aint rushing after that sort of rapid fire rn, I can wait til its less "changes by the hour"
as much as I get the excitement
rushing after bleeding edge experiences like that aint my vibe feineCozy
@Jonxhas I wouldn't mind waiting until we get grottos randomized to play a seed so we can add that
tldr phantom: you have heard about the potential crazyness MMR / OoTR can bring in check totals?
if not: depending on how much you love doing more things, MMR can scale past 1k things shuffled, and OoTR on certain forks can go past the 2k mark
and MMOoTR rn is getting loads of that
plus multiworld plus fixes plus this and that
lots and lots of money related rather then key item related
yeah pots are a big part of it right now
its not too bad all in all in MMR
dont know how OoTR does it, MMR also only goes after the statics
and obviously no clue how MMOoTR handles it (yet) thuogh assuming going after the base of both so statics most likely
because like - if say a health / rupee switching pot were shuffled, how handle that. you wanna just drop both or like what
@Jonxhas nax made every pot randomized but when you reload the pots have the vanilla stuff
@blacktiger51 I dont know if I would like that to be honest yea - depends long run, but like... there's a reason OoTR / MMR went "only" after the static ones
because the non static ones have rng to their item in vanilla
so would they turn into the respective multitude of "each RNG drop = own unique item"?
at least that's how it sounds like it could go
@Jonxhas nah 1 item then it go back to vanilla
@blacktiger51 phanto274Shrug yea I dunno - kinda dont wanna become a lawn mower on hyrule field with strength to be honest
dont get me wrong, exciting that it can be done
@Jonxhas hey that could happened very easily
but also like... sounds going past "above and beyond"
@blacktiger51 why you think I mentioned that specific scenario KEKW
the thing with coin bushes is that at least they are still static
i just like the normal allsanity checks
in OoT / MM, imagine termina / hyrule field with their like what, 5 to 8 to more bush circles
and if you gotta run after every single one of them for a potential item
where vanilla = they are random refills
so not even a static drop from any single one of them
and in OoT, you cant simply cut grass by rolling through it like you can in MM making it worse in the feels if your only access is strength
meaning 1 by one pick up -> throw
again, as much as I get the excitement behind being able to do it
sounds like its a bit further then what I'd enjoy KEKW
@Jonxhas what make it even worst is child and adult have different bushes to cut in hyrule field  phanto274Smile
@blacktiger51 yea no you lost me KEKW
I aint dealing with that shit just because the game has 2 different sets of maps and in rando you could respect that
I stay with my silly simple static grass in MMR KEKW
where the only changes are like 30 things across the entire world due to pre / post dungeon clear
like - it sounds like as if say in dark souls you'd be able to AND did decide on shuffling the NPC sidequest items / rewards
which depending on then rando, you could just straight up be locked out of certain questlines
@Jonxhas just wait until nax get his hands on coding grass sanity for mm side you know what he gonna do
and given that those are ALREADY a pain to track in vanilla? yea I aint trying to track that in a rando KEKW
@blacktiger51 I know what I wont turn on then unless I can specifically deselect the non static grass of each side
and respectively every other non static for that matter
@Jonxhas oh you can junk them that all
I dont want to shuffle non static
aka I would then like an item selector option for what is / isnt shuffled
as like an "advanced" version of the item settings post the main ones
cus ngl, to me rolling through termina field for 20 minutes because no sword just to get every item and then getting trolled by takkuri doesnt sound fun
not to mention if I have to do them anyway to get my rng refills for preparing dungeons back?
yeah rolling into every bush yay
cus I HAVE HAD MMR seeds where I cleared Termina Field of bushes and had not a single bomb drop
@Jonxhas yeah have a item then go back to vanilla
but... either a) the pots grass crates whichever else gets added get a "static only / all" option
@Jonxhas yeah its cool and everything but there a couple things that we need and still waiting for them
or b) an advanced view on which I can deselect the non static sets of that
like - MMR in glitch logic as an example, the peeps I play with agreed upon having a slight bump in stick / nut drops in grass rng drops
because sword could be a long one to find and if you only ever get 1 stick to do shit with, where to use it and such
cus you 100% could have swordless seeds in glitch logic
@Jonxhas farming for sticks and nuts sucks in mmr
@blacktiger51 it doesnt if you add a small chance for it to appear on any rng drop grass
you just get sticks and nuts
and if vanilla layout, only nuts would be harsh, sticks are not too bad
@Jonxhas now only if combo get that
just throw bushes at the dekubabas in MM's grottos PrideLaugh
and where realistically do you need to fight that much that you need 10 sticks
@Jonxhas yeah that what i do
so like... you stock up to like 4 or so
and you are mostly good to go
and if you need more, 2 per visit is really not too bad
sorry btw for me bein so blabbermouthy rn on the MMOoTR juzLove
just curious cus I mean I sort of know my ways through the mushroom kingdom but not more then roughly PrideLaugh
and your map tracker has helped a TON on not gettin lost when I played PM64R
lets hope so, that was rough
so i beat dark souls 3 the other night
i struggled on like 4 bosses lol. dancer, nameless, demon prince, midir, and gael
all the others, i beat in 1-3 tries
damn this might be the 1st time i have to go to sleep before you finish a seed
im getting off in like a hour
and now i'm on sekiro with a full metal gear rising mod
@blacktiger51 imagine having this level of self control
i have to 2 more days of classes then I'm done and can stay up
I wonder if my copypasta is too long
I didnt see it show up on the on stream chat
ch5 being included is brutal, LCL and still have to save the kids maybe
Did you get a haircut? Or just pulled back?
The boys enjoying some relaxing beach time
This seems like a low experience seed. Especially with LP skip
Hey Phantom, how are you doing?
Yea, I figured I'd stop by and check in. I really hope you're doing okay orange188Love
I'd be so down! We got a lot of stuff here at my place, so you're more than welcome to stop by and say hi!
Sounds good, well if you ever wanna come over use the pool or play games or whatever, we likely have it LMAO
Oh wait that means you're going to Twitch Con! Maybe??
bloody coworkers are holding me back, stg
what is that lack of damage
Bowser's gonna be painful, isn't he?
I'm so glad the Happy emote gets in the fuckin twitch prompt it gave me
Well fuck you it's the 10th now
Not having a good time tn
My WW 2:25 was a derust run anything can happen
Ready for this to be a pacer and then vaati happens
That fight weighed this game down so much for me replaying it LOL
I saw orange tweet about ihop pancake tacos earlier
It intrigues me I kinda wanna try it
I mean EVERYONE said that last cb about the sugar coma pancake but then everyone got one
Dropping a lurk while run out to see what gamecube games are left. Im sure you saw the pic I shared.
i ordered my gamecube adapter today when i got up and amazon is telling me its coming today
PartyHat Happy Affiliate Anniversary! To another year of prologue!
nice i got pizza hut what did u get?
I figured it would be better to let you choose which one to do.
Thursdays are my co-op day so Asper and I were playing 7 Days to Die
it really was, we got overwhelmed a bit at the end LUL
my cat is insisting she will perish if not fed RIGHT THIS SECOND, so I will be lurking awhile. good luck with the run :D
Im not sure if what happened is really stream appropriate lol
PartyHat What is affiliate anniversary and why does twitch want me to celebrate it?
Ah yeah, there's a little hat next to your channel name
I remember one of the last times you PB'd this game, you were getting mad at Vaati. Although, that's probably more a normal thing anyways.
Vaati was not behaving and you wanted to boot him.
damn pj64 doesn't like my gamecube controller
PartyHat Happy Affiliate Anniversary! Love my mc GLEpic5800
Is PJ64 a nintendo game where you have to collect pajamas?
I love these soldiers so much
fucking finally got it to work
how do u hate it when u did it so fine?
marcoWin marcoWin_HF popesPOGGERS_HF avarie1GG phanto274GG majinPOGGERS popesPOGGERS
I'm on break in my car and fighting the urge to go pet someone's dog
I have a GB Player disc. Morph said I should sell it
problem is I don't have the case
my boss decided to give me a heart attack this morning
chat was fine, video was buffering like mad
but yeah had a zoom session right when i clocked in this morning. asked if everything was okay (since i seldom get instant meetings) and he went NO
and followed up with "everything's great!"
so i'm on chat team, and for "legal reasons" nissan is shutting down the chat for around a week but they don't want to let us go during that time so we're gonna have exercises and practice and stuff to do in the meantime
we don't know when it's being shut down for a bit but my job is fine
i don't think this is the first time this has happened
but hey if i can avoid dealing with idiots i'm happy lmao
it'll be great for my blood pressure lmao
I listen to a lot of your paper mario vods on youtube, you have a great voice, I hope you have a nice day!
ive been at stayaway camps for the past 3 weeks
1st week i was in jersey
and thats about the worst of it
Good luck on your rando Phantom str9ngHappy str9ngLove
I just got back from the bar. I left around the time you said "Fuck you Vaati 2, I hate this fight."
It was after you said you need to learn Darknut Manip.
You seemed close to getting a PB, which isn't bad for not having played in a month. You should feel good about that at least.
Also doing the above in one shot without resetting.
RNG at the end of a run sucks. Imagine having Dampe OoT at the end of a run.
You might like aLttP, seems the main RNG problem is Agahnim 1 which is towards the beginning of the run.
I mean a lot of people run aLttP already so I don't know if that would dampen prospects.
I guess I gave you a good excuse to take a Pape break.
Ah, I have that. What is the good one to use.
this 1 is really not that bad
most of the input lag is gone
I was thinking of trying DK64, OoT, and Pape Randos.
@pethanct01 dk 64 you kind of have to use pj 64
@pethanct01 also you have to set the emulator up the right way for dk64 rando
I am thinking of just doing the randos casually rather than racing. Seems like most of the streamers that I watch doing randos seem to not enjoy them that much
@blacktiger51 I'll have to play around with it then
@pethanct01 pape and oot just work easy
Pape and OoT are the main ones I would want to do since I know those games pretty well.
And I've seen Phantom tortue himself enough with race seeds to know where everything is.
I'm hoping sword is vanilla then.
It'd be like Blue Key required Pape Seed.
Well, if you die to Vaati wiht 19 hearts, I think we reserve the right to disown you.
why cant we get that in a speed run
i do not know why it prompted me to do that but how could i refuse woweeQ
so is this 'kill all non-respawned foes'?
oh - you just renamed it - got it
bruh i was about to say wtf this game is older than me
but i've been 23 for a month OMEGALUL
phanto274D  my childhood game is 23 god i am old
Gl man good to see a run live agian
Do you hear it in your sleep?
Ooooo I was thinking about it the other day, but do you think you will do another glundo?
Axl could do it too LUL
i could even redeem it twice
It sounds like a pain in the ass
make him do it 3 times EZ
i can redeem it 4 times
im about to hit zero again
axl is about to drop 200k right
predictions would make it go faster
other day I was in a stream, I dropped 50K and walked away with 120K lol
i think you are the only streamer i have 100k plus for
i had a lot in pope stream but i use them
I have over 180K for komari, and I just spent 40K
I'm getting close to 100k in morp stream
Did you see the teaser for the Ninja Turtles Ronin game? Nickelodeon is doing so much with the brand now, its nice to see it back.
pape is the same age as me monkeyPls
So what is this category?  We killing sans?
Basically its in the future where only 1 turtle is left and he's out to get revenge for his brothers. Ive seen some of the comics and he uses all the weapons which is a cool twist. Very dark and edgey like the OG comics. Im expecting a God of War type genre.
Answering the quiz wrong in bowsers castle and fighting the 3 anti guys HypeFire DarkMode
TIL pape launched on the 27th anniversary of hip-hop
Ive seen merch of ronin so it has been aroundd
I was joking.  We actually do that?
Kinda wild how it was cool in 1987 and its still cool in 2023 LUL
yeah, apparently a particular block party in the Bronx headed by DJ Kool Herc on 11 August 1973 is cited as when the culture began, something about keeping the breakbeats going with two turntables and a 
I heard this sort of stuff on NPR, which has been briefly covering the history of hip-hop this week.
The most joy I've ever seen about the Goomba
doing the blitz settings has reminded me how bad my summit movement is
the very first speedrun of pape I ever saw did eldstar KEKW
that run was by ouro actually
when is preds in all bosses?
first fan games, now fan art, what will pokemon company target next?
so it means people cant sell fan art?
It makes all the NSFW fan art cannon then.
what about all the pokemon Doujinshi!?
surely pokemon emotes in brazil are safe COPIUM
biggyswGengarhi biggyswLapras reflex130RXblush justjsLove justjsHuh justjsCry
All the pokemon fanfiction HypeFire HypeKO
That stream last night was the funniest thing I've seen in a while.
even if capcom pulled a card like this for megaman my emotes arent obviously megaman
Can't wait for the Sans fight... Wait this isn't Undertale
That Pokmon licencing shit is so dumb
say no more. i got you phantom. brb
haggBlazed haggYep haggNice haggPray haggYay haggSip haggThicc
nvm.. twitch wont let me do it...
Battle network is the superior series though
get notes in the whole community KEKW
I'm apparently one of the few who like the star force games too.
Speedy spin rng after this right?
Do you have a schedule for starting ttyd64?
I wanna play it blind but watch your streams too so that works for me
just got a Steam key for the Crowsworn demo
i've never used that one before.. wanted to see how it looked
wonder how they came up with the idea to reset stick positions
No more toads? have you seen modern paper mario?
It would prob be a good idea to replace my emotes too since I dont do BN anymore. I have no idea what I would go with tho
without putting much thought into I could do a bunch of emotes based on Hikari
My bad rng is working :p
are the youtube claims fixed now?
you shall be my second monitor while i bg3
went to eldexter's twitter to see if there were any updates... his birthday is the day after mine lol
at least you arent dropping exp KEKW
I feel like im the only one that when I saw raikou new form I instantly thought of Tallneck from Horizon Zero Dawn
i only played like 8 hours
its great but wanted to play other stuff
I enjoyed watching someone else play HZD
i played it for like 4 hours
Because I knew I'd be like you, play for a bit then just... stop
like I started playing horizon, then started playing Persona 5... boy was that a mistake LUL
I literally played nothing else until I finished persona
persona 5 was the better game by far
botw, hzd, and p5 were all nominated for game of the year that year.
I watched a lot of P5 vanilla speedruns so kinda have a bias for that version.
I played royal to the fight with sae, just kinda forgot to return to it
when Joker was announced for Smash I was wanting a Casino stage. Its the first thing you see so not "really" a spoiler, and would make a good cross over stage for sonic with Casino Nights Zone. But DLC has to keep the same age rating as the base game and dont know if a casino stage would fall under that.
i got the platinum trophy for p5 royal
ive only gotten one platinum ever
and its my imported copy of puyo puyo tetris lol
I cant ever read the trophy cause its in japanese
i never beat 1 or 2
man id love to go back and replay the first 2 infamous games. At least I say that now
I dont remember them that well but I freaking loved them
i wanted the platinum for tales of graces f so bad was so close but never got it
A skip for toad skip you say
I really dont see the point to VR sports games, at that point you might as well go outside
I just now saw a first person tennis game is coming to PSVR2 in October
I like the part where Mario goes X_X and peach is all U_U and bowser is all ^_^
I need to see what other support this headset gets, I really do want to try it tho... just not 500 bucks want to try it
ive heard the headset can go over glasses at least
ive tried the oculus at my brother and i didnt have any issues with it. My eye sight isnt perfect but its close. I only struggle to read road signs in the distance.
Then you're nearsighted whereas phantom is farsighted
I need to wear my glasses for fire emblem 3 houses too that font is too damn small
i have awful vison and motion sickness but yet the oculus never made me sick
i use mines to workout or look at medical journals and its such a gamechanger
funny how i mentioned tennis VR and now everyone is talking about their eye sight lol
@Laichan I'm having a hard time not being a smart ass about "mines"
i have the rona any kind of grammar or spellin aint happenin
I'm trying to be less evil. Feel better, btw.
If nintendo ever did dip into VR id like to see Sin and Punishment
its just the headache is god awful, my cough and fever are gone
What's that new variant called that's all the rage? Eris?
Dip into VR, besides the hugely popular Virtual Boy of course
what is genocide speedrun? kill everything?
Yoo Phantom phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove good luck in your run! Hope the day has been treating you good
The Last Ronin game being made by the same dev that did Bubsy: The Woolies Strike Back phanto274Facepalm
I had a hard day too, kind of a game changer in a way. What got you?
Everyone needs a clean colon, even houses.
That sounds frustrating. It happens though. You still working at da' station?
Was it an unexpected expense or did you know about it ahead of time?
That's weird.  Usually the buyer pays for the inspection
The roommates didn't contribute or is this after the fact?
How's the housing market in WA.
It's a hot market on the West then.
Well thats not too bad, keep costs down with alot of people
Unless it's rent, then they slowly drain you.
Have you been there at least two years so that you don't have to worry about capital gains tax on the sale?
The big question to me is healthcare insurance. Had my appendix rupture and almost kill me. Would have costed me $30,000 had I not had health insurance.
Everybody thinks their healthy and invincible until they're not.
except me whos sitting here with covid for the 4th time lmao
Still got gauged anyways. Deductible was $3,000
@Laichan 4th time? That's some luck.
i have all 4 of my shots too
i just have like no immune system
It certainly is one. A four letter word.
guy playing rando starts with 15HP 15FP 21BP and is surprised he gets no exp from fighting goombas LUL
Yeah, that's frustrating, but it probably would be worse if you didn't have the vaccines.
oh absolutely, the only reason im sick currently is bc my cousin doesnt believe in modern medicine and let me around her sick kids
@Laichan There are many responses I have for this, none of them positive.
@pethanct01 i 100% prob have the same responses tbh
That got the prompt, I don't love you.
That's a bit much for me.
Hello gl how is speedruning going
Phantom has long ago stopped acknowledging the bot's insanity.
Sorry, I was trying to see if it would say something different.
So something I will give you credit for over other streamers is that you usually finish a run each night. I like Axel Larson, but watching the first 15 minutes of the game can be very uninteresting.
Blooper has a strong will to live
is this a new path? Don't remember land sushi going into forbidden forest. or I'm just forgetful
It always blows my mind how people find skips like this in a game
@shebbyxoxo completely agree, glitches are just so intriguing how people come to discover them
Its weird to see an ad for tiktok of all things
may i ask what you are doing here? lilaggThink
I mean not really @shebbyxoxo real life is exactly the same. Take gunpowder im going to mix some random things together to make boom
What about a failed seed dupe?
I'm trying my damndest to find the schedule for 2dcon to see if smash is at a feasible time and the smashers just haven't posted a bracket or schedule
Cause nobody fucking goes and I made 400 bucks last year so I may as well if it's there
Best part of the run right here.
Hoping I actually get the time off for this shit tho tomorrow
Jibca wants to hotel it so he can drink at the bar all weekend lol
Doing that with the dark screen seems annoying
Now, you'll have to get that skip first try in every run in the future.
it would be interesting if pape had death warps
gen 3 pokemon used to deathwarp to 2nd gym
imagine if pokemon had a gameover screen
pkmn describes you losing your memory or running to safety
i forgot that fight was in this game
If that whale ate all those boxes, I wonder how much plastic it has in its stomach.
so if you take the whale does it revert to ch 5 state?
I had meant item duping before, btw. Not seed duping.
I saw a run die to item duping.
Hmm.... beating Gulpins with Laki and no hammer. I wonder what that fight looked like.
someone ports nes ducktales to snes
i feel theres not enough of a reason for me to get a snes everdrive
I keep forgetting you did BullShit Zelda.
metroid, zelda, and megaman just didnt capture me on snes.
you burned your butt a bit
Can't have a pape run without Punies.
How's the category feeling fellow Team Twink member?
Is the fast way to jump directly to the KSJ from the lower seam?
I didn't realize it would save that much tbh
are you using a new route?
Ohh genocide as in all bosses
I think genocide would be you having to kill enemy you see in the world
Huh, I was not touching that when I was learning 
How fast could every enemy in the overworld be killed
To get up to that sort of level youd probably have to kill a lot of them anyhow
I guess yeah if were talking every square of the desert though
You gotta do something to make it work
Maybe someone could make a version of the game where everything just dies
i feel like doing no hammer/boots this weekend, its been a while
I'll stay for a short rando.
saving my GG for hands up KEKW
oh yeah this is not rando
You got Vatti'd on the Anti Guys.
Did I miss the Rawk Hawk fight? Kappa
@toondaunte The randos that are the most fun involve the Blue Key.
You could do a ! for it.
Oh thats neat so whole chapters are out of logic?
And no items in them either?
They may have good badges though
But Sushi squirts and that is important.
OH yeah, and Phantom does this thing where he pretends to hate Goombario
i almost never see goombario used
but he had some good shit
and you got your money back
Tubba Keys are the problem anyways.
Come on vanilla third tubba key.
maybe 3rd key is also here
I'll have to settle for hoping that Portrait is on Lantern Ghost
It's 3 star points per level and that had 10 so I think 4
Useless badge ideas vol 1: BP Plus. Cost: 3 BP. Gives you 3 extra BP.
The seed also gave you 5 so far
Oh, i remember now. the panelin the windmill
Just do it. What does time matter.
if you take your time i can redeem luigi tonight LUL
thank god is no oob, its not interesting to watch
i mean sure its cool the first time
damn too bad i cant just give axl some points
then ill be back at zero lol
Set up a gamba that I can lose
But then again, someone could do something.... naughty
a little too late for that phanto274Shrug
SIX AND A HALF HOURS LATER
Okay, if you're going to be blowing all your points on being first, then I am not going to donate.
i was trying to redeem it at the start but it said no and i forgot
Yo, I was lurking earlier, how'd that run end up?
He got the Laki skip in ruins and saved himself an hour.
do you really want to run it again?
@Risch nothing much, just putting a bookshelf together lol
so tonight was our cpu league for super smash bros, and it was surprisingly crazy
and watt is chilling in pit
Random question, is there a cap on mashing in this game? Like, can you mash too fast that some inputs don't get registered?
so we have 8 teams of 10, and each night has about 40 fights, and they can vary in time, making streams for it go about 3-4 hours
I see, I need to get my average up about 3 Hz then
I don't think I messed with Hurricanes when I played casual
move doesn't do damage nah bad move
power shock as a kid nah
imagine wanting exp... cant be us phanto274D
damn only if you cheated you would be almost in ch8 by now
phanto274Shrug  bowser is just a dick
hey r u telling me you wish that wasn't up there?
why was the koopa removed from the cannon fight here?
I think that was the only fight to get 7 enemies
I assume there is a limit to how many spineys lakitu can spawn, same with jungle shy guy and fuzzy
due to the 1.5 exp that fight gave an extra 28 exp
other thing about these settings is we are limited to only 2 star storms
i ate too much pizza, phantom tghSad
there never eating too much pizza
there is when i am on the verge of nausea lol
i can tell if i ate more it wouldn't stay lol.
but it was tasty, and i have 3 slices for tomorrow
but you said no cheating except for pulse stone LUL
So I tried one of the new flavors
"use my power" i would IF I FOUND YOU
this could of been a new pb
There's NY Cheesecake, Mississippi Mudpie, and St Louis Gooey Cake
Those are the 3 new cold brew flavors
We're 21 hours into the challenge run, and we're about to fight the final story boss
Final story boss is going to be a pain in the dick
Dragon warrior LOVES to give late game bosses a skill called "Icy Wave"
11 is on ps4 switch and pc
Which removes all positive buffs on your entire party
ive only played dragon quest builders, not quite the same
oh and xbox i guess but who play jrpgs on xbox
i really need to replay 8
@Iceblue then you buff back up and then the boss like icy wave go
Where was Watt, I wasn't paying attention because I was clipping that Lantern Ghost video.
Did you go back for fire sheild?
And my challenge run prevents me from using items in battle, so sages stones in dw3 are useless
Sounds like it's your fight ot lose.
@Iceblue lol i been there lots i hate the end game bosses for dq
Did they put the click off option for the star point loss yet or are you still cheating it?
Yo whats up, how you doing today phantom?
Show me a lot of stuff
Yo Phantom, gg on the PB yesterday!
But you started with boots and hammer
How many checks do you have in total?
just got here whats going on
Brown blocks should be randomized too
Guessing this is lvl 7 scaled
holy thats a lot of settings turned on
What if you max all settings?
This is probably the funniest Pape animation I've ever seen lol
this is buff00n, I'm bumming my mate's PC
Oh im guessing the panels arent randod?
Give a coin to your witcher.wait
time for mario to swim into chapter 4
Goombario is feeling greyt about it
Me just realizing this is a WeLoveGoombario seed
pit might be req rn monkaW
we're only 20 minutes in we can reroll
this is the goombario content nobody craved
GoombarioLookingOutHisJailCell If he can't be in jail I'll take that lol
bot said they were afraid of penguins so i went them a penguin
oh store room was in logic after all
looks like i have a job interview this week monkaW
my issue is I'm shy and don't like talking to people idk
I can be socially enough but man talking is too much at times
i never went to collage is my options are kind of limited
Well soon you won't have to anymore :)
Yeah I know how you feel Tiger
Haven't been here the whole time, how far did you do the dojo
Are there panels in 1 dungeon?
Can you go from boos mansion to desert and glitxh through the gate?
Did you check all the trees everywhere?
I can check you the log if you feel like it
see what happened is goombario's mere presence has deleted needed items from the seed
want to send me the log?
I feel like you missed a bush or tree
i was just gonna check if it was broken
Are there more items in the shop at the center?
Did you checked the bush outside mansion?
Did you do blocks past ch3 pipe?
did you hit the tree beside merlon house?
Just saw you in that room and remembered
working on it. takes forever though
I guess i named the file appropiately
my seed has sick laki. neat :P
good thing you didn't skip that
i'll offer you 18 dollars and a bag of nacho fries for that crt
oh shit phantom that a pretty good offer
dawg if i had 5k just lying around my apartment
i have a swiss bank account
i see this seed started with trash
guessing you still have to buy the stuff from the shop
alright guess i'm eating these nacho fries
that trinitron i got from best buy before i quit
i could probably sell it for a pretty penny
like just looking at ebay of all places
is going for like 750 dollars lol
is it one of those brown boxxed ones?
someone recycled a 27' like that, and i wanted to take it
i struggled to get this 24" i got into my apartment LUL
i hate driving a U-Haul trailer. they suck.
she cooked up some nice dirt
forgot, i'm not at home Kappa
it's the secret that nintendo didn't want released
and he's selling it to the general public
it's fuzzy, and used to be on channel like 52
did i say 212? i meant 342
hey spike can you throw that at goombario next
she gave you kolorado's crusty old balls
or she borrowed koopa koot's NUT
what am i beating it with
the fucking game over theme on opening a big chest
took me like 30 minutes cause my controller didn't wanna cooperate
probably just a normal enemy ice
They're grouped by location and it should be with the other sewers ones
At least it's not Joey Jo Jo Jr Shabadoo
Hiya Phantom phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove how's the rando so far?
imma make a tutorial where it's just input display, but no game feed
I hate when Mega Quake is expensive phanto274Cry
that's like such a specific thing
smh my head i can't believe you got rewarded for CHEATING
Poor Laki. Goombario mister206Gombidious killed him yet again and possessed him Sadge
The games like you like ch 7? lol
My guess is that the Dark Lord was forced upon you?
It just seems like I know when we find him even I am not lurking
lmfao 1:21, and STILL NO PARTNER
Could be all 6 partners lol
surely will be something useful YEP
you should of left him that coin as a tip
hey phantom, you want a volt shroom or nah
i feel like he gave you the buzzer in the hand
Missed a sphere 0 check oof
oh you have rando dungeons, nice
Its almost like chapter 7 is calling to you Kappa
Do you have traps on this? I dislike traps
I tried to start watching earlier, but the data where I was didn't exist
One day we'll figure out what the tempo for the record is supposed to be
What is a red jar going to do for you?
The eternal truth of toy box.. always loaded unless in the end of a seed
HP drain > mega rush confirmed Kappa
No one ever said that the hood wasnt rough in the toybox Kappa
Oh, nice. A Koopa Koot Rando
The fact we see blue key means that violet key is not in this seed but red key
So this is a good seed to watch then.
Ill hope two things: No DNF and Blue Key Required.
now a first strike kills you, beware
didn't know any cake worked on him
should let gless clip out with parakarry to skip him. it's even slower to do that iirc
@iceblue even the legendary soap cake does LUL
S O A P C A K E
S O A P C A K E
It does make sense that toybox would hide everything since it is a box after all
rip blue key, it never scored
The curse of the violet key stories again
every seed that gives me blue key early terrifies me tbh
I mean blue key terrified those who dont have the heart to dip 7 early
avoiding shiver mountain like the plague is the only sane choice
bad i see with goombario on the team
So. We are going for mailman% and then gg seed?
I hate these stupid foot creatures
Reminds me of Eustass Bagg's foot fungus
I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear that
Just use Goombario text storage and then Laki clip?
Seems like a clippy corner more than anything, no enemies though
Any chance the weird HS thing would work? (I don't think that's been patched yet)
Me and autocorrect, name a better duo Madge
I swear at this point seeds just say No badge for you
sounds like some good stuff :tf:
Man I swear my delay on my new phone is less than I have on PC
I'm getting ducked in kof again Sadge
Parakarry is just scared of big yoshi
I think that's just a calculator.
Mario really tried to shatter that vase
I don't think I understand what this is.
I thought it was a Paper Mario hack that was made into TTYD.
In other words, a revamped battle system that mimicks TTYD's, I understand now.
Im shook how much that one guy wanted to list it for
At least its nice to have on the bag if its actually worth that much
Wait, dungeon shuffle means you start the chase and have to go to gulch afterwards to beat the heart?
That feels bad, although I dont know how else to handle it
The other option is to make almost the entirety of Gulch part of the dungeon
Hmm the way you did it sounds like the way Minish cap did it too, right?
That does make a bit more sense to me, way less backtracking but still some variety and differing requirement
Part of me wants to learn how to do the spin before jumping here but also Im too afraid of that YEP
I swear Rowf never has anything good on a consistent basis
Ive never seen an item bounce that far that was amazing
How are badges looking this seed?
Here, a coin for your troubles
how did you remove ethe cake from your tracker?
Yes, surely Rowf will actually have something useful SURELY
removed the cake but not goombario phanto274Facepalm
Time to go visit shiver city
I mean. If we could just slot in goombario for the pyramid stone then it would make sense
Just make it a setting and there we go
good luck getting at the dev team to agree to that
how long did it take for star points?
I love that the reason they didn't want to put a on/off switch for it is also the reason they should do it.
did I read that wrong or did someone actually say you could sell a CRT for $5K?
oh cool we have a time table now. F3 is tomorrow at 2PM EST, lasts 45 minutes, then TTYD64 will be dropped.
wonder what else will be announced
How much do they do at 2?
btw i think it's great, i now have an emote to denote what i'm having for dinner
Chomps makes a little sense, but the problem is that they are more of a mini boss fight so they don't exactly make sense to be put in regular battles like that consider the damage they do.
Imagine running against a first try of this trick.
lol If I didnt redeem first last night. Im right at 199,900 KEKW
Pog axl almost at 200k i am ready to declined it Kappa
Could you have done that w/o the maple or would you have been one charge short?
Oh I come back when you done
quick beat the seed before axl get to 200k
"weww done, luigi my boy! this time i have a speciaw bit of infowmation fow you! you've seen some smaww ghosts othew than the boos, haven't you? weww, i'm pwetty suwe they'we ghosts fweed fwom the paintings of the ghost awtist, van gowe. I had a passew of twoubwe the fiwst time i captuwed him... I know that awtists stwive to give wife to theiw canvasses, but this guy bwought ghosts to wife evewy time he picked up a bwush!"
shit don't worry phantom  i will hit declined Kappa
is it really a GG if you got goombario
Star Rod is like "Whats a bit rate?" lol
I didn't know that was coming out so soon. That's cool
i wanted to puke looking at it
I've been avoiding it until you played it
yeah the aspect ration was changed
woah what the heck was that intro! Pog
Oh baby. Change that asspect ratio.
it feels like the aspect ratio was changed but nothing in the game itself like backgrounds was changed to account for that
after trying some settings, i understand why you dont to hammerless, letters, or koot LUL
and letters is also like "oh i got parakarry super late... time to backtrack a bunch"
BTW I just remembered they made Hammerless Goomba start a thing now so one of my cheat codes can be irrelevant now lol
i feel like even koot and dojo are easier to work around
Dojo is so much fun though.
I just like having to work around it depending on what you've found.
Was that your "don't drop Star Points" cheat?
Does the glitch logic include seed dupe?
but the badge that does exactly that phantom! Kappa
One of my college classes got canceled
The shop is screaming "dojo" to me.
Eating Super Shrooms in Toad Town
Should I just not worry abt the canceled class or should I get it replaced
BTW the way I enabled seed dupe only makes it possible for the blue seed in particular so basically completely irrelevant unless item placement is vanilla
I mean I could do more but that's just the way I have it atm
Have you seen the blitz settings  "build" ideas in the paper mario discord in suggestion ?
The way the game prevents you from duping is by checking if you ever picked up a given item before. (A bunch of new flags added for rando, same flags used for the in-game tracker). My cheat code just forces the "blue seed collected" flag to false.
What does that dude give you in vanilla?
Basically I added Power Jump, Power Smash, Double Dip, Spike Shield, 1x Life Shroom & No Drop Star Points with your settings.
did you start with him or was he forced upon you in the hammer throw chest
So in theory, I could make it possible to dupe any key item given that there's some setup in-game but for this particular cheat I just did blue seed.
yeah, I wanted to contribute and help the community to improve the blitz experience. I also give you a shoutout today. jpxp26Love
It actually might technically be possible to "seed dupe" when the Bub-ulb has a consumable in rando, just not with a key item.
Well given that my cheat worked, evidently not NiceSoftlock
Or at least not for this case in particular
that's obviously what it means, you brought this on yourself really
Since the Bub-ulb only normally gives you 1 item normally, they probably just use the same flag for that check, it just so happens that that particular flag can be abused.
What abt a goomba : )
Even tho you already have him
goompa is in the code as a potential partner
according to the lore he was a strong fighter in his youth, probably stronger then goombario
just think of all the possibilities if we could have a goomba partner
if we did they'd probably mix it up a bit
make it a cute gril goomba
who's into research so she's got the nerdiness a bit
Ooo ooo and have her kiss mario in the beginning of the game
who's that? that your OC or something, ohrocks?
yo the bot timed out pallos
phantom are you actually big raccoons, can you confirm or deny
how does he even use that
he probably can't even reach his penis
It's obviously just shell wax.. duh.
I see that we have punk bombette, and Princess Bow today.
I appreciated the feedback for the blitz settings "Build", is there another badge you would see to be added to the "build" ?
Goombario is all you ever need
I could add D-Jump into the "build" for the next seed i will attempt.
should be keep power jump ?
I will give it try on my attempt, i will change power jump for D-Jump.
Where do we use D-Jump the most ? Bowser ?
oh yeah! that makes sense because they high defence right ?
Is "going too early" a problem that you've experienced a lot in your life? I may suggest seeing a doctor.
Goofy me they have high defence so makes sense to have D-Jump.
you can also use d down jump on the 0 defense enemies to assert dominance
I agree about the no drop star points feature it saves time.
I agree with mx_four for D-Jump.
Is D-Hammer worth over Power Smash ?
since d down pound is only one hit, it doesn't scale well with power
an enemy would need a LOT of defense for it to be your best option
phantom what the fuck are you doing
okay i've completely lost the plot, what ending are you going for now, is this related to the library
this is a crazy glitch LUL
never seen this map before lol
Didn't hit the ! OOB smh
i did this trick in ttyd to skip ultra boots lol
so i wasn't going to play ttyd 64, but then i got sick and had nothing else to do, so i am playing ttyd 64
getting ultra boots is slow lol
i found a really funny bug lol
you can give koopa koot whatever the fuck you want
when he asks for a specific item
i gave him a life shroom instead of a sleepy sheep bc i assumed the behavior was vanilla
use this leaf to go to sleep KEKW
anyway it's fun but it's way more so because of the new content than the new mechanics lol
some of the backgrounds look whack as hell
I saw someone play an even worse version... they added the HD textures
I am updating the Blitz "Build"
all put power jump as a replacement or option.
did you see random's run the other night?
1:15 off of sob is pretty nutty
i was browsing my steam wishlist and a game a longtime friend is making has a release date
only time ive ever used quick change is for kooper duplighost and even then ive only done that twice
here you go the "Build" as been updated.
I put power jump as a replacement/personal preference.
you can also practice self care
why doesnt clippy carry from one room into the next?
the game refreshes/reloads a lot of data when you move into a new room
you just did that for a hairy nut
yo i could teach that class
Can't get hurt if you don't have expectations
I see kooper has been hanging out with dark koopers again... imagine kooper in a gang LUL
I just got home from a work happy hour where I got tipsy for free
you remember the link i dropped in your discord about sackboy being 10 bucks?
guess what game is 10 bucks today
I'm like 99.9% sure that would still work
I mean I guess if you have a Ouija board
Considering how the partner stuff is coded in rando you'd get onto sushie, I think
In fact, I think I might have used that to my advantage in testing my seed dupe cheat
Ghost partners are fully functional, IIRC all the toggle does is ignore the c-down input
I was going to say... lol
Is there a ideal badge that we could add into the Blitz "build" to increase the pace a bit ? I thought about All or nothing, Power plus, A-Up, D-Down, Power Rush or Mega Rush.
What do you all think ?
Would Clippy on the Forest Fuzzy do the same thing as normal seed dupe?
Okay I don't think you would've been able to dupe the Star Piece anyway
I mean, I could make Oakly remove the pass. Just figured it's more "show you're allowed in" thing, like an attendance badge
But I do think you could theoretically dupe a consumable in rando if it happens to be on that particular check
is this what fun looks like
How many Fortress Keys will you have in your inventory when you beat the Koopa Bros?
you know that's the same move as deku link
just throw goombario in the water, he'll be fiiiiiiine
new mode: every partner is goombario. you don't kick kooper's shells, you kick goombario and he crawls back. goombario throws tiny bob-ombs to blow up. goombario larned to flutter jump. goombario is so gross people see through him. goombario has a taser. goombario swims. goombario walks over the rough terrain.
how does he operate the taer
How you doing today? Feeling better?
Same way Goombella operates a book
it's like that king of the hill scene where hank can't open his WD-40 so he grabs a second can to loosen the lid on the first
Is there a ideal badge that you would add into the Blitz "build" to increase the speed in fights a bit ? What do you think phantom ?
leader is Red in this one, so i feel it'd count
What about All or nothing, Power plus, A-Up, D-Down, Power Rush or Mega Rush ?
including them would definitely make seeds faster but it'd homogenize combat
How would it feel if we add them from the start in the Blitz "build" ?
i have never seen these turtle colors FeelsAmazingMan
it'd feel like other than how you decide to manip peril, the fights would play out almost entirely the same every time
but it would indeed be faster
if that's something you're cool w/sacrificing for the seeds being faster that's not necessarily a problem, but some people won't like it
nice that you can skip all the dialogue
@greyblue92 That's not even exclusive to rando, holding B in vanilla makes the text go (almost) this fast normally
if we add them from the start it will make the experience less variety.
I wish more games had that, mashing in speedruns kinda sucks
Wait I wonder if you could dupe THIS seed with Clippy!
Does the Bub-ulb have more lines of text after the item?
I wasn't paying enough attention either
Bc that's probably the difference between it being possible and not
Is there a badge that could replace spike shield ? I thought about hammer throw for JR. Troopa for the blitz "Build".
i am not sure if that's good.
the RNG downside is that hammer throw could expensive on FP or we don't have ultra hammer.
I won't make any change for spike shield for now, it feels right so far.
Double dip is a very impactful badge, it saved my life multiple times is the Blitz "Build so far.
I did a seed today, double dip save my life big time against bowser when he had 10 hp and i use 2 shooting stars.
Yeah i agree about double and triple dip.
I feel double dip is powerful enough, it has been cheap on BP so far on the Blitz "Build".
ah my game just crashed with error handler 'send this to dexter!'
i will not be continuing this game
I found triple dip (8BP) on my seed today. It was too expensive with my badge set-up.
8BP was the highest i have seen so far.
YEP required Ruins Jump for Parakarry
it's got the Yoshi sound badge yoshiGasm
Would you like for me to send you the settings string for the blitz "Build" ? In case if you are interested to try it out.
Only 1 more hammer to find to confirm if clippy Mt Rugged was hard required
Yay I'm back! And we doin rando phanto274Hype
So far I think the Blitz "Build" looks reasonably balanced and concluded. Looking forward to try D-Down Jump on my next attempt.
I'm very happy I got your feedback/help on the "build" and everyone has well.
Fair, excited to watch you play phanto274BLANKIES
Yeah, it was useful since you a randomizer racer/player as well.
just played the first 3 stages of sackboy, fun cute game but as a single player game it wont keep my attention. Maybe my nephew would be interested
It would awesome if the Bliz settings "Build" be on the website but it's up to devs, mods and the community for that matter.
I agree, i will see with time.
We will see with time (Correction)
Possibly making the tracker more compacted ?
emo tracker is compact but im not a fan
plus that is just there, no way itll get updated
I'm down to make a gamba but what are the terms? Hmm
You know I'm down to run a gamba whenever there's interest and I'm here
Its Lindsey, your cousin. my bad
gen a seed and predict it after looking at spoiler log KEKW
Now, do I get ice cream?
There are a couple different ways to do starting partner preds
i caved i got the xenoblade 2 amiibo from ebay
oh yeah, general guy as high defence with is machine, D-Down Jump is also useful for this fight as well.
How do the shy guys change color like that
Didn't need to Turbo Charge or Power Bounce KEKW
Raw Jump x2 would've killed LUL
Why would you skip 3 checks when in toad town?
We don't have any gamba emotes Sadge
I put 2.5 cause Rowf sucks
Redeemed Bad RNG for obvious reasons.
If I had a nickel for every time Rowf gave me progression I would be in debt
My bet didn't show on show, but showed on the stream.
Rowf had blue key evry time for him.
Let's say Rowf and I don't see eye to eye
Well, I guess I could save points for that. Not really looking at anything else.
I just learned the term... "Hit Thhe Griddy" phanto274Eyeroll
I'm here enough where I could be a mod, but it would be a terrible idea to make me one.
Remember that Spaghetti you threw away way back when? YEP
i need more channel points lol
I was just surprised how quickly you threw it away without a second thought
I went to watch the end and you both finished so fast it was over!
Forever missing third Tubbs Fatts Key.
Seed was very fast. I got a 2:47 (PB) and Adam got a 2:55
It's funny how keys in videogames are single use.
Tubba and Fortress Keys though, and think Zelda Keys too.
If they're so easy why do I keep hearing the Game Over sound? Kappa
remind me again why it's possible to skip that?
Do you think Rowf will give you your miracle fix?
if not rowf where else could it be lilaggThink
I always use lakiluster against crystal king since this is a endurance fight.
too scary to use watt against him.
all have to practice crystal king with wat instead of lakiluster at some point.
Colorado camp tree sounds like a summer camp
God damn Rowf you disappoint me constantly
im kicking rowf in a ditch
You have to sell your stars and dreams for Ralph's wears
Inb4 Tubba Key on Cloudy Climb
The stream has more viewers than I've seen in a little while so that probably helps.
overkill him he has it comin
Do you think the door cutscenes are faster than the vine cutscene?
What was your fastest time to find ultra boots phantom ?
wait tubba castle is in ch 2?
oh wow mine is 5 mins on my seed did today.
Wasn't there a jumpless seed where you had ultra gear instantly?
in my seed i did today, all boots were on prologue. lol
Goombario (Super Boots) and item ledge (Ultra Boots) in prologue.
I like that one seed where the blue key led to Lunar Stone which eventually led to Red Key.
If we want to do another, we can do something like that
There's also things like final PB caps
If you say we do another, I can run one for even/odd seconds. I like doing preds when people want to gamba and it seems like we might have the crowd for it today
I think we at one point did one for PB 3-cap vs 4+ which you said was 50-50
spending everyone's points i stole earlier yoshiGasm
that's not peach that is daisy
While we're watching the cutscene... go get your gamba in! Last chance, bet on whether we will finish with odd or even seconds on the clock!
not that bad just lost 15K
Well Im up from earlier at least
Thank you for the stream Phantom! I wish you a lovely and healthy day. See you next time!
too many people keep treating the nissan website as a menu they can order cars from. that is not a thing lmao
Cheer100  good luck on the seed
"yeah i'd like a sedan, make it automatic, with a side of sunroof. please make it all wheel drive too. hold the leather"
i should be close to the pog emote soon
alright who made this or rolled this difficult masterpiece?
Tired so emotes are less effort right now lol
oh no tigers gonna hate all of us
HypeFire this seed summed up in an emote HypeFire
why would i hate you guys? lol
that yo emote makes me wish i wasn't working cause i checked out disney speedstorm and it's quite fun lol
music is mostly some electronica remixes of classic disney tunes for the movie they're based on (zero to hero for hercules, make a man out of you for mulan, you've got a friend in me for toy story, etc)
but they do have streamer-friendly music too
this gonna be a hell seed?
i always forget how fun the songs in hercules are lol
This isn't alttp but it's still gonna be a ped seed HypeFire
@blacktiger51 oh so u didnt make this sry for the assumption.
after a recent seed required back end of PoW digging with just a boomerang and bomb bag, i fear very little a seed can throw at me
I was wondering where all my points went but then I remembered all the paper mario runs HypeLol
that emote reminds me, i got the cyber sleuth mod manager working on steam deck so i'm playing through hacker's memory with like 2x as many digimon as vanilla
...aside from reduced with early Gyrog Pair suprjeOof
...like, ALL the colors? ok, that is a horse of a differnet color entirely suprjeS
i leave the gold ones in but yikes
I'm ready for sub 5 min chicken game
So I'm guessing a lot of double/triple dipping
did u just say 10 rounds?
I usually do all three files, sorry
Grab the popcorn were in for the long haul
now the game itself will also wonder why you're doing this seed
I rolled a seed myslef, it wasn't too bad
What's the counter on the bottom left?
wish i could sell my ps4 games but all my games are digital
aside for an hour spent looking for the Water Element, which was naturally tucked away in PoW suprjeOof
Wait is the game in German lol?
german, that's called LAS mode :P
how else would we get the glorious term Maulwurfhandshchue?
so i got a chat from Michael Jackson and it immediately disconnected
i think he remembered everything thinks he's dead
I was joking but were actually doing sub 5 min chickens
It's a lot of checks though so hopefully something
One us up the stairs in this round
i'll be back.... with a can of gasoline and some matches
guessing this is all dungeons right?
Oh the golden enemies need to be fused
You never did go do that fusion
customer wanted me to tell them their vehicle was safe to drive and didn't want to be transferred to consumer affairs because they'd just spoken with them. i ain't gonna be the one to say you could then get sued when your car explodes lmao
Guess we need that white picolite
at once my favorite early item and a very scary early item
We gonna be dipping a lot of dungeons multiple times since keys I'm guessing
oh, and there was one of my VERY LATE items last seed DansGame
oh yeah? i have never paid attention to what kinstones are for whom, if i ever run vanilla fusion seeds that would be handy suprjeS
(had to wait until out of ad limbo)
this is the dungeon i've seen vanilla the most often and idk why
Are the fusion results randomized or are they vanilla?
So we need to get a red W for the sky guy on left side of town
Is round 10 chickens unlocked with flippers?
honestly, if you asked me if this or vanilla fusions was worse - it might take a long time for me to answer
Ooh red w which is a bunch more chests in the sky
Oh is saving old man a check?  How does that work in rando?
2.  So they are in terrible places
This one without boots is kinda sketchy
Oh.  So a significant amount of kinstones
So replaced itself and gave a warp
wait... if a kinstone was behind a warp to an identical kinstone... any implications there?
If this seed has a shitload of spheres, then I would expect it to be very linear.
Are the ocarina warps on?  Or do you manually need to activate them?
mmm, will have to lurk a bit. I know i can watch the vod but this seems like a prime candidate for YT :D
See I wouldn't be opposed to kinstone fusions...if it also gave you a full fusion bag
ACTION deletes the chat he was typing up
I also finished my 9th run through of the mario galaxy games
Mitts but no split gives you backwards access?
I was wondering why you were bombing  LUL
At least you have a sword...
The hardest seed crated you say? Did it force you to triple dip droplets already and double dip fortress of winds?
I had to double take and question if you have to get all the kin stones LUL
Hmm. 20 rupees is a punishment In itself Kappa
POLICE YOU HAVE LOW HEALTH BTW POLICE
POLICE is a good emote, I just don't feel many opportunities to use it
i am doing a blitz settings "build" seed test with D-down jump.
my seed today would have been about 45 minutes faster if i hadn't been too ResidentSleeper about PoW to go get the center items
I usually just quickwarp out, but when navigating VF backwards.... well
frickin Goron, just stole items from the bakery trash and selling at insane markup DansGame suprjeSellout
This was 4 Sword in last week's awful seed
there was a lot of disgusting trolls
I didn't have a sword for 50 minutes
partly my own fault but still
needed the Ocarina from PoW Bombarossa maze to make any progress at all, it was that linear
it sure is, especially with only a Bomb Bag
fusing in the bedroom, oh my suprjeLewd
Because the water side offers 19 quick items?
5 rupees + the big chest + 6 items in both waterfalls + the pot item = 19
this room is deceptively scary even without DD
Hey Phantom! Good luck on the rando, hope you're having a good day phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
Hardest seed ever created? Do you mean by settings or did someone give you this seed after experiancing it themselves and name it so?
I want to see you do the Pape version of that.
I wouldn't, it sounds like hell. XD
Is there literally anything else you can use?
second cycle is always 1 succ, 1 rock, 1 succ 2 rocks. but he walks between rocks and it's awkward
Four Sword and still no shield, wow.
Hey Phantom, long time youtube viewer first time watcher. GL on your seed and grats on your oil element
Note to self, never let the dev roll you a seed.
awful seeds make for some good content :)
I still need to join the Minish Cap rando discord, recently cleaned out some old inactive discords so I've got room now.
I like how they change the system sleep function into an actual sleep thing in this rando.
By the way, does this have glitch logic?
Me who doesn't ever do glitches well in rando: smifficCool
...But you've got... Flippers don't you? Was that all useless?
I still need to finish Vanilla Minish Cap before getting into rando for it. So that's interesting to know.
So how do the breadstuff work in rando, do they sometimes have other items inside, or are they all junk?
I wish it would heal you 1 heart like the actual bakery items do
Hm. I recall them sometimes having kinstone pieces in vanilla, and sometimes being empty. Wonder if that could be incorporated as a setting if kinstone pieces are a thing in the seed?
Like a mystery item that you need to pick up to find out if it has something. phanto274Shrug
That's the look of someone who  has many regrets.
Oh hey the seed's still going... how you feeling at this point? phanto274Smile
Uh... So was that completely useless?
...i take it there's nothing permitted to be in non-element dungeons?
Why's this the hardest seed? Not familiar with minish cap atuff
Highest number of spheres in a seed ever, apparently.
Don't know what that means eithier @theodorevellum
a fren is playing ham ham heartbreak and im following along with your notes. Youre screen caps make it easy for me to find him on page 9 LUL
Spheres are...  I think Phantom can explain it better. XD
Basically it's like... one sphere usually has at least one thing required for progressing to the other sphere?
Oh ok. Thanks for the knowledge
i always struggle to expalin spheres
like in spongebob 4 hrs later.
I think I'll stick to watching the paper mario on YouTube
Oh, Paper Mario does have spheres too.
Never heard it though idk man I'm new
like your starting items are sphere zero, and everything you are able to get with your starting items would be sphere 1, then items you acquire from your sphere 1 gear would be sphere 2, and it carries over until you finish
So... To make an example for that, say you need Bow to get into Shy Guy's Toybox, and Bow is in Sphere 2, you need something to get Bow in sphere 1, and something to get that something in Sphere 0.
Thanks guys now I get it
think of spheres as the side quest to get giants knife in OoT
Sorry if I got a bit carried away in the explanation. XD
Another thing to keep in mind, Phantom prefers easy smooth seeds, but we don't want that. The best types of seeds for us are more chaotic. For example, seeds making him get items that aren't normally required like the blue key in Paper Mario are vastly preferred.
youd have a better time explaining NFTs to gen X LUL
Honestly, I like a balance, I don't want every seed to be smooth and easy. But I don't want them all to be... well.. like this.
I'm a millennial and don't know proper grammar
I lucky I know the difference between your and you're
I'm a fast typer, and as a fast typer I end up making typos sometimes. Especially with those they're and your variations.
I finished the Blitz settings seed D-Down Jump!
Oh my gosh you were right about D-Down Jump, it outscales power jump badge.
@TheodoreVellum This isn't the norm and shouldn't be. This is more like a special treat.
i was doing 13 damage per turn on chapter 8.
@pethanct01 Yeah, I get that.  It definately shouldn't be the norm. I'm just saying I like variety sometimes. But I also enjoy fast and easy seeds as well.
Now that i have tested the settings i safely say those settings are concluded.
Basically I just enjoy anything as long as I don't get too much of it in a row. XD
i got ultra hammer by 8 mins!
Well, you know what they say.
YEP this does indeed appear to be a bad seed
Things are getting unga bunga hot.
Oops, that was Axel Larson calling Dampe a caveman.
Oh wait, that means that the 3 yellow kinstones might have actually been required?
I'd say we got another hour left.
Remember that time four sword was on pedestal?
Would this seed be appropriate for an over/under on final time pred?
How many things are you missing?
What time estimate do you think would be reasonable? 5? 5:30? 6?
Technically not required, maybe? Makes it easier, probably?
I tossed in 500 for "believers"
I mean, how can they be barren. You found four sword off octo.
that would certainly extend a seed LUL
so a tiny bit of good news, i got my N64 to work with my receiver, but i would still need a better adapter to actually stream with it
how goes the brutal MC seed?
@Weegee666 Take a look at the active pred YEP
ah yes, my favorite mountain. Gongel-burg
Probably won't do this kind of pred often, just seemed appropriate for this kind of seed
oh quick question about ttyd64, does speedy spin stack?
cause i got one for free from some monty moles, and rawf has his for sale for me
I should probably use YEPSPIN more, YEP is probably already my most used emote
Myth, if you're here. don't let him cheat.
This is a character building seed.
@MarioManTAW did u make the placement up for the seed?
No this is not a plando, just a really bad seed someone rolled
Well, i am gonna go and rest. Thank you for the stream Phantom, I wish you the healthiest luck on your MCR Seed. jpxp26Cool jpxp26Love
I also gotta head out for now, goodluck!
4 minutes left if you want to join the pred :)
good thing i didn't vote lol
I'm glad I'm not the only one who counts out loud LUL
TBH i really only put my points in so that there would be some odds
not to be so happy at your suffering, but... :D
Congrats to the non-believers Clap enjoy your 10K points
my lurk gamba paid off EZ
Too bad it was because Vaati was rude Madge
I am terrible at fighting Vaati!
frankly that made me feel better that even you can struggle if Vaati is a jerk
time to redeem a hell seed for this real quick Kappa
have a good night, thanks for suffering for my amusement and profit ^_^
Yoo drinking stream, im here for it phanto274Hype
Lol I havent had 4loko for like 17 years
Since I was like 5 years old
I dont watch much on twitch but im always watching and rewatching your YT uplands.
4loko is an alcoholic energy drink :)
Always giving you the thumb for the algorithm
Ya the FDA doesnt like 4loko
Damn, I didn't realize it was that much
So why are you drinking it LMAO
does your save carry over? Jaye was asking about that
I remember slow go in every room
How long are you going tonight? Was not expecting your appearance and I may go to bed soon.
what did you have to rename your save file to?
Congrats Phantom, you got me hooked on Rougelike Black Pit
Ill put you on the big screen and not comment tonight. Im focusing on Pokemon TCG for gameboy. It came out on Switch.
I didnt get that far on pit so id just start over myself, I was just wanting to know what to tell Jaye.
I gotta get around to playing Pikmin 4. I downloaded it but haven't opened it up yet
I want to try to get some cards that dont suck. Got two Scythers so far.
I just started getting more into black pit, I really like it!
its so wild how good these mods are compared to the modern stuff that gets put out.
F-Zero X climax is up there for me too
its the last GBA game in the N64 engine
especially cause it was japan only
@Phantom5800 When can I redeem? I have enough for a long speedrun.
Oh it shows the badges at the top now.
Yeah, whenever you're able to do it.
Miss the streams man! Its been a minute
Alright everyone, name your favorite impractical joker
Anyone who says goombario is bad
Theyre all good, but Sal and Joe make the most entertainment. Joe is the ultimate troll and Sal is a great victim.
^ this is a correct take
Pyro guys should insta die to water attacks or any fire-like enemies
Does black pit have TTYD mods too?
It was pretty lucky and close call
what kind of 4loko you drinkin?
Should be drinking Dew Summer Freeze
At least I still remember some Pape 64 badge effects
Funny that, I just did so on Friday
On the last yt upload I just asked when we would see another pit.  upload more of these to yt so I can watch them more ianH
I'll take your word for it
Why do so many of your viewers have ice in their name?
This has always been my gamer name for everything. All the way back to original runescape and pokemon games haha
You've at least neutralized a major threat
I dunno, I'm the kind of guy who picks stuff up just to delete it from the pool
For every upgrade, does Bow get an additional smack?
Could always focus in those scenarios as well
Are you thou.... how did that work
holy fuck that's some expensive fries
i don't eat there, i wouldn't know
i just don't have the compacity to spend 73 dollars for a burger and fries with a drink
I mean don't get me wrong, their food is top quality in my book, but I ain't paying 20 bucks for a burger and fries when I can get a total of 3/4 pounds in burgers and a large fried at McDs for only $11 (Thanks McDs app)
Five Guys use real potato and ingredients
it's fast food... fast at draining your bank account
and they dont use fake stuff
If it was cheaper, I would eat there more often
How much did it go for
I thought those were like $20 tbh
No, CRTs are a collectors dream
I have 2 CRTs. One 20 inch and 24 inch. Both are worth like 250+
Those are big ones, I had a 24 but I got rid of that
It's literally the lowest latency tvs you can find, especially sony trinitrons
What's the difference between that Deep Focus and the one with thicker yellow?
ive never had a 4 loko. i had me a 24 oz mikes yummo
yeah its def got a weird after taste but i chopped it up to being alcohol
Wow that was a loading screen
You went from bahs to doos.
I kinda wanna see Jumpman tbh
and ill drink that one for you
@cpunkc Thanks for the gift sub, Punk! <3
Sounds like America to me. LUL
Oh okay, yeah that sounds about right lmfaoo
Still not the most American thing ever. That title goes to Metal Wolf Chaos
Keep cool and beat the pit
I'm back after working to get a refund on a sleeping Umbreon plush that never came in
I'm just using the money to buy sitting Vaporeon and Flareon so I can have the trio :^)
So care to explain what happened to reset run?
I simply would've gotten lucky day
They get worse which is the best part
It's to compensate for your early boots
If you play it right, yes it's worth
maybe not a good idea anymore
ive never seen a black pit run this looks really really fun
he's not special i do backflips too
Yo we need backflip goombario in rando
Okay but can you do backflips and have particles appear at will?
zap tap is so op lol
not fast but funny and also fun
and that's all that matters odme2Chatting
But like what if you got it in 1-3 tries?
there's so many features in this pit, it actually looks fun and engaging and unique unlike ttyd or spm pits
massive props to devs for how much thought was put into this
definitely giving it a try one day
wait black pit and ttyd64 dev is the same dude??? actual goat
It only gets better with upgrades
weird cuz boomer spm suffers from the same issue
smaller hitbox than is visually indicated
bombette is way worse but boomer isn't quite as bad
still a lot smaller hitbox than you'd think tho
omg lol rowf is the shop dude that's perfect
guaranteed every ten floors and not rng every 10 floors???
Danger Mario always worth; give in to your tempations
Oh this is hard mode maybe Danger Mario wasn't the play LMAO
you do have quake hammer right? how much damage does that do w/ danger
You can't even bait the goomba?
lol right as soon as i say that
This is how Danger Mario starts
Water block to support danger or is that 4?
Really depends on if u want the AoE vs higher Squirt dmg
Now you only need hammer upgrades
i do not, in fact, understand the tornado jump hitbox
yeah that's why i didn't figure it was that bad, the tornado jump first strike even looks like there's a bit of leeway
had no idea the actual hitbox was tiny
You simply don't believe in friendship
The Ultra Boots really turned it around LOL
This game is also based for Mario being silent while doing stylish
That was some Instant Transmission going on there
Saves you from dying by killing first strike
No P up and D down
We need P down and D up
i take that back, boomer is considerably better than that
I have access to Hurricane Hilary
But also I think it should be second items (if any) should be slow go higher rates past room 50
And you said he was gonna be trash KEKW
goombario strats saving the run again
Goombario strats allowed us to get this far
you might not get another 1 for a long time
Yeah, I think this has run its course
We can use some HP now that it can get serious
Now watch mega rush into close call and lucky day with ease of access
Nintendo trying to do program advances
If only you could sell volt shroom
Everyone is worried about Hurricane Hilary when they should actually be worried about Hurricane Lakilester
Laki should just change his name to Hurricane
yooo been meaning to try this mode, how is it? quizmoPog
bees is paper mario dont mess around
Mario is not fucking around anymore
BRO HOLY HOW DO YOU DO THAT!? LUL
i dident even know there was a visual cue BunnyPog
i forgive you... it happens to the best of us
Don't need hp if you just 1 shot him
guess i need to do some research Chatting
You also have Mega Rush if things get bad
I do, I've played this LMAO
Grab it for the meme. You already have Goombario. LUL
that why you start the fight with 1 hp EZ
Mega Shock can also be clutch
hey phantom how do i delete a message without timing out someone?
You just don't see the Vision of the Goom.
wait whats the star power bar for? i dident think there were star powers in this mod
I think Freeze and mini are such rare statuses
i wonder if you can get slow go from this chest
this was a god run too rip
I mean everything looked fine on my end
thank goodness lol i was scared you died or something when chat started freaking out
I'll gift a sub to Ohrocks if you upgrade goombario
I'll unsub if you don't upgrade
Thanks a lot for giving me something to watch on this overnight btw. I got nothing to do until 10 AM
isn't it arie's lil thing she has emotes for
I'm just here woodcutting maples in osrs while watching this chaos
Yeah phantom, my ironman needs maples >:(
Can you laki jump that money money badge?
Gamers are legally required to mash in Mario games.
i don't wanna be a gamer then i hate mashing FeelsStrongMan
Yo wait D Up P Down
Air lift is worse for me than hurricane tbh
tidal wave still the hardest for me LUL
Is mega bomb now like 3 or 4?
the mash is harder based on how strong the enemy is right?
Do you pop every unnecessary item before the final floor?
oh yeah good point, i remember  looking at a google doc with all the stats for rando
Do make a final purchase on 90 or is there 100 shop?
and people said goombario was useless Kappa
yeah i miss the end of last run
Do the stats still cap out at 50?
This is what double Flower Saver does to a MF
sir, what are you doin UP
gl with the black pit merhigh merhigh merhigh
You deserve an award for merhigh
Why does Mario go through so many haunted houses and fortresses?
and he grabbed it for you :)
Because he heard they have boo-tiful architecture! 
Why are there so many badges on screen?
oh what, do you have to turn that on? I remember seeing that in the change log, but I didn't notice it when I played.
u got double raided. FOR THE CONTENT!!!
Wonder what the tattles for the new enemies say?
That Chain Chomp is an eyesore.
so if a floor 10 chest give you slow go its a reset i guess
i almost want to pull this up on wii just to see my console explode
oh that is a lot of health
Didnt even get stylish cloud nine smh
I don't even think 4 is out of the question
peril manip with cloud nine? what could possibly go wrong
Danger Mario wins all the time
most time spent in 69 quizmoPog
so you doing this again tomorrow right?
don't worry phantom i will time him out real quick Kappa
Oh hell yeah we broke out the guile theme
did you get the cum headset
I feel like I'm missing some context.
Thats always a surreal experience, watching your YouTube uploads and see you talking to me in the video
Buff00n does but idk if anyone else
I do! :D I don't always watch Twitch in time to catch the live stuff
I try to keep up with the vods, livestreams depend on the day though.
I think I'm getting a youtube family plan thing so maybe I'll leave vods on my phone overnight while it charges
Logic is meant to be broken
I also see that evolution of randomizer is still going. With that interior dungeon shuffle. I wonder if there will be a combo paper mario randomizer.
Started my playthrough of Kaizo Mario Galaxy
phantom makes this one of my favorite games
Something in development that will be cool at least once is really leaking serious info
I remember when that alttp super metroid combo randomizer came out.
is it multiworld coming to pape POGGIES
The bot made its own command
Oh also phantom have you managed to get over to ups yet
Sounds good, just lmk when you send it
I have a ps3 but I think the only game I still have for it is skate 3
That alone is pretty good though
Having a fully Backwards Compatible PS3 is so good to have
All the old PS games I'd want to play are ported
I don't have a PS3 any more because there's just nothing I'd want to play on it these days
The only notable game stuck on the ps3 is mgs4
I did it on purpose lolol
After unite last night he deserves to get timed out
They got the wack ass hurtbox
Just be like morp and eat some delicious fucking bread
oh wait fuck I forgot my mom cancelled prime
I don't have my sub anymore :(
Oh wait that's why my payment isn't going through this pc doesn't have updated paypal on it cause the backup data is from 22 lol
ok now it's just not subbing lol
let me use my money twitch fuck you
I had to close all my chrome tabs and then reopen twitch and it let me sub
you know if u had FeelingFine this wouldn't be happening
The payment shit is stuck to my screen now
Famous twitch streamer and YouTuber, "Phantom5800" has his career ended because he failed to block a dark koopa losing valuable time.
Pyra is trending on twitter how long do you think I'd need to scroll to see porn
oh it's trending because there's a figure of her crawling with that ass way out
Yea this trending tab is entirely her ass
oh there's an xrd clip here too for some reason
Theres just something off about all this.is Laki sickly green this seed?
spm makes me sad sometimes lol
should retire from everything but pm64 tbh
honestly if you don't do the riskiest strats in 64, it's a sick speedgame
yea sometimes bowser can be fun :)
like the triple dip strat in no pw
I didnt pay 60 bucks to block
that's some nice money right there
I have a friend over helping me with my cable management finally, very excited
what kind of monster would leave a small child up in a tree
Dungeon shuffle LCL is werid, needing key scarf bucket and star stone but skipping all the checks
you made your own branch to make it run like that?
so youd basically have to collect all progression items until you found out what you actually needed then
is friday using any glitch logic?
whered you get that gba case?
save a slot for 4.5 COPIUM
all i have is just all english BN, emerald and firered
firered is the only one I dont have the box for
I still have most of my old pokemon games, but I don't have any of the boxes any more
did you get rid of your PS3 games already?
I feel the same way about N64
the only casrts i have worth playing is pape, star fox, and f-zero
I only have the disc for NT
if you roll ch2 but not ch1, is kolorado in ch1 iin logic?
just got off work. how is this seed treating you?
Where was it? I missed it ):
have a good stream man im gonna lurk for a bit. gonna go out with some buddies for my birthday
nice just in time for the next one phanto274Bless
Any idea what's going on with the tracker thing that was reported earlier?
i envision this run being even shorter then the 1st LUL
And you can go to... almost all of those chapters with this start
Watt is not guaranteed to be in logic but still might be bc Yoshis
I don't actually know if LCL requires all checks in a given chapter to be accessible
idk what SDAT is and google was not any help
all google had for me was the Maryland State Department of Assessments & Taxation
gotta refill the watering can somehow
now the mystical water is mixed in with the jungle water NOOOO
I don't know what a dece is supposed to be, but it reminds me of the Gorillaz song, Desole.
So what is SDAT? No cheating seeds?
I prefer to see the Piranha Plant Boss anyways.
It was a good treat to see LP.
this has the makings of a low-XP seed
You didn't see the hurricane, right?
I rolled my eyes at Hurriquake. We gotta combine everything to make it more dramatic.
Good that you got to not deal with that. What dangerous storms/conditions affect Washington aside from Blizzards and Wildfires?
Connecticut gets mostly hurricanes and blizzards. Even those don't overly affect us in a killer way........... yet.
Well, now I hope that it's a Blue Key seed.
That's just my reaction whenever you skip something.
not your fault there a loading zone there  phanto274Shrug
alright buddy that is getting a bug report in the rando discord Kappa
Youre going to have to Tim Allen this seed.
Where in Mt. Rugged? Quake Hammer?
Are they still playing HOA on the race settings team?
I just remember how riled up you were getting with the settings/rules in the season a few months ago. Its been dogshit seed after dogshit seed.
Not to be a dick, but you needed a break from that shit.
Seemed a good amount of the problem was also that the seeds were lengthy and you ended up full clearing a lot of shit.
I think the 4 chapter thing is reasonable overall. Also gives a sense of variety and mystery since you never know which chapters you are going to get.
You really did need a break. You were overflowing with bile over that. It worked out though because we got Minish Cap stuff.
Variety and less time consuming. Dungeon shuffle would add to it pretty well. But only in the way you mentioned before. Going to a dead chapter for a required dungeon is stupid.
Isnt parrycarry your go mode. Seems unlikely he would be behind something he is required for.
So Im guessing wordt case scenario is Parrycarry being on Yellow Yoshi.
Not a fan of Walmart, I see.
Maybe one day we can make terribly cursed seeds with Goombario in plando monkaHmm
Best Goombario placement was when he was on Fuzzies and Watt was on the block in Koopa Village
Phantom was foiled by his own hatred.
The yoshi kids can stay lost forever
@pethanct01 thats one place I would put him in plando again LUL
Great location. Lets do it again.
@trevbonk Make sure the seed has good badges, but also requires Blue Key
You can always dip 6 for experience, unless it is 4 scaled.
what if u get a bad seed on friday
this song is a banger phanto274Jam phanto274Jam phanto274Jam i need to play the game
After the SDAT, he'll be taking the LSAT.
Is that before or after the PSL?
kinkaiSpy  Hiya, can actually lurk today for once
If theres a goodwill is there also a badwill?
Oh you already have 3 cards
The multiple good rngs are paying off
Speaking of trash.  He who must not be named
I was literally typing out a joke about finding bombette soon for this baby seed
Im so glad they fixed the extreme streamdelay on mobile with latest update. Goodbye 20 sec delay
I usually watch on mobile since im so mobile
Yeah, its about 6 seconds for me. Not bad
Yo I'm gonna hit 300k points this stream
So back to it being a baby seed
We almost picked up the burden
Are important checks all moved out of the card worlds you already have?
ice power and fire shield in the same room
I'm misremembering hp values.  I thought it was boosted lol
um, why wouldn't she be underwatter? Kappa
The better question is how did the entire jungle not get electrocuted
TBF these are 4/6 of the required partners in this set
Kooper's only hard required for... 1 check in these chapters
Heya, just poking my head in for a quick question: Random seed or vetted for SDAT?
Was it on a gift for a while or something?
I keep expecting Mario to do a backflip after the hammer after watching the black pit vod on youtube the other day. XD
Would be neat if the Lava Bud's could have differant colors then the main one.
Lp matching Smash Bros pallets would be cool
Ive had smash on the brain lately
Surely LP isn't a smash character
No but regular Piranha Plant is YEP
me and connor were doing a mario 64 rando rase
ive seen you on youtube when i was looking into this randomizer
and the parents stop running in circles, i'd imagine
do these settings make certain badges more likely?
Hello everyone, good evening  is it hot where you are?
Oooo that sounds like a good temp. Jealous 
I submitted it as a rando suggestion
Oooo I'm getting thousand year door vibes
are you making a bid war for the mario pallet on friday?
why would earlier events have fewer bid wars?
its nice your run is earlier in the day, timezones are rough on icebound
How old were you when you first played paper Mario?
Heck yes! Same here. Such happy fun nostalgia feels
For me, you have to ask which one
I probably played SPM when I was around 10 lol
I rented it shortly after it released, I was in 4th grade. I specifically remember not being able to get past Buzzar LUL
I heard there's an older paper Mario but I've never played it
And this one a bit later
I would like to try the older one though
Gotcha. I'll try to get to a computer later
Thank you. I like to type in my phone and watch through my tv
Nice! So tomorrow afternoon for me. Can do
Yo icebound is 1 of the Commentators
what are Announcements supposed to be? they just look like Highlights
i never heard icebound talk before
i'm not a dev, but that...sounds like an easy change to make
I'll fight twitch mobile for you unless you want to square up together lol
imagine your cubicle next to tteraj42 LUL
They could at least take it if they do happen to hire
imagine working for pokemon company and playing crystal rando
ppl at TPC can learn tools? i need to see some evidence
was that around the time mini mario and friends came out?
Is it hard to run your own bizz?
I played all the levels except for toad in that game lol
there wasnt alot to play on wiiU, plus I had the amiibos so why not
Yoo Phantom! How's the rando so far? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
bro, my seed last night power plus, all or nothing, AND P up D down were all 6BP
how we doin on this fine evening
bro did the real emoji poop
im high this shit is funny 2 me
Did you say you never found Cake Mix?
That's a lot of Shooting Stars, wow
Maybe you'll lose and get to do it right the second time Kappa
You get to use your stars phanto274Hype
Should've asked Icebound for a seed like that Minish Cap one from Saturday.
Not even counting to 32 smh
Though I shouldn't complain about seeing Bow get used
how are you feeling about a lets go run?
I've been sitting on enough channel points for a new speed game for a little while now
Hello, I just completed my first randomizer run for a game
Never played it but I've heard at least the base game's cool raysY
Not as old as this game though... is it?
I've been replaying it since WiiWare and I've memorized everything in that game so I had to do it
6 thunderbolts for the price of 2?? you can't beat that kinda deal
But what if people redeem seed name every seed? Kappa
Right as I took a drink of water LUL
I keep reading lcl as lol
I'd imagine you'd get it at the end if you had lots of items, enough star pieces, and no badges but that's not especially likely
and all we need is Pwr Rush....
Where did Goombaria's shadow go? HUH
'would you like access to a check 15 seconds away? ok, here you go'
you know what they say - When toeds are over-charging, just use the five-finger discount
You just need a moving floor
If only Mario could move freely in Outta Sight...
now I know what to put on a fake phantom dating profile for "what I'm looking for in a partner"
can't believe you hacked in TTYD's Fright Mask
wait why didnt you take the portrait?
Power went out on phone real quick gl with the rest of the seed hopefully be back later
Phantom do you still keep up with competitive Pokemon? I need a decent doubles and 3-Pokemon Singles team by next Saturday so I represent myself well to the general public. This team can't include Home Pokemon
I think the game wants you to beat ch3 YEP
Does Ultra Hammer even get you anything?
Ultra Boots chest and that's it?
aight, Series 1 team it is
gl with the practice; time for din din
could be something in the ultra boots chest I guess lol
Oh by the way, I sold the other Pokemon Promo Gamecube game I had for $215.00, it's the promo game for Pokemon Coliseum that gave infinite Jirachi's.
Pissing away money, I don't feel bad.
Dipping ch 1 no keys sound awful
You can't even get to that area of the sewers, can you?
you mean you doing it for a trash item
Boots on the outdoor fortress chest incoming Kappa
Down is what the glitchless route instructs for post ch 2
Fair, well the point is that down should be slightly faster
Maybe? It also leads to all corners instead of all the way through a room but idk it's very minor either way
What's good about these seeds is that it forces you to be creative
Time to FC Palace looking for Fortress Key YEP
Half tempted to do a pred but I think that might be too skewed
Do I do it, do I do the gamba?
I also kind of want it to be on artifact since this is one of the few seeds that it can be in logic
Never be afraid to do the gamba. Engagement is good.
Oh and that was before I saw artifact there lol
OK, well I thought I started it but it didn't work and then you found it before I could try again, oops
Oh, it's just bugged on mine Madge
It's fine. Don't cancel it. I lost.
You know what, sure, we pay it out
Don't know when it technically ended but phanto274Shrug
It was still going after the key was found but nobody bet after that
I shoulda put more in, oh well
Yeah, I'm not doing that. Swag jump forever!
To me anything other than what you normally do just looks cursed since I'm not used to it
i wanna scream at my rando seed rn
Jr is a resident of Smash City, a student of the dark campus of Cocoon Academy. Jr was seen picking on Kracko for staying at Cocoon Academy on a weekend before Sasuke Uchiha breaks up the fight. Jr tries to get Sasuke's autograph, and learns that Sasuke lost his Smash core fragment. Jr then reveals that there is a Battle Armor that was moved away from Cocoon Academy and can only be won when someone beats a Pro Duelist. Jr and Kracko then join Sasuke's cause unwillingly Cheer100
I was watching attack on titan. Showing it to my partner.  Glad to hear it! I dig the purple mario
Man, @pethanct01 about to be 0/2 this stream Kappa
That's fine, just wanted to participate.
I'm glad I was too slow to play the odds on yes NiceSoftlock
What was Willl Smith's cousin's name, the one you were obsessed with. Was it Vanessa?
oh wait I bet no? sweet!
oh that why someone else was paying out lol i was getting a error
I think they are. Even if they want to kill me
Yeah I got it, missed the start bc I left for a bit
I'm hoping for a shit seed for tomorrow. Let's get a 2:22:00
I'm buying equipment. And would like to stream paper Mario. Any recommendations for a first time streamer?
Okay cool. Any randomizers you recommend?
I might catch the end, who knows
Goombario even donated. That was nice of him.
I was dead, but I had the stream running
i was happy you posted it was happening cuz i forgot
more vods I can leave running overnight are always welcome
i was thinking it was Thursday yesterday for some reason
fine, I'll be the water pika-knockoff
if phantom doesn't name me after a gengar 1 day i am gonna be Sadge
@mariomantaw Have I wronged you? You were stomping me into oblivion
That Tauros that's named after you was destroying Mon I'm named after
okay time to try this translation patch again
you ever need to growl at something and instead just electrocute the crap out of it?
If Tauros had Zap Cannon when you caught it, it replaced either Tackle or Tail Whip
sometimes, Crystal rando just says "NO."
be a good starter Pokmon  phanto274Bless phanto274Bless phanto274Bless phanto274Bless phanto274Bless
Middle was the worst pick tbh
Are you sure you don't want the dog muppet
Bet you can't wait to pivot Kappa
Will you ever even bother to catch anything else?
Isn't mewtwo kind of a glass connon?
lvl 63 66 70 75 and 81
11 22 33 44 55 66 77 88 99
"thanks for helping my granddaughter bro, here have a few tabs
"sir i'm a pokemon protagonist, i'm 12 at most"
i had a rough choice last night in the hack i'm playing. i needed a flying type but i didn't want to overlap on types already on my team
yo now you can watch EXPN. i wonder if they have the dodgeball tournament on EXPN 8, The Ocho
i almost went with murkrow because the fighting weakness was mitigated a bit but ultimately went with altaria
crobat would've been good but the friendship grind D:
natu was also an option but it's an FRLG hack and they put that in sevii
i don't have the balance to surf
I've always wanted to learn how to surf
there was a kid in my high school who looked and talked like a full on stereotypical southern california surfer... he'd never even been to the beach lmao
GOOOOOD!! TEACH ME HOW TO SPEEDRUN ONE DAY!
i want to try it out for Mario Kart
i dont understand the timestamps stuff
yeah i saw i will probably check it out
anyways gotta go take care of the pooches going to lurk <3
7.5% to not see all 4
So.we have a required whirlpool HM seed?
ah but you need whirlpool for dragons den too
also. No sign of cut yet  LUL
mister206Gombidious  can always solve your tree problems with his powers
yeah soft sand girls are alway the fun meme choice of a check LUL
Getting card key was just a troll then wow LUL
169 / 169 HP , NICE ~ !
Nah I have seen cut here before
Just as many ghosts as dragons YEP
Claire's really running a pair of 2's
Got it Clair! Your nugget of knowledge today is run 2 ghost and 2 dragon types in pairs Kappa
Nah we skip the road and go right for the victory Kappa
Yeah Mirby is POGGERs are all
GL on the rest of the run
sorry i'm just very drugged up right now
this is how i usually play randomizers
i once had a flying/psychic magikarp that knew aeroblast in an emerald rando
oh i never do that much
huzzah the dq monsters 1 3ds remake isn't crashing my 3ds instantly
well shit I'm not staying for long lmao you gonna pivot soon
I think Steel is the only Dragon resist this gen
i like randomized types cause it's like regional forms. familiar mons new types
And Dragon is the only Dragon weakness in every gen YEP
there's an emerald one called ephemerald too
@MarioManTAW "But what about Ice-Types" What ABOUT Ice-Types???
considering how that Lugia seed went, I don't fault you for skipping the Ho-Oh
I found insane in the rain made a jazz arrangement of You Will Know Our Names. I want more Jazz Xenoblade now
Hoping for a crazy dominant Tentacruel
Make them wish they never did whatever they did.
just  ran through this lighthouse like an hour  ago
Replaying on my gba for the first time in forever
always fun to play my gba sp
was just  replaying super mario sunshine on my gamecube  a few weeks ago and having a blast
Better now that I'm here! Hope you are too!
Caught another one. POG Are you streaming more often?
interesting, are you playing this on a game system or emulator?
should have named him something inappropriate  LUL
I haven't played this game in forever. Was that the regular victory road theme?
Looks like the randomizer has had a few upgrades since I last saw it.
Well, the TM's say what they are upon grabbing them now, and repels can be automatically re applied.
Yoooo I finally caught a stream :)
I feel it, just moved myself. Granted, I didnt have a house full of stuff to pack LUL
I've a friend over, he's selling me HARD on BombRush Cyberfunk
And Red is finally faded out.
man you're really selling those memberships
Glad I could catch a stream for once :)
Hope you have a great night phanto274BLANKIES
g'night Phantom, have a good one
What is considered a sequence break?
the block puzzle in ch5 u can skip right
So its a good mic between seeing glitches and seeing the game.
Cant skip Goombario or Bow. Thats a little bit of a minus for me when partners are skipped, even Goombario.
Not good enough, you have to gold every split.
I see why you like this run.
So you have to choose one or the other, not both?
lol im getting adged thru the raid somehow
gl dude its sick youre running this
i got an any% pb somehow LUL
bowser just decided to be a chiller
Could you see them ever remaking this game?
I dont think it needs a remake
doing bhs this late into a run seems so wrong
i have been sucking at raph skip lately
for some reason i never go down right enough with raph skip
ya im learning that slowly lol
Weird seeign that take you more than one try
Is there something in the rules that makes LP required?
Okay. That's not listed as a requirement on SRC
"Collect all star spirits, watch all Peach cutscenes, and get all Partners while never decreasing your Story value (No going back in time)"
Lava Piranha, the original Grass/Fire type.
Unless Star Spirits is meant to imply cards
transphobic stuff from what i can gather but i dont know details...thats all i will say last mention of it
Well,  google search certainly answers all the questions here.
i never actually new about that jammin jelly location
Well, I didn't need to know any of that. Pointless drama.
Thought he was the guy who made star points drop.
Reminds me of the woman who killed herself because she was reporting on blood news. Obviously that is a stretch, but that's the type of drama it is.
Mega Rush certainly makes things interesting.
Bots back and it's talking about that game Phantom hates.
A few more months before the Vegas move?
im making a new mario 64 sr category: time to castle doors
I have to go to bed anyways. Have a nice night.
I have to wait 4 hours on first phanto274Cry
I love this starting soon screen 
what are popular glitches you don't run in glitchless? is breaking into the Toad Town warehouse a glitch?
pie jumps is a clip LMFAO
one piece live action dropped last night. Im benging as much as I can before netflix kicks me off my brothers account lol
All of east blue in 8 episodes so like 50 anime episodes
hewwo paperLurk gl with the run/s
please don't tell me the one piece stans are gonna start telling me to binge the netflix adaptation
I already refuse to watch one piece
hope all is well, only saw your most recent general posts on your discord, "brain not found" is all mine jumped to (might be harsh, I dunno its all it rly thought when reading it)
are u going to have a direct reaction?
Wonder's more interesting than I expected
direct this morning, still didnt do the charles and miyamoto thing like i expected
will likely be getting that and Superstars
the thing i love about it is they made peaches and toads world CANON to having elephants and reasoning for the giant sized mushroom powerups. Which means there are mice for the minis in past games.
gonna sacrifice Yoshi players to their doom for a double jump
him and Nabbit are un-killable, sans insta-kill hazards
Cappy With yoshi NEVER made sense. Mario would still ride his pet.
badges were cool granting new abilities then they pull the rug out "only one badge equip per level"
yes they are long time friends but in ontext to odyssey.
@blacktiger51 chillin, make lurk and take a nap
@Axl_SR I'll be surprised if the grappling vine doesn't go crazy in speedruns
was concerned they restricted wall jumps to a badge before they clarified you get one Mega Man X styled wall kick
When they introduced the Flower Kingdom I thought, "Yo! in Mario and Luigi they went to bean kingdom and we got new villians... oh its just Bowser again..." BLUBBERS
remind me again, whats defined as a sequence break?
imagine Laki going to jail for "breaking and entering" LUL
oh heck apparently they've already revealed drill daisy's color scheme
the real question tho, would Daisy be in this game if it wasnt for Smash?
@Axl_SR considering they intended to throw her in 3D World? I'mma say yeah
Drill Daisy color scheme speaks to me
i bet its already modded into smash LUL
i had a new one today
customer came in and immediately went "live agent"
well you're already with one so
also i see people complaining about no online co-op missing the fact that there is online co-op
in local, you can't bump into other players and if a dead player bumps into a live one they're revived. in online you can't bump into other players and if a dead player bumps into a live one they're revived
online players are more transparent but their actions are transmitted. you can also place cardboard cutouts as stand-ins to revive folks
there's also a "heart rating" where the more helpful you are the higher the rating
and you aren't forced to play with randos, you can make friend lobbies
you can also specifically race the stages and it'll time it
this all is related to mario wonder?
it's basically just NSMB multiplayer just you can't touch the other players lol
as long as the screen's still stuck to the people, its gonna be annoying still
I forgot to get back to your message, I'm just now realizing that
that was like the one thing which NSMB multiplayer on the wii had and made it impossible for someone who either was better then someone else or knew the levels to play with someone who didnt
cus you'd be able to speed along and cause all sorts of chaos with that be it by accident or on purpose
in that case online has the advantage, jonxhas. because everyone has their own screen
@Mirby_Studios if they thought about that yea - so like MM2 style where they had everyone just be able to be on different parts of a level
that being said, if its purely on the online side for the multiplayer / co-op, then meh
More like 4 days but close enough
like not kidding, early NSMB co-op, I woulda preferred to be SMB3 style
Hey subs are 25% off now lmao
3dWorld co-op basically is how NSMB co-op had worked, just 1 less dimension rly
I have someone who subs for multiple months at a time so it'll be great for them
Yeah their first subtember was so good
It was just 50% off of all subs
you the only 1 i sub too everyone else is a gift sub
i have no idea who bear is
ugh i am so full right now lol
local deli place near me makes wraps that are basically the size of burritos lol
yo gl (no audio) (watching in 160p)
My one is at 3:45 so I have some time
Im at Burger King rn, kill me.
Its the closest thing to campus
Gonna lurk and play terraria but gl
The daily struggle of trying to do anything and a twink interrupts you
So I missed a crystal run I see, how'd that go?
Well I finally bought Kingdom Hearts on PC so I've been testing rando on that again. It's been a long time
Yeah it's SO much better than KH2 on emulator
I've never played with hints. I'll have to check your vod out
Perfect. Today SUCKED. Everything was annoying.
Long weekend coming up thank goodness FeelsOkayMan
Same, it has been so slow at work  no one wants pizza today
@str9ngest9r do you deliver to Canada?
Not quite that far sadly str9ngSadge
I just imagine a pizza delivery guy sitting on a plane in uniform with a pizza on his lap
I mean, if the tip was big I'd do it whisqScheme
LUL if the tip covers the airfare then MAYBE
Can't guarantee it will still be hot though lmao
Listen I'm a big fan of cold pizza actually
Well if you like cold dominos pizza, I got you
I have a dominos 4 blocks from me, maybe that makes more sense than flying you out
they've got their ipads or whatever
sugarTHISISFINE wispluTHISISFINE captai2638Thisisfine  totally not according to plan
Geez Kolorado, do you not see the lava? Be careful bro
are there fights where missing status on an enemy is actually good?
are you trying to be rude? @PhantomGamesBot he just missed dizzy on the 4th soldier twice
I wanna do no peach warp but I know I would go for ISS and I softlock way too much
2 frame window for mirror clip?
Ive heard 2 and 3 but idk lol
i've always heard 3 but it feels like more lol
How it was meant to be done
Just beat Mario Sunshine for the first time
Never played 64 or Sunshine until 3D All-Stars, finished 64 and started Sunshine a while ago but never finished Sunshine until just now
@mariomantaw What did you think of the pachinko machine red coins?
I don't remember if I did that level tbh
Oh ho. If you did it, youd remember. Its one of the most infamous shines in the game.
I played normally for a while way back when but then I picked Sunshine back up this week just to reach credits quickly
I am well aware what it is
If I did it, it was months or years ago lol
I think I found it but I don't remember if I finished or gave up (probably the latter)
I found a good way to do it recently though so its not bad now, but its still quite amusing to see other people do it.
Theres plenty interesting in Sunshine, but yeah, you have to sit through the opening shit.
That game needed a bit more diversity. Wouldve traded the blue coins for extra worlds.
Anyway, next time I return to 3D All-Stars will be Galaxy and that'll be fun
The only one of the 3 I actually had played before
But apparently that was another rushed GC game along with Wind Waker
Besides the controller, was there anything else that changed?
I played a little and didnt notice any major changes
X is for plebs. Shake the control for complete destruction
Do those redeems not show up in chat or was that old?
idk i dont see it on mine phanto274Thonk
i dont see my redeem hydrate either
Okay now I see those after a refresh
Twitch is a very good website with no flaws whatsoever NODDERS
Gotta even out that Good RNG
That's why everyone who's anyone has at least one browser extension to make Twitch slightly different Kappa
I dont care enough about chat to do that. As long as the video feed works, Im good. This is the only chat I really participate and thats because its quieter and Phantom is more responsive
I just pause unpause to do that phanto274Shrug
Well it's in your chat KEKW
Makes sense. Im not at the threshold of usage.
I like annoying Phantom and another streamer so Im not at high usage.
So much bad rng, none of it matters
I mean there's a couple things you can do on Mt. Rugged if you feel so inclined
You can alway change it for reasons
Ah yes, always gotta go fast. Can never have time to take the scenic route.
Sometimes you just gotta stop and smell the paper roses.
But yeah, it seems like 2 is only broken when you smuggle in stuff from later in the game
He probably wont help you if you call him names
If you reset, you have to do green toad again
Is that why they wear sunglasses
Seems the hardest thing about this run is not having a higher power take it away from you.
Dear Diary, Princess Peach is a total babe.... the things i would do...
thats what the translation is trust trust
theres a reason i only choose her in mario kart phanto274BLANKIES
yo my buddy sent me one of your youtube videos and I'm like "I watch him stream" lol
How have the runs been today?
I think you were doing glitchless when I started watching. I remember your disapointment when you got a PB that put you in 3rd place.
You were so upset, you switched to Pokepark runs.
Paper Mario Glitchless => PokePark => Pape Rando => Minish Cap Glitchless + Rando => Minish Cap Glitches + Rando => BS Zelda => Link's Awakening Switch => 4 Chapter Pape Rando => Back to Minish => All Bosses Paper + Rando => This
I'm not in the sub only channel
But let's be real, do you really want me to make chaos in that channel?
I really don't know if you want me in thta.
I'm a troublemaker. Look at all the chaos I cause here.
You know what? Those would both be fun to watch.
I remember you gettting mad at the rival.
gl on not breaking the sequences
Whoever redeemed that glitchless hundo for pape is a madman and I thank them for their service. That should be great.
Look away, only slight cheating going on here.
You should have seen Phantom's run for that charity last week. Goombario donated $5.
I still run the theory that Bowser gives good healthcare.
There doesn't seem to be significant turnover in his company. His employees seem somewhat loyal and he has a lot of employees.
time to learn the lzs bhs Clueless
i prefer mashing jump over double lure
if i can do bhs anyone can
bhs with boot upgrade is so ass
This is why the NPCs are mean to you.
Well, don't one cap Huff n Puff and you should be good.
The best part of the game
ohh ok, I forgot that tying means *not* winning, based on what you said on-strim lol
like I knew teh urn did not get teh prize but I forgot whether tying meant you didn't get the prize
Man, never expected Yellow Seed to be behind Volcano Vase and a chapter clear.
Oh I forgot to ask about your thoughts on Super Mario Wonder?
@buff00n I guess you can call them "intricate". Kappa
@Ohrocks I'm kinda hyped for SMB Wonder SeemsGood
just finished 4 episodes its so good
how ever did you know LUL
Been reading the manga for 12 years.
You can always get a motor home.
Then you can always live on a bus
At least they cut back to Mario before anything bad happens.
At least the bus rides are free
They said, 'HEY, dont like paying for bus rides? take this tap card on us!"
They wouldn't hurt Peach.  Unless they want to face Bowser's wrath?
I was gonna start learning SF6 fr with rashid but now I wanna wait for Aki
She be slithering and poking like voldo I need that
yooo i got 4 capped by junior Pog
I stood up and my legs went, "time to die"
Guess I gotta look it up myself Sadge
Why is jr the only enemy who dosent die when you beat him
this is valuable information thank you for sharing
ya i figured youre ok with mega rush
and also egg armor, i guess
If squirting once doesn't work, just squirt again runera3Notes
I was abt to say LMAO
that's a good question. strimmer do you like squirting
I've seen too many rando vods, I'm expecting "checks" instead of key items
i picked a weird conversation to zone back into
We gotta get you squirting experience
@JamminJami what could you possibly mean
i get right down to business
tart i bopped your chapter 6 IL
my 6-1 is so cringe lol
i really should do actual il runs instead of hacked file runs tbh
the real Kooper was the friends we made along the way
Never realized that the blue house was locked from the inside LMAO
Or rather that the odd key was inside the locked house
at least you don't have to do blockless :)
Did he erase them like we in dragon ball
@Pallos7 not jesus..... better. jesus 2
Yeah, I had to clip that cause that was weird. LUL
The ultimate battle: Twink vs Kammy Koopa
wait a min its not over yet
They should just add 5 mins 20 secs to the timer. Kappa
The salty runback was worth it.
Wow, what a PB. 11:46 PB, phanto274GG phanto274GG phanto274GG phanto274GG
now it time to save 6 mins and bop morp
Next is sub 3:20. You got this! phanto274GL
So looks like i have covid
Covid sounds like a fun weekend
How far are we to getting back Beanie Phantom?
meh feel fine shit doing nothing to me
It was a pretty big adjustment for me when you stopped wearing that beanie.
This shows how adverse I am to certain change.
Maybe, if you blow on the cartridge, the trick will work better.
I call it the toilet room because the flooding sounds like noises a toilet makes.
phanto274BLANKIES me rn (i drank a mikes hard so im feelin myself)
tho i keep yawning so imight be eepy and neeby to seepy
mario is confirmed jesus? walking on water
Thank you Mario but your momentum is in another castle
Doing good, struggling through 55 hour work weeks at the moment
It really doesn't, they're study after study saying after 40 your quality of work really declines
Okay, i got a lot to say on this
I have to do a timesheet too since I do client work, down to the 0.1 hour
There have been studies to suggest that working more hours is wasteful for companies and that working less hours yields better productivity
Several companies in Britain participated in a study that shortened work hours and found good results
Working more hours is terrible for the health of employees and creates a work/life imbalance
The study I am referring to was successful and had workers coming in for less than 40 hours
In my industry as a salaried employee we are required to work 2,350 in a year even though a standard 40 is 2,080
Ill post this in discord as well, but you will all appreciate this
I put the link in Art because I think the study is beautiful
You gave me a reason to want the run to die.
Anyone watch the new One Piece show? Curious of opinions.
haven't seen one piece since i was a kid in the early 2000s
okay this time i wish u luck on not breaking sequences that are major
sorry i afkd and missed if u responded to me
36 would require significant improvements to golds, no?
I saw you posted a suicide rando today. You should make a compilation of all the times you find Goombario.
We'll see if those settings get run for the one-off tomorrow
Anyway, we'll also see if I join the race tomorrow. I might be able to but it's been a while since I've done a rando and I'm also preparing to go out of town soon.
This doesn't look like a pit run? Jk
But... if you don't want ads...
When I'm able to catch your streams I'm always looking for the thumbs up like on yt. Silly me.
My ads said 1/3 and then they ended after the first ianJammies
set bombette and walk off and first strike the stone chomp
I mean one of your announcement things talks about avoiding the ads, might be good to have /some/ comment for that
When my prime sub comes back it's going to you :)
no major sequence breaks for the ads
what did I say that's naughty? keizaThump
sorry for making more work, keizaShrug
oh, um, sorry. I know why. don't need to make you feel uncomfortable.
i know weavile for long enough so i didn't do anything
i was quickly googling the message, so it seemed like i said a banned word
the meme of timing out chat members strikes hard
I was restricted in cats stream cause manado banned me in butters for few seconds
I dont even remember what the context was, it was nearly a year ago
tonight I had to give the screeching shiba a bath
its simple, do your duty and walk away, dont sit in it
Is it possible to go to flower field before chapter 6 by getting all the magical seeds or is one locked behind beating chapter 5
I still can't get over how good this game is.
One of the seeds is locked behind beating 5, yes
Does like kolorodo give you the last magical seed after giving him the volcano vase ?
the best part of pape is you get to dislodge goomba kings nut
uh, streamer, you skipped a check
Happy to be here! Good luck also!
I think I need to go get some stuff done, might be back later
Try equipping a Deep Focus to improve your consistency.
In the game, Deep Focus is a badge that increases how much star power is restored when you Focus.
But the joke was to equip it to you, not to Mario. keizaDerp
I feel like it would be a good category to help me just focus on trying to move faster
I have considered trying to run pape, maybe I'll give this a try
The consistency of that room is hilarious given how intimidating it is.
Do you think you'll be doing this category for a bit? Cause I can watch and learn from you phanto274Hype
What, no Yakkey cutscene overlap? keizaWut
I'm planning on finding a new apartment soon. I've kinda procrastinated... keizaW
Do you have a move date yet?
Is it a work thing? If I may ask.
The Invincible Tubba Blubba isn't so invincible anymore, now, is he?
I've been considering finishing one of my games and publishing so I can have some passive income.
Let me tell you, it's much more interesting when you have people to participate.
Not even just stuff with progress. I've been kinda bored with streaming since I don't have anybody to stream with anymore.
Rando was way more fun when it was a race.
I also have natural 100% tendencies, so I have a good reason to actually go fast when it's a race. keizaLUL
Gotta go. GL keizaLuck and 'til next time. keizaHey
oh wow, those emotes take me back
opening lantern with bombette is my new favorite thing to do in pape
i see your removed new speedrun
I am honestly just ready for "brainfried mode" - mental low be like and such + digging up dirt in terarria to place it somewhere = not necessarily fun
but for what I'm doin, kinda needed papeHands
Came back at the right time for rando!
nice Kent C Koopa KEKW activation of levitation
yeah i had a feeling u was gonna try this
that woulda been a funky toy box without bridges existing
so uhhh 10min super boots and 1fp powerbomb give / take
Oh wow, just in time for the rando.
Ah yes. You got mt mooned/town digging -ed again.
Yeah, but you said it and I was thinking you were talking about something specific within the rando that would determine that.
Glitch logic, ah yes. True chaos
Redeeming bad rng for Koopa Koot book being required.
Oh yeah, this seed is promising
This might sound racist, but why are they always green?
Weird. Is this on slow chat? Said Im sending messages too quickly.
playing heartgold in japanese and need a name for the rival...
I was the only one commenting so I figured it wasnt an issue.
Hiw about the classic My dude
how do you spell that in Kana?
I play lets go in japanese how hard could it be?
@pethanct01 have you seen how expensive heartgold is in english?
I have both Heartgold and Soulsilver so thankfully I dont have to worry about that
@axl_sr Phanto said you watched One Piece. You think its good enough to get a second season?
Well, who likes going uphill anyways.
I think it has a good chance but they have to tackle CG Chopper
cause I dont know how they would do that without CG
They could do it with puppetry
They have the budget to train a real reindeer or find out what would happen if they tried.
I'm honestly very curious to see what they do with Reverse Mountain up to Whiskey Peak.
I meant up to Alabasta, not whiskey peak.
yeah, with all the work and updates this game has it is very polished. I didnt start playing rando when it was first made public and ive already been playing it for a year now
do you have any vod from when rando first went public?
just to get an idea of how far it came
is that alpha? or after public?
you dont have any of those older seeds?
All chapter difficulties marked with 3 (4 by the time I finished typing lol) partners and none cleared?
even march would be be cool, im just curious to see how different it plays. I didnt play until after boss rush happened
was this all tested on jp or eng?
i know sushie glitch behaves a little differently when slopes are involved in eng
not worth, don't waste your time
it's only a credits warp so totally not worth at all
Have you done the Fice T cutscene on Sushie? I think I softlocked at one point accidentally trying to do that
Cool, wanted to make sure I wasn't crazy or doing something wrong
He gets down and then you can just swim around him
inviting tubba to have a taste
i'm sorry for making you read that
so sushie glitch can skip gusty gate?
i imagine you're stuck in blue station
i see what you're saying now
I think you just swim on/under springs but I can't say I've tried phanto274Shrug
i'd bet that's a crash lol
who would ever do that haha Clueless
gain that competitive edge for season 71 COPIUM
But what about Sushie glitch IN LOGIC in full entrance rando? Bet the devs will love to make that work KEKW
which emulator do you use? looking to play myself
i couldnt imagine going to emulator
Personally I use BizHawk if you're looking for a recommendation but I know there are some others that people like
I think BizHawk and Simple64 are the main ones, Project64 has some issues with Paper Mario
 what we talkin about? was zoned out
There is a N64 core being developed for mister which is that FPGA hardware emulation thing
He didn't lose it, it was stolen
Biggest question is why it was being guarded if it was already empty
koot ran out of space when he raided the fortress so he had to leave his wallet behind for the loot
what happened to the victory music?
i'm being schmixed right now i know it
i can't watch the vod wtf PepeHands
Just left the fortress, time to go to the fortress YEP
I mean, someone didn't want it to get knocked down by the wind
oh shit it's prologue i'll seeya later
I guess you got the stone block item earlier?
didn't even have to hold my breath that long let's go
shuffled recipes would be hype haha Clueless
Wait do we have Clueless now? I could have sworn we didn't
Eh, what does Parakarry /really/ get you that Laki doesn't
Wow, you are going to be so well prepared for when you fight the chapter 5 boss
Did we ever do an LP poll? I stepped away.
It probably would be better just to pick him up.
Movement there is definitely tricky in coinsanity
Especially if you're also avoiding the items
Which is unnecessary, not like Goombario is going to give you the cooties.
Oh hey btw you have a partner that you haven't marked on your tracker yet phanto274Smile
phanto274Thonk Marking him will admit he has cooties.
This part will never not make me laugh
The fact that it's a continual scream
Rare Bombette strats for this fight
And a shop as well for them.
Interesting that you chose no there
I would have thought leaving would be faster
Nothing wrong with the scenic route.
Can you glitch to skip Blue Key as well?
only found it by one other person but I dont think we need to talk about that one
yea that sort of Out of Bounds movement fels wild PrideLaugh
Looks like the other video is a different method using Clippy
from what I see, jcog starts fallin on a left til 1 pop back up, 1 small jump to the right, then another fall into holdin left straight (thats more of me guessing then anything though off of input display)
With Clippy it's possible to just jump between Anti Guy and the chest
pin it in your dms somewhere or something and ask her would be best bets I think then - not at all knowledgeable on pape 
What was that item. The box went too fast for me.
Maybe I need to go to bed. I'm having trouble following this.
I'm going to bed, might put this on the TV and fall asleep. Have a nice night everyone.
Because you can go to almost every dungeon at this point
I think it's only 6 that you can't get to yet
Did you already watch the cutscenes but softlock and reset?
BTW for ruins jump way back when when I did the math I didn't realize at the time that Pape was 30 FPS but BizHawk was only giving me frame counts for 60 FPS
So to put my findings in better terms, ruins jump can either be a 1-frame or 2-frame window depending on the angle
Perfect notched up-left happens to be in the 1-frame window.
Even if it's 6, the bean could be there
Welcome btw to @PhantomGamesBot we love our new viewers
around an hour each i had one like 53 minutes and another like 65 minutes
I saw its in their top 10 which doesnt surprise me with al the hype
M4 is doing a run ive never considered as a speedrun lol
I always assumed egg roll would be yoshi's fastest movement
Egg roll sucks, has never been good
thats good, youll be in and out
Not dropping star points when running away must be so nice lolol
youtube just randomly recommended me "how to aqua manip bn2" lol
yes, i dont watch bn on youtube
this video has 22 views, i think youtube is broken
okay i take that back, i do watch dirge... who doesnt watch dirge?
We've seen all 4 now, right?
just think of the potential youtube title though
Oh I guess you tried that, that's neat that that confirms my suspicion
Just checked bc I was curious, Mt. Rugged Bub-ulb has exactly one text box after the seed
Anyway, I'm curious if you could theoretically do Clippy on Mt. Rugged to dupe that seed too
I will say that I definitely don't have complete understanding what exactly Clippy is or does
good luck and have fun, icebound wants to race tomorrow and I dont wanna oversleep
Sup phantom - happy Friday !
Planning to use the egg bomb for Bowser or something?
I guess not Sadge but was that the plan
I mean there's an option for that
I want to say he had something but only early on
Just went back, didn't go through the whole VOD but the Sleepy Sheep reward was the Cookbook and a letter to Fishmael
Wait did you check those coin blocks
Anyway, as much as I'd like to stay until at least go mode, it's getting pretty late over here so I think I need to Bedge
Hey phantom - Im in chat two days in a row! Must be a miracle! Lol
Good luck (from airport) (no audio)
i'm thinking about routing ttyd64 and submitting that to gdq
as far as i can tell all the tech still works
i think no ace in this would be much, much faster than in vanilla
but too similar to what i just got in
i wonder if anything else was removed
i haven't run into any issues so far though granted it's bc i do the hard log skip
the pit of 100 trials could be an incentive
so right before you reach the window you want to jump while holding left, then go just up of left for a moment, then back to left, so you fall above the seam
then you hold down left until mario leaves the screen
if you did it correctly, you'll be right under the key. it'll take some reps
to get a feeling for where you'll land
i timed left to right in the toad town main room with 1x speedy vs 2x btw, it's ridiculous lmfao
Im sorry thats been happening to you! I hope you find something you like or twitch can be more sustainable for you to do full time
i'll wake you up when it ends
Whats your favorite line up of Genesis?
Been listening to late 70s Genesis. I like all the line ups though. Peter Gabriel and Phil Collins both.
i have 1 black GameCube with a sticky eject button that i am too lazy to fix
does the clock even do anything useful?
oh a game i never played
simpsons road rage have a couple cars you can use only on holidays
yeah hit and run is way better
i played pape zelda and dark cloud 2 as a kid way too much
Could yall imagine a paper Zelda. That would be so epic
2 is better 1st 1 is ok
turn based is the best rpg
i don't mind them some i really like
yo it's cool you are running NSMB
Another reset on New Super Mario Bros
its not a nice time for you
I unlocked gauntlets in hyrule warriors just now
its gautlets and the ball and chain together, from twilight princess. The weapon level 3 version is bow wow from links awakening
yeah they were diverrse with weapons
I used to watch Axel Larson do OoT runs and his stream is basically him doing the first 10 - 40 minutes of the game over and over. He rarely completes a run.
He recently practice the later parts of the game probably because he never completes runs for consistently
or Axl reseting 2 hours on doghouse
Point is that if someone complains about you not finishing enough runs. Just look at those guys.
a funny emote would be Lan with a fishing rod in front of the doghouse
we already have the fishing sprite from BN5
I used to watch more Axel Larson, but seeing the Well and kokiri forest over and over gets repetitive
Imagine speedrunning something like a Final Fantasy game
i follow a japanese runner that does FF16
Tbh, I am glad Punies exist. Was not finding TTYD interesting
i remember when persona 5 was 16 hours
I wonder how people do those marathons. Thats hardcore dedication
Btw I'm from the future and you set a new wr in this run
Oh yeah 14 hours is a much more reasonable time to devote to a run, sure
16 is too much but 14, that's like a coffee break
oh does this do bomb first strike in the pit
that last guy is stupid, i hate him
does "allows running ROMs to send an receive data from the host PC" mean crowd control on console?
love the streams/yt videos, thank you for the content!
what about your wallet that isn't fucking, is it crying also
looks like the person is gone
SPM 2P Any% WR! We got a 4:00:02 OMEGALUL
wait why is lucario restricted LOL
but like.... we don't have time :(
Doing okay! Head is slightly hurty, so gonna vibe. Good luck on the run!
it said i free him did i do it wrong?
but yeah 4:00:02 is still a really good run especially considering we both were doing things we weren't used to
and that was my derust stream LUL
Those weren't attempts they were just practice
funky NSMB paperLurk hope all is goin well?
assuming that nsmb was overall not bad?
I need a VERY stiff drink, or to maim someone
which reminds me i need to get that special fancy ad timer for my stream layout
i wouldn't even know where to begin to look for a tweet about it or whatever lol
whose history i missed that part lol
Hope you're doing well Phantom! orange188Comfy
I searched "ads" on your Twitter account, and think(?) it was the first result in your history
just dm'd what I found to you
i think i remember bits and pieces to figure it out on my own for myself. i think
though honestly given what all one sees as a viewer by Pape? yeaa
414 has to be the worst right?
we get a 3 in front
is the url for the browser source my dashboard?
and now i'll type in the code you gave in the image
curious whether I am derpin with this ornot: anyone likes to have their task manager open all the time their pc is on just to see if its behaving? 
last 2 years I basically had my 2nd monitor fed with HWMonitor, a ping tool over cmd and task manager KEKW
so like - temps, utilization, net stability on an always
only time i open it if my pc is like no u not closing this and i am  like oh yeah?
All the time no since it's only ever a right click away
guess my brain just became slight derp over havin had this pc go through heaps of weird shit which was due to bad thermal paste
wait dont you mean ctrl + alt + del -> 5 down on arrow keys -> enter? PrideLaugh
(to be fair, ctrl shift escape is great
I hope you're not countin any hotkeys that alt f4 shit KEKW
cus I am curious and would love to do them all KEKW
I have my windows key disabled 90% of the time
it brings up the emoji menu and you can also get kaomoji that way
"whats this emote" and "what did I copy before"
ngl, I kinda miss ctrl alt del from the XP days just poppin open the task manager as much as ctrl shift escape does the same now
i must've copied the wrong url cause it wants me to log in instead of showing the timer lmao
does ctrl shift escape actually works?
been usin it for 2 years to bring up the task manager, just was meming on ctrl alt del cus it did the same on xp
i now have the ad timer huzzah, thanks
now to tweak from here :3
hey its does i only know about the ctrl alt del way
if you know what specifically to access, windows +r is nice
huh? I may sound huge derp, but how does the fright jar affect ch6 when it happens in ch1
gotcha - and all that just to set the exp back to where the run needs it for the likes of hallway and final later
jr troopa up there and such?
tldr, exp + rng items = fun
he is my favorite character in this game
I don't have my glasses on and at first I thought that was Digitamamon lmao
hmmm now to figure out how to make the text not blurry lol
thanks! hope the runs are good
Better early game than late game.
Hallo Halo! I am finally back!
ugh i can't make this text not blurry
i just use the google font original surfer
changing the text size via CSS wasn't quite working
sorry for distractin' ya during a run with this
and now the joke is banned (time out)
i think pallos been time out like what over 9000 times here?
It couldn't possibly die another time, right? KEKW
Good luck on your run Phantom! How's your day been? phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove
You mean you don't love fighting Goomba King over and over? Lol
i need you to go to twitchcon btw
A glitchless run would even qualify for both categories!
ya, i got a run in, so they're comping a badge
So I was wondering, if I redeem a seed for you, are there any settings you can't stand? I don't wanna annoy you while you play
Hey Chore Buddy, GL on the runs. Grading cheese tonight and may do some homework as well. Rando Saturdays is no more?
I just found that amusing since Game Grumps never finished their play of that game
Oh right they stopped because of the hugely problematic chinese stereotype
I'll check out that hotfix for sure
Is that a case of making something politically incorrect that wasn't before they said it?
I don't know anything about that.
Okay, they gave the dog a bad chinese accent. Got it.
Dumbasses gotta watch that shit. It's better to avoid that kind of thing, especially in what they do.
They're way more conscious of that stuff now I think so credit for growing as creators
I feel that way about some older videos I made a long time ago.
Didn't mean to turn chat so serious
I don't think this is anything bad either.
Guess who got to work a load alone on a holiday weekend PikaPls
I've known a fair amount of racists. They aren't evil people, but those thoughts and being locked into stereotypes is still bad. They aren't violent or anything, but still.
I wanna die I get to go back tomorrow PikaPls
Those thoughts do hold back society
You probably mean he is an extremist
But I do get what you mean.
I have a friend somewhat like that.
Are you talking about the fat shy guy? Just joined stream
I'm glad youre getting out of there soon
I wanna get my hands on gourmet guy's gourmussy
But I really do not like some of the shit he says and he knows it so he shuts up now.
i went to restart my computer and it bluescreened and needed to restart lmao
Although, now he is in an interracial marriage so hopefully that shifts his perspective a little.
like it bluescreened while rebooting. and was all YOUR COMPUTER WILL NEED TO RESTART good that's what i was doing
It's inappropriate to deal with that in a workplace.
I don't think my store ever hired a new hr person lol
She quit and they were like oh well
break your foot off in your boss
on your last day since you're moving just tell him "fuck off transphobe" and leave
The change is you moving. That's all that is needed.
while i was rebooting they finally revealed that the last pack of DLC for theatrhythm is FF16 (which was kinda leaked already) and also later this year we'll get updates on 2 paid DLC packs for FF16 along with the PC version
Do you know when you're moving?
It's been a hot minute my friend. I apologize. When the time comes you should hit a walk off on the way out though.   Not my monkeys, not my circus style and let the wilds take him.
Well, this run will get to toilet room for sure.
This is the strangest prologue I've ever seen
I do have to admit, it is nice to live in a blue state like CT.
mine is purple, but more blue than red as of late
I live in Maine, its completely at will. So they can fire us whenever we want. I have walked out of jobs the moment I decide they no longer serve me. Everyone around me is hiring. Im pretty lucky.
our new governor is very trans-friendly
Well, I think Twitch is transphobic. Mirby's comment was censored.
I think minnesota is the only state that's NOT at will
so it might be on your end not twitch's
Everything is censored on my iPad even though I have it uncensored on my PC
I mean, companies always threaten, "we wont rehire you if you dont give 2 weeks" I recently was like, "you're making me do 4 peoples work and your a jerk. Peace"
I'm not sure how to turn off the censorship. I
Everytime I turn it off, it doesnt turn off
Well, when you are your own boss, that will be nice.
Point is, if a person's energy is trashing your own. I totally support sending out bird vibes and leaving.
I work 4x10s and I love having 3 days off. I
Oh i def get being locked in.
I wouldn't even bother saying anything to him when you quit other than you quit. If anything, you calling him a transphobe would just make him dig his heels in worse.
i was in the middle of looking for a job then covid said hi
My new role fell in my lap. Suddenly i woke up as a specialist for kids who struggle in school completion. Never thought I'd be there. I've never heard you trash a person. Honestly, one of the kindest people ive come across on twitch.
feel like a normal cold only 1 day i felt dead
What kind of work are you looking for?
There's a reason I try to watch every youtube vid that you post.
@pethanct01 no customer service job lol
Cheer100 here's to the eff your boss fund
I feel like most of the people in these chats are in customer service. Is that a bad perception?
Most jobs when you think about it are customer service
Almost every person starts in customer service in some form or another.
@Payneful_Plays There is a lot of truth to that.
I'm in customer service and it fucking blows! People always have something to complain about
I talk to 0 customers, but I was on the phones before this job I have
I'm in Accounts Payable so I am coming from the customer side.
i would totally work at Walmart over night stocking
It's great when you get to a point where you can work exactly as much as you need to maintain your mental health
I'm the villain of this chat.
over night stocking is brutal when they get on you about numbers and throws
im in the same boat, I did cold storage for 10 years. And im fine leaving that behind
I got stuck throwing pet isle every goddamn night.
"why should I care about this product?"
Not a team player, shame on you.
Be glad you aren't making millions of dollars slave
"You tell me why the CEO expects me to care?"
Is this product gonna magically drink a new I& or 40 series in my rig?
You should check out Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs
1 of my fav question in a interview is why do you want to work for us? hmm idk to pay my bills
christ... turn into an i7 or a 40 series
That theory is about pretty much waht you are talkign about.
billion dollar companies wasting my time drives me nuts
Of course you have no care when there is 0 fulfillment factor in the job for you.
Even as an educator, the fulfillment factor is tough.
Seriously though, chat and Phantom. Check out Maslow's Heirarchy of Needs if you have a chance.
I worked as an inhome support for years. I got paid 11 an hour. the company made 82 dollars every 15 min i was working in someones home. They couldnt figure out why i got annoyed
I think you know what you need to do with that safe on your last day
I won awards for being the best in my field in the state. They celebrated by bumping me to 12... then raising everyone else to 12... I started job hopping and letting competitors give me the raises I wanted.
min wage over here is 15:50 a hour can
min wage just jumped in this state to 14.50. I started battling people figuring it out.
Gas in Maine is 4.00 even... and people are strugglin
oh pog min wage is gonna be 16:55 next month
maine is ten years behind more modern states
Min wage is 12 in FL and gas is just under 4 here in Orlando. It sucks
its just jumped this year to 15 at some point. Im salaried at 43,000 (20.60 an hour)
I mean on the upside, I only do follow up in the summer. But the school year smashes me
Thats dope but I bet they ran you hard
Feel like that's a lot for both.
In this state they just started paying teachers at 40,000. You need a full cert and college degree to teach in this state.
I'm looking at graduating with a masters and starting for my level is around $75 K
Cost of living is high in WA?
Over half my check goes to rent
Yeah, i was in debt 82,000 when i graduated. I started out at 14 an hour post grad job. Was brutal. But we should all stop getting breakfast to save money.
I inherited a house and have no rent. Just loans I took out to fix the house.
I dont drink milk tho, too expensive
@blacktiger51 What's gas where you live?
I did find one for 4.86
yeah i don't go to those stores
Well, they always blame things on the poor people
Because we gotta keep profits high for stakeholders
my former company paid me 11 an hour while they made 328.. and thats just me
@pethanct01 1:63 a lt so x by 4 6:52
If i worked a full shift for a day I covered mine and 4 other peoples weekly pay.
how do you do dark room without watt, is there a monitor you would recommend?
Noone can tell me its the lowest level employee pay
For me, it is around 3.50 USD.
I'm glad I have family-owned markets in my area still
thanks early 00s ad campaigns for never leaving my brain
i wonder if thats possible with 2X pro
That's most republicans regardless of state.
i'm reminded of that idiot who was like IF THE MINIMUM WAGE GOES UP YOUR TACO BELL BURRITO WILL COST $38
like no. that's... that's not how this works
They scapegoat. the poorest people in our society for all the problems that are caused by rich people and greedy politicians.
republicans make me think of that one scene in Airplane where everyone smacks their forehead
Oh my goodness McDonald's is so expensive now, I got a hash brown I thought it would be cheap, it was 3.50
hows the run going so far?
I don't eat fast food anyways.
youre too young to remember that lol
its been a while since fast food was worth what it cost
I remember Subway used to sell footlong sandwiches with bread made out of mat material for $5
a mc double is 3 bucks
not after the hellish week of working there
I remember when a 5 layer burrito was $1
dude mcdonalds... in college it was 1 buck for 2 micdoubles. It got me threw... now its 7.33 here
i give up trying to type... god my last few are horid
Thank you... im out here just eating my drink basically
That 2% will get you everytime. The 1% has been Phuckin us for years.
Would that be a run killer if you were going for a PB?
See I was doing randos for a while, but got discouraged when I couldnt break 6:38 for over a month. I dk how you do it so fast. Its amazing.
It blows my mind that youve done it in under 3.5 hours
there's a reason all of the top rando players are all speedrunners
True, I just wanna get to 5 hours so I can stream it comfortably every so often. I hit hour 6 and Im dying to be done lol
I feel like everytime I see you do a playthrough; of any kind. You show me a trick Ive nevcer seen before
You should see him do rando.
Oh i watch them on youtube. Its wild
this game isn't quite DK64, but is very broken
i mean this game does have reverse boss order
yeah it's always scary, luckily I havent ran it enough yet to find out
@Payneful_Plays you should watch reverse all cards
retrigger prologue still blows my mind
60% of the time it happens every time
i did blocks today I never did before
ch7 clubba hitting you 3 times
it was so free, i blocked them all like 4 times ina row
does glitchless require crystal bit blocks?
What defines a major sequence break?
or skipping multiple story values forward
we rolled ch7 scaling. I equiped a 7BP defend+ just so I didnt have to block for free peril
but there's no like peach warps
chat, he is just holding the B button
now you know for next time
i wonder how that was discovered
Don't blame you, BHS is difficult as hell
real way sucks i don't blame you
i would prob do LZS BHS myself
if you could cut an entire section of game out, what would it be?
ch8 cause we already cut that out and I love it
its awful but i hate ch 6
this parakarry skip is the only one ive ever done
when i did my raphnet mapping for the race today I normally map start to C-up but I messed the command up so start was mapped to move mario left LUL
oh no now u at 1 hp
I mean if its there why wouldnt I try it
I actually do remember the 1st time I subbed to you
Cheer100  Now you can afford no?
It was when me you Jesse and Glenn played 3D world deluxe
aww 1 dollar doesnt do it hahhaha
Glad to support when I can
I like that noone calls twitter X, I laugh every single time
I prefer Twotter since Musk is a twot.
I can still search for Twitter on my iPhone and it shows me X
This music is a banger stahp it
Faces filled with joy and cheer What a magical time of year Howdy Ho It's Weasel Stomping Day Put your Viking helmet on Spread that mayonnaise on the lawn Dont you know it's Weasel Stomping Day All the little girls and boys Love that wonderful crunching noise You'll know what this days about When you stomp a weasels guts right out So come along and have a laugh Snap their weasely spines in half Grab your boots and stomp your cares away hooray its Weasel Stomping Day Cheer100
moles always makes me think of that song, thanks arie
I'm too lazy to move stuff but I probably should move 2 of these pcs
I have 3 at my desk lol
Spike...Lakilester is tryig wayyy too hard
in Japanese his cool name is Jonathan
obviously it's referencing the shark from SMRPG
what a cool guy name that is 2CoolJonathan
Lakilester is cooler than that imo
is there a pun like "lack luster" for his origonal japanese name?
Whats the item in the cloud area 1st screen in vanilla
thats is always cool to me when different translations have a pun or something
So the third most important badge, lol.
The game really gives you the most broken offensive attack in the game at the very beginning for free lolol
Little star man's name had to be twink didnt it
So what made you go with phantom for the channel and art?
my user id is from 2009
got my red re5 xbox 360 from toy r us for my birthday in 09 been my name ever since
My username is based on a sandcastle
@Pallos7 I thought it was based on a sandcastle called 1STAR
oh that Pokmon i seen that 1 like once
1STAR is a love live song that I likes a lot and made my tage for like 7 months
mine is from like 06 for OG Runescape
Love Live definitely is an anime
Oh thank god. I was lost after the Palossand stuff.
Will the real Kooper please stand up.
GoombarioLookingOutHisJailCell GenericPartner BomBet FlyBoys SpoopyGhost AuntSusan BabySun 2CoolJonathan
pre-crystal king fight song is a hidden banger
All he cares about is his PB. Donesn't care about music.
bowsers theme is a banger as well
Why does he just thanos them
I know a chihuahua named Bowser
I know of a Nintendo of America  guy named Bowser
would you prefer to have your potential time save at the start of your runs?
Thanks for the stream, have a good night phanto274BLANKIES
my fave looking strimmer on now. popesSmile majinSMILERS CarlSmile phanto274Smile popesSmile_HF popesHappy popesHappy_HF popesFlushed popesFlushed_HF
Yo next month is 1 year
my bday long passed and no i dont count my age. Lost track before pandemic.
2024 is my big 30 monkaW
I saw Sparkle picked up TP, he was in the recent GDQ Pokemon Colliseum race
I watched some comentary on the recent TAS. That TAS took 4 years to complete
if you dont have a ton of TP knowledge its a good watch
Like, this is a GBA game?
damn should of did a  predictions
i just picked up a call in case it was my dasher and i think someone tried to fax my cell
and now my ear hurts cause i had HIGH PITCHED WHISTLE loudly in my ear
in other news i keep not progressing in my replay of FF4 cause i just love the music so much lmao
does she get spook in this game too
the other day ice joked that he would resort to ankle pics to get him to twitchcon
so i posted a pic of ankle there
i just accidentally made an iconic FF4 scene funnier
i unequipped tellah of everything before heading into damcyan castle just because i knew he was leaving my party
now instead of the staff he punched the shit out of edward
YOU SPOONY BARD *punches 5 times*
Ah, so more Vaati rage, got it.
I was hoping this game wouldnt fall to the wayside. Nice to see this continue.
Well, you should get it back easily. Its not like you neglected the game outright.
better this run than a later one
Must mean youre going to either get the nicest Vaati 2 ever, or the worst
popesPOGGERS_HF majinPOGGERS franks69Pog minimi6Pog PogChamp tippiPog PogBones orcris1Pog popesPOGGERS marcoWin tippiWin marcoWin_HF
Your bot will sacrifice you boss so maybe those two weeks will go smoother.
Then off to Vegas to blow all your money on the slot machines.
I have a story you might like
did the cops ever find the guys?
At least no one was hurt.
Yeah, your boss is supposed to make daily runs to the bank. Did he do that?
That's different from what we had here. I used to work for a Real Estate company that rented out gas stations to suckers... I mean tenants.
They have to deposit the money themselves.
Interestingly enough, one of the stores that had no tenant, the company ran, poorly. The manager of that store was stealing money from the store and the district manager was letting her pay back the money as though it was an interest free loan. Should have fired her ass, because she kept stealing.
oh yeah uh we should decide on a settings string huh
if we get in i'll have to actually play the game again
yeah it didn't scan to me that you wanted feedback for some reason
i'd honestly be in favor of the "if you can do it its legal" except for like lp skip lol
that way i don't have to remember anything
i mean there's stuff i'd never do too lol
i'm honestly down with whatever, i just don't want to have to remember a long list or rules for just the gdq
i'm fine with this tricks list
i'll say what i'm thinking in the gc to maybe poke jcog lol
i'll do one of each rando this weekend for my submission vids
maybe 2 bc i'm rusty as fuck
yeah im just gonna pick the best one if i end up having time for more than 1 lol
whatever makes me look better at the game
i don't have a ton of time because i'm back at work finally
this assignment should only be 4-6 days but the last time i went on a 2 week assignment i was there for 6 months
i'm not assuming anything until it's set in stone
remember to always ask before you rng ma' nips
that was so solid im speechless on emotes and phrases
I mostly go by Mari a bunch lately willoButton willoLove
You know JCog and mx_four?!? :D I follow them both!! :D
@Coolmariodude mx_four sometimes comments here and Phantom regularly raids JCog.
think he selling blueberries but idk
i can feel at least 2 partners coming up
Could the race result in a "whoever finds Laki first" wins?
Okay im finally free from work, so I can actually hang out phanto274BLANKIES
Lol getting parakary early was good then
There's been no strife in this. Phantom's also been smiling through the whole seed.
Regardless, it's interesting to see this seed. A lot of the ease probably came from early Parakarry.
I'll try to make sure to donate during your run if you get this in. It's for charity.
Otherwise I may donate on a different run.
The two episodes of your life that you just put up on YouTube, I'll have to rewatch. That charity Pape run and Hell Minish Cape runs were really fun to watch live.
So really far ahead no matter what. Got it.
I would vote for the fight to happen.
Save the animals or save the frames.
I like seeing the strategy behind the fights, so I would say "fuck the frames".
I think that works for a bid war. Not sure what else you could do. Save Goombario, but the LP one is better.
yo tiger ty for the gl
i pb'd by 4 mins one and done EZ
I was curious. What do people here think of the stream Tomthinks?
What is the target time? 3 hrs?
I would say your worst case scenario would be 3 1/2 hours.
It was like one or two pushes away.
Jr. Troopa's most hated thing is speedrunners
Feels like a great introductory seed for those who want a nice easy seed to ease them into this insanity.
This seed has been generous enough, can't give you everything.
I'm guessing this will be the easiest Bowser fight ever.
Rethinking the "you won't be missed" now?
If an ultra shroom comes from a tree, is it infinite?
Starmie is not a baby, shut it bot.
What if you need that Bubble Berry? YEP
@MarioManTAW Let's hope he needs it.
That gets you a couple more chapter clears
I did a blitz seed a couple days ago and didnt find the ultra hammer or boots at all
Yeah depending on the chapters you're not guaranteed to find those
I had 7 but I forgot that I had the 7 bridges already in
You think you'll be able to get this into AGDQ?
Do you run in smaller events?
Would you be interested in doing one in November :P
If you want, I can send you details about it
Since I don't wanna "Self Promo" in chat :P
Would you prefer twitter(X) or discord?
Since I see both in your description
Kay, don't like twitter limiting the amount of people I can message -_-
K, I sent you a friends request since you don't accept DMs lol
This is why we can't have nice things. phanto274Cry
Ok, sent the message, you can read it over whenever
Well, you get to go mode the two longest chapters.
are you and Jcog doing separate submissions or shooting for a race?
I was relearning eevee tonight, previous attemps id die on pokemon mansion but today I got all the way to rival 5
im not ready to race axlsrCoward
can you link me this seed?
amazing how I can function on 2-3 hours of sleep on my days off, but I'm still sleepy when I get 8-9 hours of rest before work
I took Attack 9 in Death Mountain
just one of those days, can't get anything going. It's ok, it happens.
Yoo Phantom phanto274BLANKIES good luck, hope you're having a great day
after watching all your rando vods, seeing you run "vanilla" Pape and MC feels weird
no worries @buff00n I get my own name wrong half the time :D
I don't think I could ever speedrun one of these games where you roll/dash for all your movement
oh yeah, boots is different. I was thinking like Symphony of the Night where you backwards dash all the time
BN Legacy Collection is the most I've played my Switch in handheld mode in a long time
I'm tempted to get those joycons by Nyxi that are each a half GCN controller design
then they have a plastic connector to use them like a wavebird on its own
I need to find some speedruns that allow turbo, lol. Just to save my hand
I've talked myself down from getting Joycons and an OLED cuz the 2's prolly right around the corner
@buff00n Apparently there was an exclusive developer showcase for it at Gamescom
like me after P!, "Well, that P1 went pretty well, aside from dying."
@SeventyFourTG I read about that! My main question at this point if it is / isn't backwards compatible
I feel like it would need to be backwards compatible but we'll see
Apparently, your Nintendo account's usable on the next, so I'm assuming that you can at least download your prior games
There was a rumor circulating about the PS5 before it's reveal that it would be backwards compatible with every prior playstation console's games
that'd have actually made the PS5 worth a damn
Also next switch needs to have larger internal storage
the witch bottle is not bad
CBT all around on N64 Zeldas
the realization that I never 100'd OoT, ALttP or MM
its fuse quest for the last bottle
actually, I don't think I've ever 100'd a Zelda game
i was 1 bottle away from 100%ing oot i refuse the doing 10 big poe bottle
Have some time before my next class
i 100% zelda 1 alttp mm and a link between worlds
link between worlds is really easy to 100%
Is it ever worth 100'ing a Zelda game?
i was missing the bugs and poe rewards in tp
I thought you were playing Pokmon cause I saw glitch city
yo Phantom :) stream was good
marcoGL orcris1Wiggle beestGLGLGL majinGlad phanto274GL marcoGL_HF
my cat is insisting she'll starve to death if not fed immediately, so i will be lurking awhile. GLHF
the jabbernut should change the text from japanese to english
it's hilarious how gtting used to rando makes doing any room vanilla *the worst* LUL
the room for the boss key is what prompted that statement... not having Roc's Cape for that is awful
Honestly, not having rocs cape is awful
although with the settings i run, i almost *don't* want it to show up too early
I hate finding rocs cape early in seasons rando 
It means, Sword and Shield dungeon
"Oh good, i'm 7 minutes in and equipped for back-half PoW" NotLikeThis
love being asked to go in there with a bomb bag and nothing else for the first sword on Bombarossa maze 4Head
my settings just keep getting dumber NotLikeThis
i haven't yet, still catching up on  The Worst Seed of All Time
well, one of these days i'll turn on kinstones and be equally miserable LUL
after suffering through Pokemon Crystal Full Item Rando, though, even the meanest Minish seed seems friendlier
that's why i volunteered for another suprjeSellout
i swear i've heard it in another game
fewer now since i enable all Wind Crests
I'd rather Do the Dew (spring water) than these rooms, so i beg for at least Cane before coming to mountain
prefer Ring and Cane but beggars choosers etc
yeah, i'm going there anyway, but it screws with my end of base routing
it's been enjoyable turning dungeon warps on. love cutting out two useless rooms after 2nd key
and i like how it changes key 'logic'
learning how to do PoW back half backwards has been... interesting
lol ttyd i had to use practice codes to finish a run OMEGALUL
i got a bucket drop on yoshi in the middle of a boss fight (2 days in a row btw)
feels bad cause you can just guard buckets but skill issue
hope its been fun at least lol
link poke the rock should be on FFZ
ya theyre so hard to anticipate
have to be ready all the time
hmmm, ad didn't play for me suprjeWow
Canadian ads are worth less than US ads anyways.
There's your Canadian prejudice statement for the day.
In all seriousness, Canada has some dark ads. I remember seeing one with a certain type of whistle in it.
One to stop a particular type of bad guy that I cannot type due to moderation settings.
It makes sense to have those types of public service ads out there though, with the world being the dark place it is.
You should get a standing desk or one of those cushions if your back hurts.
My coworkers tend to have object that raises the monitors, keyboard and mouse on top of a regular desk.
standing desks: for when you want to make your feet and legs hurt along with your back. Kappa
I've never used one, I usually have those special cushions and that helps.
in all seriousness, my spouse swears by his, but long-term standing makes my back SCREAM
What works for one person doesn't necessarily work for another. Especially, if you have flat feet and bad support.
I am told for a good standing desk, you still need decent shoes/inserts/mats
I guess neither us will be getting drafted into any wars. They couldn't draft me for anything. Flat feet, autism, asthma; I got every excuse if they ever brought the draft back.
It would have to be civilian support or something. That's probably the most I could do
What even is the upper limit on drafting age?
I could see them playing with it if a war is bad enough. I think Russia has been doing that and I imagine Ukraine needs every man they can get.
Good to know, because in the time it would take to put me through boot I would probably be 30.
even if everything else didn't disqualify. You think -5 vision is bad enough?
They'd want Phantom for his Pape skills.
He plans out battles on a daily basis.
I've seen you kill runs on that trick.
oh, so apparently a -5 vision converts to about 20/600 or something. So I'm kinda blind
I'm just glad I don't have any wacky stigmatism or anything and don't need reading glasses. Everything else though and I'm worse than Velma.
They are built differently, got it.
That's about how different my eyes are, but the relative difference is outshined by how bad they both are.
Did the bot know we were taking about this?
I played it as a kid, and seeing this dungeon broken in half would please me
Pretty good, now do it again
I can't wait to see lillypads get totally ignored
just submitted MM hundo to gdq
yeah it's gonna be a 4 player co-op run
we'll see what happens, i only submitted cuz it's a group run phanto274Shrug
It still pleases me to see it die in a blaze of glory
I enjoyed Minish and 4Swords, but I always hated that dungeon in particular.
I figured something like that. Weirdness in Zelda games seems to come down to sequence breaking and scene flags
If the pegasus boots were in a dungeon I could see that changing dungeon order, but aren't they just on a bookshelf on this one?
I love emotes like monkaHeliWatchesWidePeepoHappySmokesWhileRunningOverCivilansOfChicagoAndFatDankPeepoIsAlsoThereToo just on the off chance someone doesn't have the extension
Did you ever meet Reggie Fils A Mech?
that is an emote name that exists
I know of Brigadier Mollosque-Lanceur III, Dauphin of Bubblaine
im doin just fine hope u are the same
oh that's a really free heal
@morpheus080 one of the many reasons botw is NOT a zelda game
popesPOGGERS_HF majinPOGGERS franks69Pog tippiPog PogBones minimi6Pog PogChamp orcris1Pog popesPOGGERS marcoWin tippiWin tippiWin marcoWin_HF
popesPOGGERS_HF majinPOGGERS franks69Pog tippiPog PogBones minimi6Pog PogChamp orcris1Pog popesPOGGERS marcoWin tippiWin tippiWin marcoWin_HF
Um, I think you can say that is better than decent.
I appreciate that youre not a hype beast, but you can be happy with this. PB is great.
sometimes all you need is time away from the game tbh
Its very good, progress is always good.
just woke up from a nap
How much do you think that saves?
That portal items was pretty good. You did it in one shot.
Thats a wait until you move thing probably
oh, i still have to go LUL
Good, you cant avoid him. I love it.
So it's just going that's fair
The pit is a good watch. Makes me actually want to give it a go
Want to see you get a slo go badge right at the start 
Back! Oh noo, I see Goombario phanto274Cry
I tried to go to a baseball game tonight and it started to hurricane at the 4th inning
Oh yeah, forgotten beers and popcorn were floating among the stands
We had to stand around for about 45 mins before the rain let up enough to get to the car but still was fun to hang out and watch the storm
My 1st exam is next tuesday
Actually it is, its gonna be fine.
What is that item between the record and the artifact
the thing you need to get into the forest lol
never seen in on the tracker till today
If only it gave you any keys
also makes it less likely that you have to dive 3 early
Have you ever had a moment where a partner check is vanilla
I just keep em on in the background
Be nice to Goombario, he donated during your charity run.
Generally I mean, this is a weird seed. Feels like you've been all over the place with weird reward.
glitch? that's how you're supposed to do it i thought
Totally how I did it in my vanilla play through when I was 6
wait, somethings wrong... what is this boss
bout time nintendo was trying to make money
Coke gaming being a cotton candy shake fits. I was thinking it had to do with being coked up.
Any of the games AVGN plays should be considered coke gaming.
that's why we discard their lives for extra jumps
Well, Ultra Hammer wouldn't be locked behind itself, or would it?
All that Goombario slander really killed your karma.
I think you should give up on finding it.
She still blocks this chapter, so fun.
He reminded me of my friend's basement dwelling roommate. A rather obese gentleman who was excommunicated from the mormon faith.
i predict bombette is in crystal palace
The badges in this seed are the complete opposite of last ngith's seed.
Should have been nice to Goombario, he made the badges bad because of the slander.
Who needs effort, I'll bet the third ruins key is in the ruins.
He doesn't need the walmart badge
Their low low prices can save him from the badges in this seed.
Even the chapters are scaled oddly. Seems the two chapters with the least fights are lowest in scale
IIRC you don't need Bombette either
I think you can just jump
Kooper can first strike too though, right?
I think you jump down from the table
i have a problem with my rando, i need a fortress key to get magical seed 3 and i cant get the 4th fortress key unless i can go to flower fields...i guess im done?
Okay nvm you probably do need Bombette
its in the fire dungeon room
The pit only requires 1 key
still new to rando trying to get my barrings
because you wanted it so bad
bombette in crystal palace is becoming a reality!
whats up dude how are u
u not gonna leave in the house u bought
sea of stars was the true banger rpg of the month
u still living in seattle right or near it
it's the perfect mix of chrono trigger and mario rpg
where u heading if u dont mind me asking
so u all gonna share a home noice
boo's portrait, bombette and weight, ALL BEHIND BOO'S PORTRAIT.
Can you still access Star Stone check?
yeah this chapter is never 7 scaled
omg u had a bonus stream the whole time
I've ordered Uber Eats. My driver's name is Brandon.
Brandon's really are a dime a dozen
well, best of bloody luck then
damn, that's a NICE Peach color
this is almost like a casual fight
The repel gel on the path to crystal palace
Would mega rush with the power bounces help?
Total opposite of last nights seed
Must have been on Laki or some bombette location. You cleared everything else
That Boos portrait location was quite wild as well
any time I can use Close Call I will
probably my favorite SFX from this game
im def not watching without audio
popesPOGGERS_HF majinPOGGERS franks69Pog minimi6Pog PogBones tippiPog PogChamp orcris1Pog popesPOGGERS marcoWin tippiWin marcoWin_HF
The schmexiest man on twitch is set to go in action.
good luck, ill be playing this later so ill just lurk tonight
i am ok. very tired. i've driven like 4000 km over the last 10 days
marcoGL majinGlad orcris1Wiggle phanto274GL phanto274GL beestGLGLGL marcoGL_HF
Convenient to have Ultra Boots early for combat but worth noting there are still a couple Ultra Boots checks w/o ch7
Did you start yourself with ultra boots or did you just find them that fast
Hey yoo phanto274BLANKIES str9ngLove good luck on your rando! How are you today?
What do you need the star pieces for
1 fp shell shot is busted wtf LMAO
I had that on my last run and I exclusively used parakarry the entire run
Also bc I got watt very late
1FP shell shot? damn, Parakarry's working OT tonight
Are you actually gonna FIGHT LP
Is the chest in the spike room a tubba key
Mario posing like he did anything
I got a pb in this game last night! orange188Comfy
Do I go on a walk
What if laki gave you dirt
Parakarry the main character, mario is the partner
TTYD question, is Bobbery the last partner?
oh wait i see pallos nvm runera3Leave
hello phantom i'm haveing a you today
also smh i said having with an e
trust your body instead of doing what you need
I'm 90% sure someone gifted me because I dont remember being subbed this long
Good evening, GL on the rando
When I drove a semi I would sleep in the truck listening to your rando runs, you saved my sanity across many nights
Hope the headache goes away, have a good night!
No sweat, have a good night, drink some water
I'm doing good, how are you?
Yoo drinking and pape let's gooo
in a destiny 2 raid so will be lurking  for awhile
this game is cool. played it for the first time back in like 2011
it was fun, played ultimate chicken horse with some friends
i just didn't have a gameboy growing up so once i got a smart device (iPod Touch) i put an emulator on that mfer lol
frustrated. so many idiots at work today
like one person who wanted to be connected to a dealership, named a specific dealership, and then refused to give "personal information" like their name and phone number so they could be texted. which they also specifically requested
then get fucked i guess? lmao
It's fun to work with the public
that'd be like going to a gas station and asking for gas and then refusing to give their debit card lmao
yeah i fully expect that happens
i was a cashier for years i'm quite familiar
I worked at a bar for a long time. I've seen plenty of idiots
fun fact: i had to deal with a karen in my first week as a cashier. we were opening a brand new restaurant so the regional manager was there helping. a soccer mom comes up and complains about the line since we just opened
she whined and complained about how it was a 5 hour drive back to southern california with 15 hungry girls and they needed food now and thus were more important
These girls came in way back and 1996 IDs and they were under age at the time and said they'd been served there before and I was like naw yall get outta here now
and the regional manager told her as diplomatically as possible to fuck off lmao
the main issue was we had customers ahead of her, and because we were brand new we were only using half the grill (it was el pollo loco) to ease into it (it was policy for new stores)
so if we let her skip ahead they would've taken literally all the chicken we had
and everyone else would';ve had to wait an hour for more to be made
so it's like... bad timing on your part lady we can't help you
I used to work at a tex Mexican place and she would always ask for all the extras on her shit and then bitch and complain about the price
the funniest thing i saw as a cashier i think was the person who came up with a print out of a coupon. they obviously found it on google images, it was horribly jpg artifacted, and all i could make out was the expiration year in the terms and conditions. the year listed was 4 years beforehand
that reminds me, when i worked at home depot we as cashiers were authorized to give up to $50 in discounts to customers if they asked (like if a coupon wasn't working or something) because it was easier to just shut up the customers instead of starting an argument
anything more needed manager approval but below that? sure whatever
of course we weren't REQUIRED to do this every time but if like a customer went "yeah that associate said this was $10 off" i could go "okay sure"
but if it was blatantly a lie and not a thing i could be like "nope"
"do you have a rewards card? no? get fucked then"
I was about to say my mom is old and old school and she still knows how to that at least
what's funny is since i'm with Nissan now sometimes people chat in with a problem about rewards points. those aren't corporate managed those are dealership managed
so i get to tell them "complain to the dealership lol"
maddy just brought up a good example. home depot somewhat recently changed how the veteran program worked (i was there when this was instituted) so it's via the app instead of on a card
this is so that spouses who aren't military (or people stealing cards) can't get the benefits
aka only people who fought for the country get the benefits
people did not like this lol
i remember one lady got so mad and a manager had to come and they basically went "bring your husband then?"
like as long as the veteran is there it's fine
that's why home depot changed the veteran program
i remember another lady was like THIS IS WHY I PREFER LOWES THEY DON'T DO THIS
i worked at lowes before home depot. they already were doing that
someone i know once referred to these funny stories we're sharing now as a reward for suffering through this stuff
I will say, when I shop at kroger I enter my moms number for the discounts and she buys gas there. I'm not benefitting besides the discounts
So are you doing mario after this?
Sweet. I'm putting off packing up the rest of my house so I'm using you as an excuse lol
Me either. I've got like 2 hours worth of work
I haven't really played a board game in awhile at least with adults
hell yeah, cold stone has pumpkin right now
imma have a pumpkin pie milkshake
I feel the same way about those things when running
I'm back what did i miss
mmm this pumpkin pie milkshake is amazing
I didn't realize speedruns of this game only took 2 hours
Vaati being a jerk as usual I see
I may not catch your other streams and have to rewatch but phanto274GL with them
What flavor did you get this time?
You can stay there just your stuff gotta go it seems 
They ought to be more upfront w/ what they want / expect of you
Me @ my roommate who was upset at my amount of storage in the garage but the whole house was her furniture?
If anything, it might give the new buyers an idea on those areas
My house isnt an Air B&B
I gotta go get my drink phanto274Jam
we encourage y'all to join the party
mate, I've done WAY worse combinations of food
I had a 4 loko once before they changed the recipe and made it less spicy. The pics of that night are infamous
thanks for the smiting, composer dude
Im drinking a peach flavored high noon 
Well I am a certified alcoholic but I'm quitting so this is my last hoorah
It was between peach and grapefruit so this was the better choice imo
Just detoxed in the hospital for a week and I'm moving in with my parents who are clean livers so I'll be clean too
Im not super interested in alcohol as a rule but Im finding myself in Vegas today so when in Rome
Yeah I've had a rough couple years and got too deep in the rabbit hole and my family alcoholic genes really ramped up
Well phanto274GL on the run got to do Sunday duties 
Funny story. Im staying at an air BNB and had a rough night sleep on this spring mattress. I complained and they installed a new mattress same day!! Squeaky wheel gets the grease
the game won't affect you tomorrow
you should've seen the black pit run i just recorded for gdq
i got some actual horrendous rng
no hurricane or spook until the mid 80s
stuck with bombette as my best partner until floor 50
every single up and away i used dinked
I used it 5-6 times and it dinked at least once on every use
also i tried to do a stylish on my power bounce at the end, only to find out i forgot the stylish timing for pb
so i charged all the way up and dinked cause of all or nothing lmfsdosadgd
and had to do it again
my pb is deadass like, 25 minutes faster than that or something
i'm planning on making hard a dono incentive
it matters if you don't see any super blocks until floor 85
I guess that's one way to do things lol
Get one of those drink holder hats
Did I say 231 I meant 123
I did get around to watching that Hotfix, what an oddly enjoyable game
I do appreciate when runners or couch point out the plot when it's otherwise incomprehensible due to language or skipping so that helped
i meannnnnn theres water in a four loko right? so you are hydrating yourself
i still need to try one
im more of a crown gal
I am under the influence of some vodka and delicious ramen. Then I'll take meds and most likely fall asleep. Good day imo
listen it was on cool down when i join
Are dungeon entrances randomized? I could sworn you were in ch2
I actually haven't seen that before phanto274Thonk
I am back with a cocktail
by which i mean rum inside a mcdonalds cup with coke zero
i have a can of coke
Apple pie moonshine, lemon juice, cinnamon sugar
Just do US Raph Skip YEP
where am I, who are you people
I did once, but then she stopped talking to me
How many dungeons have we seen?
Tempted to do a Crystal Palace pred
I honestly know nothing about rando but it's fun to watch
alright goin all in on this pred
I am in the same boat so I get it
after that 5 grueling weeks of Big20
Congrats to the 6/7 voters, 22.7K is kinda a lot around here
@TheTunnelingCat whisqChad thanks for the points
i just went made another glass
Wait did you remove the new speedgame redeem?
I could do vip again but im just stacking them up phanto274Jam
I waited too long ig lol
I will just save up to see how much I can save up over the next year-ish then probably
2024 time to speedrun Truck Driving Simulator
I'm like that even for games I am familiar with
watching him grind that game was wild
Off to Bedge but I'll leave you with a phanto274GL
have you seen Mega Man Zero? That whole game is manip'd
it's bonkers too. It's SO easy to lose manip too
pause the timer for a bit
it is super cool and I have nothing but respect for runners who can pull that off
I am not one of those runners. I can barely keep manip for the intro stag
Mega Man 4 is my jam
I am a megaman Xer only when it comes to music but powerd up megaman and forte and megaman 11 time force gear so epic
I got to the Wily Stages and stopped
Mega Man and Bass, isn't that just battlenetwork
how did the minish cap runs go?
@buff00n thats a lie i know u like green flamed bass
tbf, I played Mega Man & Bass on GBA, which has that Godawful screen crunch
hence, why I loathe that game
or you can play the SNES version, where you can actually see
yeah, SNES version is JP only
I bought a Super Famicom at ComboBreaker, and fully intend to get a Super FX cart
Streamer like this seed suck ass
could be anything, ill never tell
I'm catching up to ya, Phantom
whisqEvil i am under the influence of the dark side
@TheTrueClaw YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE, CLAW
aight im back, stupid pc lagged out on me
@buff00n catch up for me too
Phantom what you got your hands on
he's waiting for you to rescue him from his tower (idk what check that'd be)
cracking open another after this one?
i wonder if they make straightoraid
i have a gatorade too! glacier cherry yummy yummy
This is going well I see
did you give the pan back?
Good Luck, kick this seed's ass
@str9ngest9r oh hey there, how goes it
Noticed you seem alot more chill figured that drink mightve been gone phanto274Sip
get up, pee for 5 mins, grab drink, sit down, play game
Well don't let a chair stop you
i mean you do have an empty container... jk jk
ask boo shop for the bathroom
Koopa Koot, that man is a hoot
whisqChad forget even removing your pants, just piss your pants, its cool af
well now you have the pan lmao
A hobo died in there and you're waiting for the coroner
I love when mightykeef says "not legally but yes "
damn im gonna miss black pit, good luck on the rando and then black pit!
yeah i gotta get up early sadly
phanto274GL and have a GREAT rest of the night
Black pit gunna be interesting if there's another drink a happening 
Too soon? Does twitch hate money?
whisqChad where are my ads twitch?
whisqEvil POV a streamer is just running ads
I'm full of bad ideas, join the queue
Black pit more like black out
Just 1 more can will do the trick
the important thing about alcohol is being someone who can handle alcohol
You don't say it we will type it phanto274BLANKIES
Y'ALL WELCOME TO JOIN THE PARTY
we were playing some sun haven!
"anime stardew valley" is what sun haven looks like to me looks fun though
Hey Phantom who's your favorite xenoblade catgirl
I gotta run cuz i'm tired, but weeg will be here for a good bit, lol
so i'm night shift now, so my sleep schedule doesn't exist
cannot WAIT until this vod hits YouTube
so how drunk are we rn?
isn't nia the proteg for 3?
No that's mio, Nia is 2
@Pallos7 get it right, or ELSE
i still need to play xenobalde
damn, you're that down bad for Mythra?
Buff00n that's me get it right
Im down bad for Pyra, and I didnt play the ga,e
Its ok Rex was down bad for all 3
Id take that over Mythra constantly yelling ay me
so Mythra's when the game actually begins
Yo your shelf is so full looking
I like the blue tall one
What was their name, oh yeah, Wulfric
Is this run going on youtube
He doesn't watch good streams tho he watched jesse and eric
Pallos should stop invoking these bans and timeouts
Ohrocks it's up to you to unban pallos
I don't feel like it and buff00n is too drunk to hit the keys
its took me 6 month to get 100k in morp stream
I'll give a sub if he stays ban
@blacktiger51 don't word it like that
Im like what he say fuck me for
I did say I'd gift for pallos ban and they showed up at the perfect time
no that was a tier 3 unban him after the whole seed
all is right in the world
No he's crying and shitting rn but it's ok
"I would really appreciate if he unbanned you after this fight"
No we paid for this shit that was so short
Spent 20 minutes trying to get my earbuds working for this stream
I'm gonna redeem glundo if we can't get 10 more minutes of ban
This is the pretty cool tbhtbhtbh
I don't mind waiting. I know that a big task. LUL
ok me and raven will redeem 2 more Kappa
3 Glundo runs back to back? phanto274D
@Pallos7 Basically a 101% run of Paper Mario.
I'm at work so I'll spare Pallos
have YOU seen a koopa leaf modCheck
Have you checked the vanilla location
I think pallos took it we must behead him
Nah this is great i love dumpster fires
Phantom why did you pick this night to get drunk I have to wake up early
Pallos said "super preggers" in the vc just thought I'd let you know
Just uh he created life in 5 seconds that's impressive
you actually clutched that out for some fuckin SYRUP
I think goombario is up to something
what if that not really pallos?
@blacktiger51 poor judgement on their part(s) for being associated w/ Pallos
no, but bullying him is SO much fun
@ScrambledDragons Pallos know what he did
is pallos still timed out lol
Phantom what's the meaning of life
I see. So he's cancelled? For how long though? Kappa
I heard everything you said tho LMO
ME AND MY BROTHER DO NOT PLAY THE SAME
Pallos DEFINITELY taught his brother how to play Terry
Me every time I play him
He is my least favorite character in smash
Pallos doesn't like "cool" or "good" things
Phantom whos your fav SNK woman?
whos your favorite genshin impact woman?
Disgraced Paper Mario runner retweets on main
I have been laughing non-stop for the past hour
You should've played book of mario like this
I now have a touhou mouse cursor
Oh there's probably plenty of those
loveri1Hi this looks fun! How's the run going?
There's some milkers in touhou if you look at the milfs
I would get a hijiri mousepad
Ill get you that hijiri pad
Mega Smash shows up the INSTANT "Mega Milkers" are mentioned
Did you do fuzzies? Or does the house always shake?
wow that's a lot of settings enabled
Is this the worst seed you've ever done
I wouldn't say it's the "worst", but it's definitely not good. LUL
spilledGlue I can't add the one that goes over things without subbing to 7tv but I added this
Also btw Pallos8__ was an alt I made in 2 minutes LMAO
So is a cat dancing in that house
Koopa Koot is literally Eustace from Courage the Cowardly Dog
As we say in the business
why the fuck's this Toadette wannabe just standing in the middle of a desert
How can you fuck up that up
NOTED ban pallos i mean what
Crtl c crtl v was right there
Pallos at least tried. Therefore, it was an attempt
I see. Mods, you know what to do.
i have no idea how to do that
But if it's not deleted, this brilliant moment lives forever
fuck if I know how to do that shit
can't even do it while sober
She's just paying you back for using her services
WHY'S EVERYONE GIVING YOU THEIR POCKET CHANGE
Girl was like "have a dollar :)" and you smashed her with a hammer. Randomizer moment
" Phantom begrudgingly saves the Yoshi Kids "
It's a mystery vase. I wonder what's in it
Now imagine volcano vase gives you parakarry(if that setting is on)
Is this game another "physics held together with paperclips and a ham sandwich" type of game?
I wouldn't say paperclips. More like duct tape.
what'd you get, I was tabbed out
We saved Goombario that's all that matters
The way you got Goombario, didnt react for 3 seconds, the yelled, "FUCK" LMAO
We now have evidence of Phantom saving Goombario. Pass it around.
i was force to play more destiny 2 so i have no idea what u done
i dont know if you actually can do this now
so how does koot works in rando?
We still don't have the train? Wow
where did u find the 2 keys?
What are you up to this late?
Is this like the Zelda seed with maximum spheres.
Damn its late. I was hanging out with friends. I am surprised you are still going, but this looks amusing
tho that MIGHT be due to intoxication
Itll be funny when hes not behind 4 chapters
How did you do that in this state
When you say black pit drinks in the title.
You need to make that speech a youtube short
Frankie do you have Mythra in real life
so where did you find the 2 tubba keys
Take another sip of your gamer juice then check 5 again
Once you save the Yoshis, it'll all make sense
So you saved the Yoshis but didn't get the reward? How noble of you.
You cleaned that shop out. Wow! phanto274D
Parakarry's gotta be out here somewhere. Probably thirsty after throwing all the letters everywhere.
You actually have to go through the castle
after 9 was 14 plus shows
after 11 was 18 plus shows
But for me it was just Family Guy, robot chicken, american dad, and the Cleveland show
we had undergrads at like 11 30 at night back then
i was like 9 when i watch it
yeah around 03 04 when i watch it
lets see i was 9 or 10
Can you do the radio toad now that you have beaten more chapters
i use to stay up to 7am playing dq8 as a kid back on ps2 on a school night YEP
He does it for the content.
How many people did you say were in your graduating class?
Koopa Koot had all the goodies
oh I came up with a fire strat
And the last tubba key was in the middle of the desert
Fire Pop takes away 1 HP
so if bowser deals 3 damage with claw or butt stomp PAUSERS
My theory is that he had too many black pit drinks
It's literally a fire strat phanto274D
wait a min where did the other 3 hours go says u been streaming for 7 hours
I was wondering that as well
Poor Parakarry. All alone out there.
Gourmet Guy has Parakarry hostage. Calling it now
Its gonna be on gourmet guy
Hes been sitting on parakarry for the last 50 years
I can see why Parakarry was held hostage
but we having fun so its okay
This will be the greatest VOD ever.
What the fuck did I just say
turn off that pesky ad block
is that a wario color palette?
u wanna know what was on the fat ass
Its gonna be this one right?
I saw the title, I knew what I was getting into NiceSoftlock
wait a min jcog is not a vip
can i buy it for her?
Wanna see General Guy get one shot?
I just came back. Where was Parakarry?
Bc Iurk here all the time
tbh it probably didn't stand out because I have the check mark LUL
This is why Koopa Koot is the best.
when i looked at the log FeelsExhaustedMan
This is better than black pit.
you telling me 74 name is not really 74?
Wait I thought this was a subathon
I hope to one day see a Pape seed described like that hell seed you did of Minish.
Have some black pit drinks with it.
End stream and wake up outside
I dont think you can see in the future. You didnt have that many drinks.
I knew a guy in college that fucked a loaf of bread. Like American Pie. We found the bread after he got kicked out of the dorm for doing nasty things in the laundry room.
I got up to check somethign on my notifs before I sleep and I see that
i knew that was there lmao
I'm going to go pass out and pretend I dreamt that
@runeravenfp I will remind you in the morning
@SeventyFourTG Oh I sent that shit to jibca I will see it anyway
Can you handle using him twice?
oh wait he might now appears cause of your BP lol
oh okay he just says no LUL
Time to go three shot Bowser. Kappa
I have to watch the end of this now since I'm already up
The best science is done while utterly fucked up
This is the content Im subbed for
What gatorade flavor are we guzzling
Post Pape Rando piss is gonna hit different tonight
shit going afk might not be back
chat has spoken, your opinion is wrong jcogBan
Pallos is just saying that to avoid death
Blue is the only gatorade I've ever had LOL
I also like red but blue is better
That's all that's ever been bought around me
i had a blue 1 today
I've had other powerade colors but never gatorade
I shouldn't have said anything but I'm glad I gave you energy. LUL
I remember liking yellow, but I also havent touched the stuff in 14 years.
blue is the best but you sometimes can be in the mood for an orange
I already added that pallos but ok
I made a clip you can feature :)
How many times have I been timed/banned this stream
I know somewhere, somehow, 2 snowmen are alive and well, but they have no bucket and scarf to keep them warm. phanto274Cry
What advertisers wouldn't want to be featured on this
This is where we found out what the best catgirl was
This drunk pape rando is powered by stride esports
Sponsored by Gatorade specifically blue flavor. LUL
Shit won't be back for final early GG no sounds on phone
The damage dodge stays ON during sex
Damage dodge comes off during bowser fight
Thank you cats for adding sex
Damage Dodge during sex sounds counterintuitive
What happens if you turbo charge during sex
I don't, but I want you to make it anyway KEKW
Your ass is NOT blocking wave
If you do I will give you 5 dollars cash next time I see you
okay now imagine if you had a fire pop PAUSERS
If only you had Nutty Cake
I'm so ready for you to lose this
We don't lose. We always beat Bowser
If you lose please terribly edit in a winning bowser fight to the end
Edit a winning bowser fight with pb pace
how's this rando been going? :D
also I hope you're well peepoCozy
Alright now I have to never see you again so I don't have to hand you 5 dollars
your bowser comes with 198 health got it PrideLaugh PrideLaugh PrideLaugh PrideLaugh PrideLaugh
they NEVER woulda redone that in TTYD or other games where you get say shadow queen with what, 300 health? PrideLaugh
I think another four loko would win the fight
Yea I don't wanna owe you 5 dollars
i wanna go to Bedge but i cant yet
Give bowser a 4 loko and the  he'll give you the star rod for free
Are all 4 lokos like that or did you specifically choose a good time
that sounds spicy - most likely sugary also? skyysoSip
Raven is trying to kill you for that spot at Jesses place in Vegas
My ass is NOT living there
time for a 3rd 1 PAUSERS
You need at 2 no 3 blue gatorades
We just gotta figure out how to get more gatorades phanto274Thonk
We can get sub 5 hours guys lets go
A truck you say. Was a pink elephant driving it?
I NEED TO SEE THAT NOW
Now you can block 2 booty bops to get peril :)
Damage Dodge stays on during the Bowser fight.
hey he's at 62 health! suuurely there's not 161 remaining and the game just lies about it PrideLaugh
It's in mine too but idk how far it is
I think those are the dumbest people alive
but pallos was that this run or another one skyysoSip
Sub 5 is within our grasp chat
PrideLaugh I legit dunno, and I shouldnt have problems with this, but I didnt pay attention PrideLaugh
lesgo, bowser showing 159 health total
I lowkey forgot that he only heals for flat 30s, so he total comes with what 189 only, not 198
See? Bowser always had 198 health. The devs just had to wait for the player to do enough damage for Bowser to tap into his resources.
I don't think you're going to win
Can he only heal 3 times?
Be like Peach and pray. phanto274Bless
just my brain thought he heals for a 3rd of his health instead of 30 each PrideLaugh
3 quarters of the way lesgooo
4 lokos cannot handle 3 heals
you definitely sound like this was a good evening though nichiyCozy
this is the greatest bowser fight ever
It'll be like a sleepover. :3
I was hoping it would mesmerize you
oh my god the music synced to the star rod
JoelPride ffzCursed what is this PrideLaugh
ahh, it just applies a dark shader PrideLaugh
He should have 16 lokos instead
If you're watching on YT follow the twich or we'll get you
                
I still love how Gourment Guy tried to eat the Huff Guy
what the fuck is the paper game
this game has 1 category and only a single runner has ever played it
and their pb is over a year old
i learned a new game this week EZ
gonna try bhopping in mw2 for a bit
its like half cutscenes and half swinging your mouse around its great
that's exactly what i would've named it
maddy's watching the direct now since they're home from work and i somehow overlooked something
MvDK has one of the funniest GBA things to me
I thought Snowman Doll did 3 damage
Watt is my go-to person against Bowser
Because you're guaranteed 4to 5 damage each turn with Watt
Then, tried Kooper and Bombette and they're ok for Bowser
Against final Bowser, Watt does just as much damage as Parakarry Shell Shot, right
is this really chapter 4 though? it's chapter 1 scaled
The chapters are scaled randomly between 1 - 7
Mixed up might be a better term for it because each chapter scale still exists, just mixed up through the chapters
"When in doubt, desert" seems like a decent rule for this rando
was waiting to speak until i could think of something clever to say 4Head
sorry, what? had an explosion in one ear (game) and a cat meow in the other (RL) ...well, now ads, so don't answer that LUL
Mvd is trying to use you to kick pallos' ass in pokemon
Did Peanut Butter Gamer have a scandal or am I thinking of the other guy that used to be in Game Grumps?
ok, am back and can hear again, did you ask me something?
have learned that I truly despise Pokemon rando, so it's a pity i have to play more tomorrow DansGame
still, the nice part is that it makes a 100% Minish rando seed seem tame and friendly in comparison
I had a bit of a non-comedic breakdown last in my PC: Full Item Rando.
instead of going forward and completing the 30 checks in Kanto, i was *apparently* supposed to go backwards for one check.
and thus I was blocked out of Surf and Surf-locked Fly for 3.5 hours
got so frustrated i had to turn off camera and cry a lil bit :|
not sure if hints would have helped tht situation LUL
the fella who rolled me the seed swore it was nicer than my first one, i almost completely lost my temper with him when he came in close to the end of stream LUL
"Oh, but if you had death-warped!" NO.
i had thunderpunch and earthquake as my only two attack moves on my Espeon. it WOULD NOT learn anything remotely useful. I had one ether. I HAD to center all along the way.
anyway, one more seed and i'm free.
sadly, i do have to think up another cash incentive now. I thought a seed or two a month would keep me producing income, since people keep throwing cash for it
Arent we all supposed to be mindless zombies watching a gut play a game where the characters are paper?
but it's too hard on my mental health suprjeSad
I have very verbally disliked Pokemon for years, which is half the reason my community wants me to play it
variety rando streaming tends to work out at least
Im not complaining about the pape randos. Those are always entertaining.
You gonna do a drunk rando again?
I did a lil drinking today during stream LUL
You dont seem to be the type to say racial slurs when youre drunk so I think youre good as far as twitch goes.
tbf that drunk seed was very bad
i had one beer left over from a party last night and thought "enh, why not"
I never drink alone as a rule.
i'll have to check it, yeah. PM or MC?
thirst52Notes drunken Minish Cap hell rando = incentive for me
Weed is a different story though
i tried doing one for oot a few years back
You can always do a MM-ZOOTR
well, he's never made the greatest decisions
you know phantom it'd be really funny if you just removed him from the tracker
oh i meant like permanently but this works
we sacrificed Goombario to the Dark Lord, for luck
i swear, it's usually better to have lower blood pressure, but what do i know
I just hit some nasty fucking shit this kof session
The power of spite powers my athena
This is gross to look at
Can you make a subgoal to put him back on
every time i hear Bombette hissing, i think it's something from my game and i freak LUL
He has three empty slots, but at least two were at the end so it was excusable, but thia
This is disgusting to look at.
the zombies hiss when about to attack sometimes
that would also be alarming CaitlynS SSSsss
You have hammer charge, use that.
if you have hammer charge, you can try skipping it on their heads with hammer throw to emulate power bounce
Makes no sense to charge for less damage than youwould get for just attacking
we heard you like fetch quests, so we put a fetch quest in your fetch quest 4Head
is this the cloud person equivalent of twerking?
Have you dipped the fortress yet?
Did you ever get sub 7 on TTYD? I saw the one vod you posted on youtube, but nothing after that LUL
would like to see some new content as well
When is the next crystal randomizer? bertof2Hehehe bertof2Leoooo
Gotta get back to work :( enjoy the rest of your stream bertof2Love
like making ch2 and ch3 less of a pain i nthe ass
the smrpg remake looks so sick
the extra boss fights in the end game are so nice
well, 75 still works, but 76 is what any% usually does
your bot is kinky as fuck
probably mine, for all the sex crazed messages i post constantly
sounds like a good video title
"Bowser, All You Had to Do Was Be Normal"
thanks for the content! suprjeLove LuvSign bashat2Sign
goodbye forever and thanks for the stream
I just got a twitch pay out
I have gotten like 2 pay outs ever
I just got the email an hour ago
The 1st stream I got affiliate my unvle gifted 45 subs
did you lock in the xenoblade amiibo?
He tier 3'd but gifted 45 subs
I want them but i missed out
i feel like playing Fzero 99 says "we want more 99 games" rather than we want Fzero
It do be a sham emote, specifically demi fiend from smt 3 nocturne
I used to call mobile games "time wasters" now that how I feel about 99
The art director of F-Zero made art in celebration of 99
I'll put in discord so you can see it later
phantom, are we canceling mario party for demon slayer party now?
only if it was n64 mario party on emu net play Sadge
If only N64 NSO was better Sadge
playing on switch is just too convenient
did switch ever add mario party 3?
Im surprised they didnt remake Super Mario Pinball Land KEKW
that's a cursed ass game axl lmfao
damn, you hate to see it
They couldn't get the not Baja Blast
well lets hope it goes well, no reset today!
minish cap slaps, I think it's really cool that you're running this ThankEgg
yeah I was really busy the last time you were running this consistently, so I'm glad I get to chill and watch this time
Who the FUCK orders TWENTY GODDAMN PIZZAS
Businesses should schedule the order in advance though, as a bulk order
When I worked in a bakery, we had people asking "oh yeah, can we order 8 dozen donuts for today?" like, uh, no
@verifiedlinguini they did, but our oven isn't built for that quantity, and we have to deal with other orders in between trying to make sure 20 bloody pies don't crash into each other
there's nothing stopping someone from just walking up and order however many pies they want
Costco does its damnedest to not tell a member "no"
can i have 69 pizzas please
yeah, what's your place of work, and can I order 30 pizzas in the next hour, thanks?
If you want a curse upon your bloodline, yeah, you can
420 pizza for me k thanks
@buff00n joke's on you i'm not having kids
i never had costco pizza before is it good?
it's "good" solely cuz it's a reasonable price
you're telling me costco ovens aren't bult for bulk?
i been to costco once with my friend and his mom
even safeway ovens are build for bulk
that's true, their deli is built different
gonna leave stream on in my pocket
does your safeway have a high turnover rate too?
see i thought it was the other way around
we couldn't keep people in the bakery for more than like 2-4 months
what threw me off is i knew about Fry's Electronics, but a different Fry of the same family has a grocery store chain here in AZ lmao
i used to go to a Kroger-owned store (foodco iirc) when I lived in SF. it was a short walk away from my place
one time as i was walking home the bags ripped and a nice gay couple on bikes helped me get my food home. good times.
wow that's.. an unfortunate name? I think?
a W so big it lasted generations as the family surname
i caught a yanma right away in the new Pokemon DLC and named it Pesto lmao
wow, the game really did just say "slugma balls"
shame no other game has used it ever
"Pokmon Scarlet and Violet are perfectly functional, you should just be lucky."
But I watched Jesse play when I came back and we tried to tell Pallos about game making
The bot mentioned Jhawk so it's very important
Why are you always in a rush?
Probably will get better returns on them if youre not rushing to sell them.
Probably not much more than an hour or two.
Yo, Phantom. How's the run going?
You quitting the gas station with fiery or professionalism?
coming up: the hardest miniboss in the entire franchise
wait do you skip that miniboss in any%
the darknut you just bop off the edge
well in any% it's so easy you just don't even fight it
i dont think there is any quote bad bosses but VAL the run killah.
2 coworkers who are friends [citation needed] started beefing in the middle of a rush and made things VERY tense and awkward in addition to making the dinner rush needlessly difficult
shoot me in the face or pour me a stiff drink, please
shoot the customer i have while you're at it
never have i wanted someone to die as slowly and painfully as possible as right now
like dude i can't make an option magically appear on your radio just fucking deal with it
neither could I, I'm on Audio Only
Should I get alcohol for Black Pit?
thank god the chat is over
@mirby_studios nothing like people making you want to melt into the floor while you're on the clock
Im out sick from being overworked
I'mma be miserable Saturday, but I might be grabbing grilled skewers with my cousin on Sunday
grilled chicken with green onion goes CRAZY
Panels arent rando so its fine
yes that is what happens when i jump in a river too
Mario has this falling dream quite often
you just fall right true it
Just love a good game of paper mario 64
I tried to clip the life shroom thing. Second clip I took of a life shroom trolling you. I got the one the one that ran from you in the desert town.
I dont know of any of those clips have usable material, but I take them and out them into your discord just in case. Also got Materpiller screwing you and the thing with the shopkeeper in links awakening
They might not be interesting, I have no idea. But, if you can find a use for them, then the possibility is worth the clippings.
Those are hard to find. I dont know how they work. I would do some research if I were you. I mean, you will have the time with the move to full time streaming.
Its good that you are moving forward.
Of the ones I clipped, Id say the shopkeeper one is the best one.
Ive seen some people stream on both platforms at the same time. You thinking of doing that?
if you're not already big, youtube streaming is way harder to grow on than twitch
oh shit it's time for spiny surge
especially in lcl, that's free exp
Eh, I tried to get the end of the LP fight.
I like the restriction, means you cant do to him what you do to poor Goombario.
we can get 10 Life Shrooms? ironic
I'm still so star struck by TTYD
Like I wasn't even this pumped up for the Xenoblade remaster
It was, but it was also way more expected. Never in a million years did I ever think TTYD would ever get acknowledged by Nintendo again
I just pre ordered the Noah & Mio ones
I don't have many of them, I just want all the Xenoblade ones
I did not know that about them
Then you bought it from them
God damn that's such a steal too
To me that sort of collection stuff doesn't matter, like I get it, but still
Paying x amount of money for a number you can't see is whack
Think of all the Taco Bell you can buy
I always wanted a Wii U one of those of all things
Been watching youtube vods for a few months. Found out about pm rando because of your race with jcog a while back
Gave me something to do with my sister, we've been doing some co-op randos together too
It's an interesting way to shorten runs for sure. GL btw
Hello! I just wanted to pop and and say the randomizer tracker has been super helpful and still figuring out some
I was nervous to try the randomizer but the beginner isn't too bad. I'm just slow lol. I love sushi and this level
How long have you been doing this?
I think I started watching you in late 2022. You were doong pape runs, this and Pokepark.
I hear that a lot with the 2020 streaming but I guess I didn't know it was that new. Still extremely cool and I can see you put in the work too.
If that was third place, i think I saw that. You didnt seem happy about getting third.
Am fighting the urge to acquire the Devil's lettuce
I forget about spinning sometimes when I talk to cool peeps lol
The epithet on your grave will be i may have gotten first place, but I couldve done better
Can't be perfect all the time right, you're committed and good at the game
@0b1jc0b Thanks, I forgot which was which.
I'm excited to see. Do whatever makes you happy!
Well, I think things will change once the move is done and the wall is new.
I wanna get good at the randomizers I think
I do that a lot lol
How about star stone on cloudy climb
I have to get all the quizzes quizzes for mine and I've never done that before lol
Oh nice, Ive been wanting to see one of those for a long time.
I only really know of two solid places to look for him... no 2
Scrambled is a gentleman and a scholar.
I suck at typing fast on my phone
No, I just comment on this one.
@opalounge Not a streamer. Im an Account by trade. Getting my Masters at the end of the year.
Oh neat, always nice to support others
I try to do that all the time
@pethanct01 congratulations! That is a great accomplishment
I want to do the same
As far as Phantom knows, Im just a random watcher that comments and occasionally annoys.
Just want to make sure I'm doing the right profession
I have a bachelor's in psychology
That is a hard decision to make.
So I could do a lot
Psychology should be in demand right now. Seems getting a Masters is important for that profession, but dont take my word for it.
I don't even have a degree
@pethanct01 I very much agree and want to help but I'm only one human and I'm afraid of burnout
College is complicated. The problem is people going for degrees before knowing what they want and having enough experience to figure it out.
not that I didn't try, mind you
I originally wanted to do therapy but idk if I'm cut out for it
The therapists on my street often say they need therapy.
My father was a drug and alcohol counselor and that seemed to work for him for the fee years he did it
I know I can help people because I am open minded and kind. And I've already had people get mad at me as an employment specialist
Expecting me to do job placement which is not common
I feel that the one big thing you need for a profession like psychology is experience, especially life experience
@pethanct01 I have a lot of those experiences actually
Because they don't want you to share too much
Your dad sounds like a nice guy
I would think in terms not of sharing but empathizing.
I've worked with people who have disabilities too and I want to advocate for them
My Dad blew his brain out on LSD which made him very good as a drug and alcohol counselor because he had that experience. He was a heavy drug and alcohol user in the 60s
@pethanct01 for sure! You seem so nice and I believe we gotta take care of each other. I have a discord and a passion for mental health if you want to talk
Maybe, but I am mostly in Phantoms channel here and very rarely on Discord. Always willing to lite up Phantoms chat.
I'm so sorry that must have been so hard. May I ask what blew out his brain? Like how he describes it? I'm curious
Because I hear in small doses it can help people maybe but it's hard to measure
LSD stays in your body and he had a flashback that resulted in a nervous breakdown. He has to take valium every day to keep himself calm
He probably was not doing small doses, but he says it can happen with anything like that. I think microdosing with shrooms makes more sense.
I heard it stays in your system but I need to look into how I guess. And do some research so other people can be informed too
Yeah natural stuff like shrooms is a good start I think
@opalounge That would be a good idea to research that. Dont take what I say for fact because I could be wrong/inaccurate.
Im also generalizing a hard experience my father has. The only person who can give those details are him, but I would not trust street LSD after what he went through.
It sounds like your dad has PTSD but I'm not sure how the acid affected that
Bad trips are definitely a thing
I heard they can change your life
Possibly, never heard him call it that, but the logic isnt exactly wrong. He definitely had a bad trip though, through a flashback.
I believe it, I'm sure his mind may have been expanded in a way without his understanding
@opalounge My father would agree with that.
The bad trip thing I mean.
PTSD is more common than people realize
I think people usually associate it with war experiences
They do but it can associate with any trauma really
But it happens with any violence or trauma, right?
mines is from childhood trauma Sadge
And we've all been through trauma
hai phantom jcogLove glglglgl with rando :))
Id really like to educate others on mental health and tell everyone it's okay to feel feelings
I dont think Phantom would disagree with that and I dont mind giving my opinion.
People can be extremely mean though and that's what ruins it
Guys weren't taught to feel emotions so they don't know what to do a lot of the time
There is still a lot of stigma about getting a therapist, but I like to think of it similarly to getting your car tuned up, except its your mind. I very much needed it during covid as well.
But I think many are trying to catch up and understand
And many do understand and are strong minded
There's a lot of women that also struggle
The social stigmas are strong with it
Just people being people, I shouldn't throw gender in but things were different growing up
What will this guy shit iut niw
Everyone can learn to be a good person
I was commissioned by someone to make them a plushie, they live in The Netherlands
I make, pack, fill out customs forms and ship it out
I periodically check on the tracking
I just want to understand people who are physiology not like myself
So it goes from MD (where I live) to NY to NL
Social norms are a thing the US and I want it to get better
@allegrenix You get the insurance on high dollar items
Then it goes, back to the US
Social norms are weird.  They are fun to break sometimes
And NOW its back in the US
Ive been to New Zealand, there is no problem
They definitely affect us at times in different places
It is, thats where they filmed the Lord of the Rings
It was an itty bitty Eevee
Do you think it evolved on one of those trips?
Sorry if you guys didn't like my gender comment. Gender does affect social norms and how people were affected by it but I'm happy we're trying to take care of each other now
Youre fine. We just are talking about the eevees world trip.
I was thinking leafeon for some reason
It would be a flying type
Seeing how much is has flown already
I love Togepi. I am sorry if that's basic
I wonder if they will make the rest of the typings for eevee evolutions
Figures I would like the weakest typings, grass and ice
@pethanct01 thanks! I am all about them and grass types
I might come back to Scarlet for the meta
Ive always like Venusaur and he seems to always be in an okay spot.
I don't know all the pokemon but got back into Pokemon go
Ill wait for a not broken pokemon game, which means I wont play the videogames for a long time.
if you complete the Kitakami dex you get a charm that gives you more Tera shards. still annoying to farm but at least they thought of that a bit
Oh I know where the plushie will go to next
i also found an area at the top of the region that just has tera shards aplenty just sitting around
Im a noob a lot of the times with video games
you use them in the new pokemon games to change the tera type of your pokemon, which is the type you become upon terastallizing (the gimmick of this generation)
yeah 50 is a bit much
Do you guys feel like games are getting easier? Or does it depend on the game?
if they're easier it's because we're more familiar with them
and the QoL features are nicer and friendlier
Good thing you got that calculator
no longer need to remember what pokemon is what type, it tells you what moves are super effective if you have them
That's why we play hard games now huh?
and the Exp All being forced, as much as people hate it, makes teambuilding less tedious
I prefer exp all, i hate grinding levels
like if half your team is underleveled and the other at level despite fighting every trainer, that's not actual difficulty. that's just requiring a tedious grind
Ive put down so many rpgs over that
Challenge(s) should be fun, not a masochistic way to prove you're "good"
I do have to admit, the gamecube games had good battles.
I need to replay kingdom hearts 2
maddy just reminded me, there's an entire Doubles thing apparently in DLC2
I feel like I should start over to learn the controls
Or maybe you guys know each other and I'm misunderstanding
Are you excited for the new paper Marios?
someone made a fake boxart and added NEW FLAVIO MODE on it lmao
do we know if it's a remake or a remaster for sure?
the world is all papercrafty like in newer games, so
you get to play through Luigi's (mis)Adventure
which i'm all for, i love that aesthetic
I just like to talk honestly
Miyamoto must feel sad. The characters have depth
I hope the story is good
I love that they have reactions in the remake versus "!" in the original
the implication is that vivian's sisters bully her because she's not a girl
and that's why they're so nasty to her
if vivian says she's a girl she's a girl
but being trans wasn't as... socially acceptable in like 2003
That would be interesting but I'm here for it
nowadays though? less reason to remove that
birdo was a somewhat one-off in an instruction manual that could be missed. vivian was a storyline in a dialogue-heavy RPG
Do you think that mario will still receive mail on a GBA SP?
I think I would have to look this up so I understand the backstory. Considering One Piece is huge, I would think trans people would be a big deal.
I don't think Mario should be sexualized too much but it's cool if people want to love whoever
one piece only has 2 actual trans characters and the arc they were in is over
so they're not quite as prominent in the story now
I meant trans people would not be an issue
@OpaLounge a character being trans is not sexualizing the game or mario
Oh really? I thought they would have made it a switch
common in old shoujo's like sailor moon/ccs/etc
trans isn't a sexuality either so "love whoever" isn't really the right phrase lol
Kamabakka Island is in the storu and there is a lot of gender themes there
true, but it's still not as clearcut as kiku (trans girl) and yamato (trans guy)
fun fact: the dub VA for kiku is also a trans woman.
Just wait 5 years amd read it when the story is ending.
never got into One Piece, and I'm sure as Hell ain't gonna get into it now it's 1000+ episodes / chapters
I have respect for others and even if I don't fully understand doesn't mean I'm not willing to learn
All humans are welcome in my life
Whole cake island is the best new world arc right now.
Egghead is becoming a stand out as well
@buff00n i have the perfect comic to reply to this with
I just want to be respected is all and take care of others
And I enjoy watching your streams
@mirby_studios are you trying to kiss me
May I any tips for the randomizer?
it was mostly everything but the last 2 panels and sentence that are relevant
I know the game fairly well but sometimes don't know secrets
why is he still on the tracker
i like my goombario extra rare
here i thought sealed away in ice was best but
this is a contender for funniest possible location
I'm not saying One Piece is bad, I'm just saying it's difficult for me to find time to digest all of it
I'm working 80% of the week
I was watching the VOD of you doing Sushie glitch stuff today and I did a little experimenting myself
You can keep Sushie glitch like you tried to but you can save and reload after the first cutscene to be in Gulch w/ Sushie glitch canceled to avoid softlock risk
If you really wanted to, you could activate the Stanley cutscene normally then come back w/ Sushie and have no risk of sftlocking
The only real addition besides the gate is that you can also get the Dizzy Dial check
We were just playing OG Minish Cap and wanted to see what the randomizer is like
That's okay, we love speedruns too!
Oh yea its go time with the best on twitch
segway is what cloud rides in final fantasy vii rebirth
@Mirby_Studios that's the only kind that matters
the term meaning a transition would be segue
I mean we went to that one place for pizza
I was going to be productive today and then I didn't YEP
Doing well. At work. 12 hour shift so if you wanna drag this out until 7am lol
i want to get back into speedrunning but dont know which one to start
I didn't go for that take me to the better pizza ffs
Doing good, having much needed lazy saturday
What zelda games do you have in mind
I was considering plugging in my wii u today and dicking around
@RuneRavenFP hoping link between worlds is next
But now I turned on terraria so
WW, OOT, BOTW, TOTK, LA switch, or any on the switch rn
Windwaker on gamecube or wii u runera3Notes
tldr I dont like ram testing
If it's wii u I have a few hours in that
Just a lil bit of grinding was done
Stopped playing glitchless bc there were too many glitches
noticed about 40hrs ago that my ram was goin stoopid on me
and I spent an entire day with memtest time-wise
no on half the ram capacity I had before cus my 32gig 2stick kit is fully fried, and I am on a 16gig 2 stick kit
Have you ever done Link to the Past?
What TP category are you doing
Honestly I might learn it with you
I have the gc version somewhere around here
bigger succ is the 32gig kit is JUST out of warranty
Zelda only Phantom is always welcome. But them Mario games comin are looking sweet as pearls.
so hopin I can get a successful rma somewhat
cus its just out by like 5weeks
i would do tp or ww if i had the consoles on me but i left them at home and family wont send me my things
so all ihave access to is emulator
I cant wait to see how u utilize peach forms/ elephantized and Wario gamers.
good side? my brain is likin the dk64R augmented gossips tracker a lot
so I am at least havin fun pushin pixels around with that KEKW
augmenting it for MMR purposes in regards to layout and such
just lovin some of the changes that version of gossips got over the one I had been using thus far
imagine switchin layouts and such on the fly
instead of "open textfile, know what to put in"
best boss concept and design time!
I'm setting up a layout for runs again and realized I forgot to backup my livesplit shit so I do not have my pb splits lol
or the windwaker talkbox guys at windfall
well the TP postman is rougher imo then a walking npc with dialog PrideLaugh
cus the ones in Windfall just got huge talk hitboxes, and so do the moving NPC's at clocktown
specifically the carpenters in MMR are a pain depending on which routing you take through SCT on day 1
pair it up with kafei, you got yourself a walk only zone rly
isnt that a slight callback to ganon deaths on the castle?
yes chat u become one with the holes in this game
im still here just doing the ww rando
I can't believe what I just witnessed LOL
I've never seen MC glitches before.
I've never noticed the walls before haha
Do you have to have a fairy in the bottle for it to work?
"I found the key, so this is my house now."
Hey Phantom phanto274BLANKIES good luck phanto274GL
we shall not let those 3 mins slip away from us
These monsters really chose violence today.
make a mental note need fairy in bottle
@stavros12c34anenoglou I just got in and got really confused when I read 'bussy' instead
what the frack is going on here
Do the 10 hour Zelda Oracles 100% run instead
I will simply mix your audio for you by hacking into the stream
This sucks, give me your stream key and I'll do a cave story rando
Twins are down but ad interrupted.
Stop being zelda-pilled by chat (me)
It was like 2 am rivals which hits different
Looking at the start.gg bracket and going "Oh look what clever children!"
Don't forget his pathetic dwarf minion that betrays him
19 years is the amount of time it took to get a new f zero game
Shigeru Miyamoto asks the daring question: "what if people died in mario kart?"
I went to a food truck thing, there was a flag with biggie cheese there
My hometown is being invaded by the biggie cheese clan
popesPOGGERS_HF tippiPog obiyoPog minimi6Pog orcris1Pog triden4Pog franks69Pog PogChamp popesPOGGERS
the b button as in "be killed"
I call vati VAL for that reason.
Alec Baldwin called my uncle fat on twitter
rando time is here welcome to evil grin madness
all of the 1 females in chat currently
Well I'll join in when you do, I have margaritas calling my name in the fridge phanto274BLANKIES
too many touhou girls making out with each other in chat
i will keep making it more specfic until it's just me
Squeezing in a rando? What flavor?
I gotta get going, but it's been fun! Have a good night all!
we're all touhou girls if we touhou enough
There are a few other males in touhou but aren't around
one of them is Jesus Christ
He appears briefly in one of the mangas
Damn right I did payneful phanto274BLANKIES
Flushed needs to be on screen at all times
I was considering taking another shot at a randomizer but I keep getting the whole numbers thing across my screen and it locks up. So im way happier to see Phantom doing it.
Possibly it had never happened before my last 3 attempts
a coworker today said something that really annoyed me when i corrected them for someone else's pronouns
@Gay_Plant you should buy rivals and be a gay fridge main
gay fridge will teach them a lesson
You love to see that early
need a lil more since the game wana be nice n shit whisqEvil
runeraven making I.M Meen look GODLIKE
gay plant making gay fridge look really fay
gay plant making gay fridge look really gay
If I upload a rivals session to youtube it's getting titled that
fixed it if someone else wants to sc
Claw wants item lock badly KEKW LUL
world's largest trans gummy bear buy it now at vat19.com
well it's a bag that 3 of the colors of trans
when they mean it can very rarely be funny too
Is this the mario from "mario bros super show"
If you have cash to spend there's a n64 core being developed for mister FPGA
i didnt have a four loko but i had a mikes that has definitely wore off
Imagine four loko making a margarita
noooo i was gonna say they sound good lmao
Probably a good thing I haven't then lmao
they taste like canned liqour and its not good
Ngl white claw vodka seltzers are kinda good
also "the beast" 6.0 alcohol is dangerous
I prefer them over white claws regular
white claws arent bad at all
but i like trulys over them
Nope Ill take my home made rum and coke all day
The HIgh Noon ones are ok
oooo a rum and coke sounds good
Truly lemonades are good. Big heartburn but worth it
ive made a crown and root beer and that was the bomb.com
captains and orange soda is a creamsicle
I did not know they made margs. Im going to totally try them
You gotta find the right ratio but i love a good cap and orange
I'll have to check it out phanto274Thonk
the habenero marg is hit or miss
I have rumpleminze in my freezer saved for tomorrow
Im not really a tequila guy thats my issue
I was huge on picklebacks for ages.
i have yet to try tequila on its own
ive had it in like the big mixed drinks at texas roadhouse
Im a big wuss when it comes to tequila
but i wanna a tequila shot
omg i had a straight shot of vodka and i swear my chest burned for like 30 mins after
What is your whiskey of choice?
We shall see when it drops next year
Im a big fan of apple with whiskey but my pallet is really dumb
They said they intend to bring back everyone over time minus the guest characters
At this advanced age Ill have whiskey mixed or rum mixed. I tend to avoid clear liquor
yeahhhhh im scared to have straight vodka after drinking like half a bottle of it and it not going very well afterwards
hate the smell of strawberry vodka now
There is the matter of newcomers to consider which could affect how long it takes to get everyone from rivals 1 back in 2
Always have pedialyte on hold for nights of drinking
btw, there's a workshop contest going on right now, winner gets their character in Rivals 2 and $10,000
lmao i drank the night before my college bowling tournaments
may or may not have been illegal/against the rules
ofc ofc, thats what were gonna call it lmao
google search exists so I doubt it would go undetected
Idk how I missed that lol
Also finfin is too much like orcane
oh! something exciting, i started streaming!
Now I'm wondering what finfin's moveset would be
im such a noob at it all, but its been pretty fun
The "finfin can I see your wife and kids" assist
The wii u gamepad is dying repost to make it die faster
i've been planning this for 2 year
Hi. I want to offer promotion of your channel, viewers, followers, views, chat bots. The price is lower than any competitor, the quality is guaranteed to be the best. Auto-on. Incredibly flexible and convenient order management panel, everything is in your hands, turn it on/off/customize. Go to dogehype dot com
Hi. I want to offer promotion of my ass
i was going to BOP it
right clicking also doesn't work for some reason
you know how i used tera on a weed cat against ogerpon
don't tell anyone but the seed bomb didn't kill ):
i just had clodsire and weed cat in my party the whole time
I can't wait for the next pokemon dlc to come out so I can trash talk it
Saw a thread about the dlc today that was just talking about how awful Carmine is
i feel scammed because chikorita isn't in the game
and then they become the evil one??
i have no idea they also do literally nothing
instead i got the worst gen 4 starter
Is that two seeds in a row that Kooper was there?
my obligation was that i'm gay
i think that's the 2nd part ):
i was told chikorita would be in the dlc
I was told gay fridge would be in the dlc
He is an archaeologist in training
they aren't adding anything in part 2 actually
i liked filling out the pokedex in legends
1 minute until my ass gets unpinned
@str9ngest9r Thanks for the gift sub!
My promotional offer has expired, thanks for nothing
i'm afraid every pokemon they make until they stop will be docked points for not being chien pau
Pokemon has ruined my immersion, they would not name a youkai after Italians
You will ruin Touhou for me so don't do that
Every touhou character will become an offensive italian stereotype
I meant to ask, what are your thoughts on them updating ttyd?
if it sells well do you think the next paper mario game goes back to that style of combat?
Paper mario origin and ttyd are the best combats in the whole series
@buff00n Raven played Mokou in Rivals last night and had the time of their life
I was gonna get 4loko, but then I remembered my store sells 1.75L of vodka for $12
@SeventyFourTG google'd "mokou" and yeah, that makes sense
just cuz I see them doesn't mean I know who that is
I know of touhou, but I don't KNOW touhou
Wind Waker but every time the game hardlocks I disappear from Twitch for multiple months
@buff00n thought you would at least know mokou since she's Raven's fav
I got halfway through a run then I crashed my wii u
My fault I turned around in the ocean to kill speed and happened to land on the very specific line of 2 quadrants that loads them both at once
Picked a good time to join I suppose
We don't get to see behind the scenes?
but it is a special occasion because it's BP time
Does it have an end or do you just keep going till you die?
Surprised I never found it before
Also, don't know if you care, but it still says we playing Minish Cap
Breaking news, a local near Mt Moon has recently become the richest man in Kanto via pokemon trafficking after somehow acquiring Magikarp and reselling them to make massive profit, currently no legal action can be taken against him due to Officer Jenny being required to guard a cerulean city home that team rocket broke into. It is unknown how much longer he will evade capture. Cheer100
i showed zelda before I shared my pasta
I was doing Fzero99 and when to switch games and twitch would not let me change my title
last night I went back to sticker star and honestly I enjoy it more than origami king cause it has normal fights
@Axl_SR Yikes, that's a huge diss to Origami king
Do you have to sacrifice Watt to that lock to open it?
the spring board has no power
Is Refresh infinite healing? Or nerfed like MQ?
And spiny flip can hit any ebemy
i was able to go to my gamestop and preorder xeno amiibos
Seems like you can farm refreshes now with Deep Focus
Yeah, can't wait to look up WRs and such
"why are you huge?" - phantom
gotta be, their teeth are suffering
get these speedrun techs outta here
rd 2 of a rando what a TriHard
put him in a chokehold, go to sleep.... shhhhhhh
Just finishing putting items away for a block party I organized. Hows everything?
First time catching a stream. Love putting your randos on while working
oh so its a run thats a rando
These clefts and goombas seem to have higher HP than the green versions on the gulch.
Do you finish your drink if you die?
this fight has been very good
All we needed was lucky day
Luck seems to be working for you though
You are simply an evasive sponge
star storm is starting to lose its effectiveness AKA Mario is starting to lose his effectiveness
You had it in late teens iirc
Is it possible for that ever to be useful
It's like lightning storm buyback LUL
can you appeal in this or no
Stupid question incoming. If you have a badge it is automatically equipped and there is nothing you can do about it. Did I get that right?
Pdown d-up woulda come off so quick
i am finally back looks like i miss alot lol
It's a favorite phrase. I also like flying figs (because the kids don't like swears)
was playing destiny 2 with some friends there a game breaking bug that make our guns way to op
and bungle said well shit have fun will fix tomorrow
the raid boss get fucking deleted with the damage our guns do
Mr Bungles didnt wash his hands. Do you want to be like Mr Bungles?
yeah i just loveeeeee mq such a great nintendo rom hack
What can Mario do to them.
It ain't fast, but it's honest work
mario cant do shit but neither can the enemies  KEKWait
Slow go half way through phanto274Smile
I think he patched it after a couple people managed to pull it off
you want power? NO only def here
i mean you do have no items
cant die if the enemies cant kill you
 i dont think tank strats are optimal
may not be optimal but i am having a good time
so what have we another 2 hours left?
might be faster to reset :tf:
i need something to watch while i grind out some practice so thanks for picking up that badge
wait joe was speed running mw2? i was thinking he was playing multiplayer
                                                                That's a nice little ramble so what's happened?
what do u mean u cant die
what do u mean u cant die
oh about that never mind you might die
i do and how tf did that hit you
i do and how tf did that hit you
you live to fight another day
sure another p down d up coming right up Kappa
I am not watching. The butt lick poop grab isn't cool
I am not watching. The butt lick poop grab isn't cool
WeLoveGoombario he being useful for once in his life POGGIES
Hold up 1 partner upgrade and you almost on floor 80?   monkaW
You got FP! I should not watch more
just edit a timer in phanto274Pacepal
I've learned generally in like the last 20-30 floors is where you get everything you need I feel
I woulda probably been like nah, I'm out lmao
hey mario is doing 6 damage a turn now phanto274BLANKIES
we must see how this god run end
is this normal mode I'm guessing?
nah you gonna find 2 power plus and a couple more partners upgrade
I was thinking hard was very hard PrideLaugh
I was thinking hard was very hard PrideLaugh
in terms of stats and such I mean, oops
you know when i said another 2 hours? YEP wish i didn't say that
did you find the 2 def plus?
Imagine being summoned into the black pit and get stuck too
But you could have had 50 coins
If there's more fuzziness or swoops
Do you get star points from hurricane in vanilla?
get it out of the pool
more watt damage for final  boss
Anyone know if mega shock works on Ruby King
Someone I have given my amazon password to is watching Murder, She Wrote. And it makes me laugh, because only my nieces and nephews have the password.
final 10 floors all the partners upgrade YEP
nax is the main dev for the combo rando
i would love a working ttyd rando
Holy fuck that would be so awesome
nax is really good at programming so i can see it
It's gonna take a while tho
So I assume this is more or less a port of ttyd's pit in pm64?
This is the equivalent to a Zenkai boost. LUL
fuck it we her problem now
that's the first time ive been first here i think
just waiting for the first set of ads to play and finish and we'll start
ok but I also don't want to interrupt this song
twitch wtf, did you really just play a full 3 minutes of ads lmfao
sorry non subs, thanks for watching ads
Doing pretty good, how is your day? And oooo new badges!
Doing good, just finished dinner, chipotle and a cherry coke
that thread you shared was interesting, thanks for sharing that
Going to TwitchCon since you'll be in vegas?
so what is ur theory(early) is luigi gonna be the ultimate villain or daisy in thousand yr.
do you have a 2 year sub badge?
cant you just do the glitch to get those checks
oh i read the title, four loko time later?
lmao, there is a figure of a tom holland nathan drake and all the replies just say #NotMyNathanDrake LUL
getting on that pipe with parakarry when you cant see is so ass
i joined just to brb for taco bell lmao
devs should just add have boots for this trick
isn't it one line of code to change this
I have began to find artists on bluesky
The discover tab is fucking wild tho
That shit is just so much EVERYTHING for better or for worse
Its not about the destination but the journey
pretty sure it something like this  have_ laki then add && Have_boots or something like that
that just how nax code only coding i seen
is removing the cake from the tracker simple to do?
Can you not jump in overworld untiul you get boots?
I wanna see how it works Kappa
did you see that the hustle drink is actually good now
but you can now use bow with it YEP
if you jump charge first its good
need to talk to clover about that then
also double dip repel gel and  hustle drink sounds good
what if you lose boots, use hustle drink, then get boots back next turn?
okay, what about double tip, hustle and shooting star? then 2 turns next turn
heckin internet right when I get in here 
I saw someone start a seed today with 15/15/18 then fight shy guys scaled to 1 and ask why they didnt get exp LUL
alright glhf, im gonna go play sticker star
it helps me go to sleep
no I got in late I guess KEKW
I heard the mention of the autojump and then my internet blipped
its a pea break if you can be that quick?
"oh Imma be OH SHIT MY BREAK'S GONE"
but yea I guess you could say its not bad if one has issues landing the action commands
or wants to play this more "turn based RPG style"
an anti dizzy spin? or auto block 
the "I cant get atk ups!"
sorry - my brain just renembers that being part of feeling fine and I kinda never tried it cus of that 
meanwhile me sitting there hearing "oh look stone mask in MMR could be useful"
and the 2 things which come to mind rly are 1 check not at all related to the places you'd think and where its avoidable to take damage
and 1 which to me only really is a thing if you are on low health no good fighting options yet
Does Auto-Jump work with Power Bounce?
the other "more obvious" cases would be avoiding guards in places, but I forget having the mask PrideLaugh
imagine it applying to power bounce  "3cap me you wont"
to be fair? I am curious how this rando style would feel with TTYD given "infinite badge options"
glglgl phantom i hope youre well cats4eLove
and if you find a good sale danger mario, you're just straight up set sorta shenaniganry
spare pair of boots in the attic, as one does
I'd play the shit out of TTYD rando
I am super glad this one came before though
cus this game woulda been SWEPT under ttyd if it would've happened the other way round
depends to me on how the chapter related things get done rly
ttyd has soooo many hallways, thats all ch4 is
though to me that doesnt make / break a rando, given I like MM with all its time sensitive constraints
ch4 and 6 feel like those would be the most annoying if you go full on
cus your viviane is suuper deep locked behind the doopliss fight rly, and ch6 with the whole "you need this and then you need that" if you need to fight the train boss rather then unlocking the shortcuts
trouble center rando wouldnt be the worst IF you can have multiple errands at once
how would you leave? youre stuck on the island?
you'd have to have a return pipe sorta thing
something to get back out of chapters rly
the shortcut pipes are a big deal breaker for ch6 imo then
cus either a) you get your ultra hammer and can "just do the boss"
or b) you NEED to deal with the train
also on the train you got panels
they could treat the train like peach cutscenes
there is a panel in the engine car
definitely star pieces on the train
either way you'd have to have access to the interior of the train somehow
that was the only panel I found when I played half a year ago LUL
and you'd have to have access to the midway place
where you vanilla get your ultra boots
gotcha - WAYS different name in pal localization that one was for me 
specifically to me the ch4 / ch6 related things would come to mind there yea
need to open that vanilla railroading
yea you kinda sorta need that in some way for randos
yeah, I like that about Crystal rando when I play it too
so you want it open like bn6 rando KEKW
its part of the reason why I hadnt touched early TPRando
cus while you had that overall open sided bit, your early item placement being "layer" based was just off feeling to me
ive heard some talk about it
like say "your wooden sword can not be later then where you receive your wooden sword" but applied to all the items
dungeon shuffle would be cool to, jack into judge tree and your in weather comps
plus most of them have some sort of a sphere logic system now
where anything with nothing needed to do => sphere zero and then from there spheres stack based on how many items of which sphere you need to reach the next
Wonder if we will ever have a funny combination of PM64 randomizer and PM:TTYD randomizer.
Since they're on different consoles, I imagine the answer is a flat no :(
could maybe work if the pape rando were applicable to the wiivc as an option?
cus of how the wiivc constraints work
In recent times, people have started to outright port some Nintendo games to PC. Not emulation, a true, honest, port.
I think the only games so far are Zelda OoT, Super Metroid and Super Mario World.
Paper Mario 64 on PC with a randomizer included seems something that will eventually happen, just a question if someone would ever do TTYD too (_' ')
and then based on how the respective projects work how much you could make the communcation between them work
cus AP multis as far as I know dont take the SoH into account as an option
I just saw your stream set-up, you are playing on actual console with a RT5x?
You got your layout all sorted from the other day I see
(You should consider adding some CRT filters from the RT5x, this game looks so damn good with them )
windumb update -> everything borked audio?
I might sound stoopid there but you could tell your pc it's on a "metered connection"
yea uh I know that that doesnt work KEKW
I sit there and manually had told my pc to not run the update scheduler for windumb unless I tell it to
the "update process medic process" of windumb reversed that decision I made
and as dumb as it sounds? telling windumb not to update on a metered conenction makes that shiz not be as much a dumb thing
cus realistically, a forced update forcing extra cost for your internet connection be like "yea no"
As a massive fan of CRTs in general, I think more people "don't like" those filters simply because they haven't tried using them, N64 games look REALLY good with that Aperture filter :(
But, yeah, I can understand the logic "bunch of people dislike them, I shouldn't add as a content creator then".
well - unless there's critical security stuff KEKW
(My name? The way you pronounce it is super close to "Kyle". Yeah, despite not sharing any letter, lol, common Brazilian name)
I am also tired of windows updates updating your graphics drivers
and by means of THAT breaking your audio setup
its like, worse than windows 10 in almost every single way except maybe aesthetics
for me win11 loses when I "can not install it without an internet connection"
which I know, workarounds - but still
the PC i have right now came with 11 installed, and I wasnt about to jump through hoops or pay to downgrade to 10
whoever thought that THAT is the way for prebuilt systems let alone smart people having a thumbdrive with ALL the needed drivers and WANTING windows update not to fuck that all thrice
but I will complain about it the whole time
my booze is at home :(
Well, it's all Latin based I guess.
ive been staying wtih a friend since my surgery, and I wont be back till like, saturday
soon ill be able to take a knee to the crotch like its nothing
I just want to say that I love energy drinks, I get to not feel sleepy all day long.
My kidneys upon hearing that information: WideKirby ffzCursed
"you want damage? pay up" ->"you want to not get damage? its FREE"
it makes it even funnier that feeling fine is 1
Sorry if silly question, but why are you avoiding every fight?
Don't you need level ups? .-.
I love Paper Mario enough that part of me wants to speedrun it :V
But some of the more precise glitches seem really bloody weird to learn :(
Glitchless is RIGHT THERE, though, I can stick to that chesThink
i was hoping that was gunna be bombette so much
you got a yellow seed you didnt mark as well
So in other words, we need all the star pieces phanto274Hype
So what are the random settings
I do wonder what is that emote for.
well you only need 37 star pieces atleast
I'm still confused about that "Super Smash".
I know Power Smash and Mega Smash, which deal +2 and +4 respectively.
I like the color of that cup
gunna get a tattoo of ezekiel on my ankle wrapping around my leg
im shitposting, but like, i mean, id do it, but money
I might be stoopid, but who is ezekiel? 
cant wait for that high FP cost KEKW
@Jonxhas the seagul you see while riding the whale
if i was gunna get a pape tattoo id probably get watt
that being said if this seed doesnt give you ANY better alternatives, you would most likely still not prefer the mini smash charge right? KEKW
I have the star spirits tattooed on my wrist
talkin smack about smash charge jr, there's smash charge KEKW
nah you gotta use it still
then your jump would be jacked
not even kidding - auto jump could then be valuable KEKW
if ooonly one could have more then 30 BP
then those horrendous costs could at least be equipped in some valid fashion yea
the game truly did try I guess
last time i check coins are something
when a nut is valid damage
you broke into the hammer chest
the game gave you star pieces and coins
and then it hands you a stopwatch KEKW
truly the game said its time to stop with that ruins dip KEKW
The game is like, here's a bunch of hammer badges but no hammer
jcog is 15 minutes in and has a hammer and bombette after also doing hammerless/jumpless
she doesnt have nearly as much stuff on, but still
bombette was in shooting star summit, and hammer was on goombario
she had boots in one of the toad town shops
this seed really just doesnt like you
Wait was that 4th ruins key?
so its happy heart but jacked
if ONLY your damage dodges wouldnt be suuuuper expensive
cus that with damage dodge and danger mario sounds BUSTED
Was the 40 star pieces, the first hammer ?
with a 1st hammer on 40 star pieces right?
okay I am intrigued what does berserker do - whats in the name or different stuff?
time to not dig through my current oxygen not included fumbling ti lI see PrideLaugh
mario dont give a SHIT he wants his PASTA
sooo final bowser with this does not sound like a good idea I hear
but it ALSO sounds like a FUN idea
I know when I send you something good when you reply to it while live LMAO
so yea it more or less made sense to me then from other some such PrideLaugh
I should join the rando server just to watch things happen
no more KooPasta for the mario
if ONLY it would be a BP move  so you'd use BP to enter the rage of the noodles for a couple turns
thats how I initially thought it'd go
cus some JRPGs I played have had berserk abilities so you can go berserk for a couple rounds
or enemies which enrage you in similar fashion
the laughin menace visits the island, ready to rage PrideLaugh
I am havin too much fun on puns rn 
joker and harley in one plumber
shyguy's jr box more like with this
there's no "no go" is there? aka slowgo but you cant go? KEKW
just how it goes with new mods rly I hear
also multiple slowgos sounds HELLA cursed 
so berserker is feeling fine but better
the whole "partners not being able to use items" bit sounds honestly more dangerous with it
cus if you could do that? doesnt sound near as scary
is that whats in the name? KEKW
issues? sounds like extra features to me kinda
those features I love when playing MMR with actorizer
when all of a sudden there's an Organ in the swamp and you cant get to deku palace cus of it
because the game doesnt unload the actors quick enough, so there's possibly a "ram runs away" cus of actors in certain spots
and given beta actors are also in play with actorizer
yea you are bound to find funky shit anyway KEKW
the added numbers I see as extra cherry on top of the icecream
I'm going through a # don't mind the notifs
like - you go at the RISK of a long seed, not with the guarantee
ok hear me out: last stand crazy heart mega rush berserker
truly the only thing standing in your way would be bowser KEKW
the healing and the star shield yea
but you COULD do that for hallway KEKW
Ok that's all the notifs you're gettin from me the rest of the # is ai 
Yo the re4 remake dlc is available right now
there 3 power plus now right?
i would say something but i don't wanna get banned lol
for calling him a dumb ass? lol
I feel like its a good thing my brain isnt connectin the dots 
but I dont know which specific bit soo I can just look and laugh again at the hilarity which was your badge set
that sounds woth over flower savers KEKW
also I think? I get whatcha mean then but at the same time people with their respective knowledge or not so much of that phanto274Shrug
I mean I had people tell me I cant like areas in a videogame just because others dont like them so KEKW
who knows if that particular person just never had anything but golden bowser fights
where every turn is a lucky bowser miss
that type of insanity which you just throw away once you played the game a BUNCH for consistency
or they look at this like one could look at TTYD where you truly only ever would need power / mega rushes
PrideShrug I most definitely dont have good enough knowledge on this one PrideLaugh
to me that is just noise and I dont listen cus I mean - if speedrunners like last stand if they get the option to do it
there lots of stuff that good for bowser
and like - I most definitely sound rude with that, but like - eh
my 1st final in rando i kind of had to charge i had no damage
you select the game does? 
soooo its a speed badge rly KEKW
depending on whether it gets rid of descriptive action command texts
so...is this the time to ask why ACs are a good thing?
that sounds like it does give some behind the scenes insight as to how quake bounce got revived though
action command = your game has some extra spice to it rather then turning into a snoozefest imo yea - the reason I am more likely to replay a mario&luigi or a pape game over a JRPG
like - JRPGs gotta do some bravely default style extras for me to not feel like replaying is tedium
idk - i like board and card games
wait - the channel has pkmn emotes
oh - i just assumed you'd casually replayed a pkmn game
idk pkmn games would be enhanced by ACs, but i feel they're replayable
you did do 1 run of pika park 2 or whatever it called
"Yknow how you sometimes try to grab a fork in the drawer and accidentally grab a spoon? That's how I feel about you 2" -74 talking to pallos and splash
He kept saying the wrong one
You should've started at level 15 like the pros do
stop using gameshark codes k thanks
What if an impressionable kid sees it and starts cheating in their own games
You're creating evil in this world phantom
@buff00n I'm boutta come over there and order 100 pizzas
I think it's good that he died
bruh, I got here around the 4 hour 20 minute mark
I'm looking at the stream timer
it sure does look like it!
those giggling plants always creeped me tf out
Did you do the bombette things in koopa
what if she likes cooking your nut
what is the difference between fertile and un fertile soil
okay i guess that's simple enough
should've saved your nut for someone better
at least he gave you some herb for it
Yea what's the geezer gonna do with it
That boo got a package Flushed
damn its almost 2am so are we still doing black pit after this?
I need to get my stream endurance back my ass cannot do long ones rn lol
I wonder what game the bot wants to play hundo for
Just in time for the finish
how have you been playing for almost 5 hours with that
don't tell him how to live his life
oh you done at the gas station?
you know imma be in vegas in october!
we will have to meet up
on a scale from 1-10 how glad are you to not be playing that seed anymore
how many drinks does it take you to feel it normally?
I still have a decent tolerance but at least I don't have to take like 8 shots to get drunk anymore
I've never had a four loko actually
oh no I tune in and I learn I might be a white girl
this is not how I wanted my morning to start
I didn't have my first drink til I was almost 22 lol
anyway how's everyone doing and what's a four loko?
it's okay, you know what they say about repressed church girls
i had my 1st drink at 16
@CrayonCrayoff It's a cheap option for alcohol
we are lots of fun jcogLUL
okay yeah that's a cheap way to get drunk
No seriously you'd be doing me a favor, please help
that tends to work with a lot of alcoholic drinks. It's the alcohol LUL
and then you hit a wall and it just goes to absolute awful
Just be like me and super guard 4Head until you accidently die
LOL I forgot eldexter took it out before release
Yooo there's 2 cute girls on the screen
That was a lot of damage for that idk
This sounds like me when I was playing TTYD yesterday
That entire run was a disaster LOL
So found out why TTYD64 has the weird cropping issue, I think eldexter removed the letterboxing of the game so it looks.. strange.
I think it's because it caused the game to lag. There's 2 crashes currently caused by General Guy and Huff n Puff
And like.. some soft lock stuff.
OH yea about that, funny story. That was because a line was literally missing for the handler LOL
Oh for sure, just gonna take time
Wish I wasn't busy, I'd be more help to dex lol
oh it was probably power plus
Forget the badge pool but iirc they're mostly defensive badges
Just reminded me I need to clean the house a bit more since you're coming LOL
So.. does like.. Lackiluster like.. lay spinies and use them as weapons or does he just have them? They never explained
Miyamoto, putting more fetishes into Mario games as always
I always assumed he just brought a bunch of them
See, I'd agree with you there if it wasn't for the fact they are underground in a dungeon
I wish a very happy go to hell for all fuzzies
I would think he makes a bunch of them before every battle
We already said he lays them in his cloud
just don't worry about it you don't want to know
i like the hammer zfg emote
I don't have zfg emotes but I do have socpensFucYesSir
I should add a prettylucky badge
The only badge we got is FeelingFine
I just read it as beside but cooler because there was no E
It's because I'm in here, but also I have never played Celeste lmao
maybe somebody talked about records in chat
I played celeste but I only became nb
I guess I didn't 100% it tho
celeste is a game i would like to play but never talk about it lol
I played, it was worth it tho
I'm sure your mum's heard that word before
STOP IT, I'M GONNA GET GROUNDED!!!!!!!!!
O shit she's gonna take your gameboy
Just do this and you'll win MarioDumpy ffzJam
Why does mario look so sickly
is that like the true ending to that game?
ahh all 6 of them I'm guessing
When you get every coin the game title screen changes to the sex golden coins and wario pulls out his fat cock
Sea of Stars is officially 100% done
@Iceblue is it good? i want to get it
I'm missing 2 achievements, but I 100% the game basically
I'm also missing a couple achievements, but I found all the content I'm pretty sure
Moving always has a hint of ass
well, i'm gonna be in town oct 18th - 23rd. i fly home on the 23rd
my zelda 2 run is saturday at 11am
Who wakes up in the AM
God I'm so ready for bsky to be the full norm twitter has pulled away something I wanted to retweet for the last time
I have to go to work in a little bit and unfortunately this is the moment the bottom of the Great Swimming Pool in the sky decided to give out. It's POURING komari1NotLikeThis
Gonna go shower quick the run better be alive when I'm back
dude that's what i was saying before raid
what time is it over there?
he never ends stream before you
i was lurking morp how was the run?
hundo was mean, played rando and that was fun
morph is becoming a rando main FeelsOkayMan
i started at like 9:30 tonight
does ultra hammer normally charge that fast in this rom hack
it looks so fast compared to the vanilla game lmfao
moving on from shitty job pogO
also hell yeah no more shitty ass job
Imagine this but with the ttyd 64 battle system
Alright I'm gonna go brave the elements bambib16Eeveesad
GL HF, have a great stream crayon38Heart
Have you considered keeping it and renting it?
plus being a landlord is a pain in the ass unless you're rich enough to like pay a company to do it for you
i would have a hard time charging people a ridiculous amount of money even if it was to help the mortgage
how long have you lived in seattle
32 years 11 month and x amount of days
changed how so if you dont mind elaborating
caught a bunch of the yt vids, thanks for all the vids
the vods are my favorite comfy content when im trying to relax before bed
i like literally almost never can make your streams because of the timing of my life
but i watch the vods all the time
so if you shit talk me i'll know
or keep making new accounts for free premiums trials
shit talk her then delete the vod   NOTED
we had the best time never sleeping at GDQ
remember when i passed out on my hotel floor while you guys played clank in my room
oh! did i tell you i'm moving to minneapolis
So I'm going to be at SGDQ's easily for the forseeable future
well you know they moved AGDQ to PA right when I decided to move out of it
And they stopped doing AGDQ in the DC area when I moved into it
I have a good track record
yeaaah I wanted to do AGDQ but them delaying a week fucks me
So I don't know if I can
I have to prioritze job first, and if it works, i'll go. But if the job needs me to start before then I won't
i'm gonna be living out of my savings for a while so i have to be frugal
So it's also probably not financially smart to do AGDQ
But since when do I make financially smart choices :)
Assuming my license and all that is good by then I'm 100% hitting sgdq this coming year
sienna maybe going to ADGQ, we'll see
it's right before i get to vegas for twitchcon
oh shit you're doing twitchcon too?
i got a badge for free
I'm annoyed I couldn't get to sgdq this year I live an hour away lol
i mean i'm not actually going to twitchcon, i'm going to vegas to get drunk with friends
That's a good thing to do in vegas
I guarantee i told you before
i will show up with friends and alcohol
I WANNA GO TO THE STRIP
i'm getting an airbnb with my boyfriend and 4 of my ffxiv friends
but i would love to meet up with y'all
i know, i wanna check it out
i went to vegas in july and we hardly got to see anything
i want to go explore more
Fremont street is where its at
All I remember from my 1 night at the strip was buff00n eating allysons birthday cake with 0 remorse and then dropping half of it on the table
definitely not pristine like the strip but I like the vibe
Oh and also buff00n getting handcuffed by strippers
i have never been to a strip club
lowkey i am semi interested for the experience
Oh we weren't at one it was just on the walk
but only to be extremely respectful to the strippers and give them big tips
They were dressed like cops and he wasn't walking fast enough so he got got
yeah i wish we could do that instead of saving them in glitchless
shirok7Fat me after I find a yoshi
wait I had this in the background. yoooo it's a black pit run
loved those vids, dint expect to catch a run live
Whats your beef with white klubbas
uhhh i think i just ended my sub
Fuck I'm out of sun chips
starry53Rage starry53Blanket starry53Flushed starry537 starry53Okay starry53Gasm
This shit just a glorified highway with some houses there
BigTittyFoxMommy oh this one's your doing
Fuck I was gonna search 'mon' to see the digimon emotes and I'm subbed to monado so it dont work
I paid for mine this month just because september
63 coins for dusty hammer YOOOOOOO
i had like 8 months in your chat like that lol
You got jack shit for fp lol
kris use to always gift me a sub idk what happens to them
Yea cause they were always around LOL
That's how I became mod in like every chat I'm a mod in lol
the only mod i have beside my 2 friends that don't stream that much is you
What if you had so many coins IRL that the world lagged
I was in jesses chat every day for covid and then he randomly gave me a sword one day I don't think there was even a reason lol
then i have 2 vips in people chats
And then you had me join for among us one night and then other people started talking to me lol
I miss that game but also don't
dude i miss the good old days of among us
during covid where we played every single day
I think it'd be fun if we had a really strong group again
The first month the group was just fantastic
we had a strong group for like 3 or 4
Then it became desperately grabbing people to play the game lol
i use to played that game a lot a long time ago
and now if i want to play that game with friends i have to take like 3 hours to DM everyone i know who has it to see if they'll play
and you know what pisses me off is that nobody will commit
I haven't talked to him in a while outside of twitter
they'll be like oh we'll see, maybe if there's lots of people
so we'd always struggle to get like... 4, 5, 6, 7
but once we got that we'd get 10-14
I'm in his circle cause we shittalked bts/vgbc LOL
i am doing all of this work
and people won't even show up unless there's people
so i gave up trying to get people to join
He fucking killed me every time LOL
I was never ready for when he joined
i bought it for ps5 to try it again and i couldn't do a task on a ps5 controller and got voted out cuz of it and said fuck this game
The other best sessions were like
i would love to play with you guys
supposedly they're dropping a new map soonish
Tbh with this community we could prolly get a good group
It'd just need to be coordinated and that's annoying
i don't mind doing the coordinating if people will actually show up
but if i get 12 wishy washy yesses i'm fucking done
I'd def show up for it
I've kinda wanted to play again anyhow
My own disc can hardly fill up a jackbox night tho so I never attempted
i only play with my friends
and i'm only friends with cool people
Yea that was the issue at the end of it for ours cause they just kept inviting friends of friends and so on so it became less comfortable
so trust, we'd find a good group
i use to have people to play it with and now i don't talk to like 6 of them lol
we have a server that is mostly used for among us
is kind of dead now, but i could add y'all to it if you're interested
God is the server we used to use for among us even active at all LOL
I left it when clearing out icons but it was DEAD dead before I did
It's easy to find it's big kirby face
I don't think I've talked to ricky since he last played a session lol
The events themselves for smash are ass
Going to strictly FGC now has been so lit for me this year
I enjoy where I'm going and then I get the fun shit with homies at night
And I play a lot of kof
KOF I at least know them by name because the community is smaller all the serious players are in the ft10 server
Nah when the player aint fun you hit them with the 3 games in "Oh my buddy wants to get food I'll see ya"
you don't wanna play against my sonic for 7min a round???
If you're not playing ic's or some shit you can win most matchups against him
I was a DK onetrick. I never counterpicked
Cause it's such a char knowledge thing
I just wish ultimate would suck as much as it does now. events are still cool tho
The biggest on counterpicking I've seen
SF you got fucking snake eyez winning 8-2's with gief
stay for 10 floors or go to Bedge hmmmm
Wokege just 10 more floors guys
got go mode off the package check KEKW
Phantom had go mode soil on package lolll
yeah he had my star stone
How is this real hardware when this isnt even the real game and is a rom hack/rando?
oh, yeah I think I only had bombette and sushie only for nearly two hours
It's on an everdrive so it's still n64
At least these raids weren't when I was talking about warios cock
Can I play missing link on a real n64?
I saw you were streaming and JCog raided you and I never get the chance to do it so I wanted to PrideLaugh
you can play combo rando on it so i don't see why not
Missing Link is this fan game that takes place between OOT and MM.
Is this a pit of 100 trials?
if it's an oot rom hack you're probably better off playing on wii vc @SerpentOfTheMorningStar
Cant wait to see what boss the fan devs put at the bottom.
Yea most oot stuff is made for wiivc
At least wii is easier to get and mod than everything else
yeah wii vc is just the way to go for the n64 zeldas
actually wait I know about missing link, yeah it's definitely good on wii
honestly one of my main strats for this pit is have Parakarry and Watt leveled all the way up and I just do
pretty sure zfg played it on wii
I was kinda hoping the boss would be a new fan creation or a omega bowser.
Crystal king is a sick boss anyhow
I think that's 4 cause stun turn
Rn I use RetroArch for all my emulation.
Maybe I'll try it for rando and see if it works good
Ares is the final form of Higan and BSNES created from the now passed away Byyuu.
how much HP doees he have???
oh that's fine then. you're charging like he has like 300hp or so
Oh fuck I forgot my honkai dailies thank god they reset at 4
Ares for SNES, Mesen-X for NES, SameBoy for GB and GBC, mGBA for GBA, Simple64 for N64, Duck Station for PSONE, MelonDS for DS, DS Light and DSi, Citra for 3DS and New 3DS, Redream for DC etc.
You can raid the spinning gorilla
The gorilla is always there for u
i just want my 250 points so i can sleep
Why do those moles look like minions?
The bot is slacking off today
Mobile Frogs can't have shit stickshamDEMON
Hey thanks for the posters :)
Hey thanks for the posters :)
Hey thanks for the posters :)
Hey thanks for the posters  :)
Hey thanks for the posters :)
I made it further this time at least
Hey thanks for the posters :)
Hey thanks for the posters :)
he died from not doing enough power bounces
I did one less powerbounce than I should've and died on Magnus II Gladge
He went from softlocking in CH7 to dying in CH7
I will take that best opportunity
any% minish caps run are pretty broken iirc
Cheer100 good luck on the run
this is actually the only zelda game ive beaten lmao
i have lurked a bit ya
Yo gl with the any5 Phantom! Hope youre enjoying the I dont have to show up and deal with people life
Oh dang I didnt realize the move was soon soon but that makes sense
You going directly to your new place?
Maybe if you hang out there enough the other person will get the hint LUL
Youre staying the night, its just a sleepover
Cheer100 Opinion on T T Y D remake. I saw a few reaction videos in YouTube and I can never take them for real or genuine. How was Monados reaction?
11/10 dont think he could react like that again or hed be in the ground
he literally gave me mouth to mouth Flushed
I actually got better RNG on the octo fight but otherwise same as my last casual playthrough
So the verdict on Monado is genuine reaction.
If you saw it live there was no denying it
Its hard to tell if someone is genuinely reacting to something or hyping something up for the views.
Im doing dishes and I swear I looked down for a minute and youre at boss
Im just glad you cant lose a run to cut scene walking in this run lmao
Crazy that it's never mandatory to have more than 1 bottle to finish a Zelda game
Darknuts in 2D Zelda have the worst AI to deal with
Vaati behave one fucking time challenge
I heard the next Zelda game will have a final boss like vatti
Oh god I totally forgot about that
Did they just forget to program checkpoints?
Zelda wished all the evil away but there's evil in the next games... what gives?
@Ohrocks she didn't wish hard enough
I wanna say its a 2D zelda
What we guessing? I stepped away for a min
Dare I ask the completion number
That would check out to me from running pape lmao
the fact that bowser can just say fuck you run over sucks
Especially when even the safe fight requires a lot of skill and practice
Let me power bounce and hope for close call or cloud nine COPIUM
Channel point alert would be good imo
Or like small bit number maybe
what about what pope do and make something a shiny
Sammi sounds like a lot of work to learn too
The Expendables was a great action flick.,
ive heard you mention them before
Good evening, how goes the run
I feel like that was somehow my fault
Big question is what companion did you choose
Just in time for a new run
phanto274Shrug but who want to make a script for it
Oh Jesus, you have so many items
Someone I follow on Twitter makes a bunch of Xenoblade stuff and they have a Riki plushie I want to buy when they sell them again
best boss even in a rando
It could be official, really good quality
You'd probably like the stuff they make
I just bought a bunch of pins from them
What did you say, I didn't catch that
I just want them for my backpack
Unrelated, but did you know you can make Pizza in TotK
Okay, I think I've got the seed for you
My run died bc I thought I had a Life Shroom and didn't
But I think this could be an interesting type of settings to see you do.
oh no Mario will put is in a dungeon of hell
Random question: has anyone redeemed glitch logic seeds besides me? (this one isn't btw)
@MarioManTAW nooooo im a point keeper to the max and soul.
Anyway this seed uses some of the new settings and makes something that feels a liitle weird (at least to me) to play
Do you normally look through the settings first these days?
Phantom they finally gave a date for amazing mirror
But it's like the day you move lol
Our playthrough with buff00n and 74 will have to wait a few days ig
Honestly I'm curious to how long it'll actually take since we'll have 4 actual people around the world lol
@RuneRavenFP did you hear next trails game got announced today
I mean I expected the localization to come soon
Cause JP has 2 of those shits already lol
summer next year i am so hype
I'm mixed on voices so far but I'm digging the premise for protag
I'm sure voices will be better actually in game though
Trailers just taking clips randomly never makes it sound good lol
I still gotta finish azure and play reverie
Prolly replaying cs1 and 2 b4 reverie tho
i might play all of them again even sky before summer
I'm glad there's a new full arc tho so people can dip in to a new game without anything getting spoiled b4 going back
@RuneRavenFP i mean cold steel did spoil sky so idk guessing there is gonna be some call back to the older games
Yea there'll likely be some things but not like what reverie or cs3 and 4 will do to you lol
yeah its probably fine to start with the new one
So, uh, Wallet go mode? NiceSoftlock
Now for Vaati to not be a jerk
Yes, bot, Wario Land is the correct number of explosions for a rando NODDERS
Hope you have a great night phanto274BLANKIES
I got a huge steal tonight
Hello there Phantom how you doing?
i was hovering over 1st and it was gone
now I wonder if ill like it lol
I borrowed pikmin at release time but thats it
I am going to destroy that lady, you know the one. Ima fight her for reals.
how long is 20% good for?
can we add the 7tv emote lets go?
I was curious if there was gonna be a rogue banner on your layout LUL
Also glad to hear youre feeling better phanto274BLANKIES
What about the bottom left or right of the game screen?
I know some people will have their logo ads flash on screen for a few seconds every little while idk if that'd be an option
Yeah, everything closed and no badges except the starting ones
This sounds like a good seed to watch. Thanks MarioMan
You also get bombarded with Tayce T items and the majority of the item pool is junk
Did he place everything as well?
Also I apparently missed that that's where Blue Berries were
marioman, Id like to try these settings. Do you have the string?
I think overworld coins only appear in rooms you already go to so I turned off coin blocks mostly to avoid re-routing or potentially forgetting rooms
I did not but probably should have
did you start with any comsumables?
There's a limit of 16 total starting items and I wanted to make the best use of them
brb, need to let dog out before it gets dark
That was a decision I never thought you would make.
It's only 10 for consumables but 16 between consumables, badges, and keys
I bet "dark" at this hours sounds weird to you LUL
Bario start is a giant L
I had to do it for the content
Super Hammer is your partner NODDERS
Congrats on the partnership with rogue - so sick!
Now that I think of it, you could probably turn off Heart Blocks with these settings and it would barely matter lol
I don't really care if you do glitches or not, I did a couple when I had the chance phanto274Shrug
I had to give you some of the new stuff, as well as old memes
I also wanted to see how you'd react to having your QOL taken away (or at least costing BP)
But what if you had to play the whole seed w/o Speedy?
saw your post on youtube, safe travels during your move!!!
omg your bookcase is nakey now
I thought power shell was only allowed to be 5fp
Christ, thats worse than my rng
feels so weird to see ultra rank goombario
I dont like the sound the tree makes
i learned last week jelly pop in boos mansion sells for 200
If only trees were a renewable resource. Kappa
as a kid i only used ultras and jellys to cook and sell to boo's mansion
since the block gambling game was bullshit, even with save-scumming
I was happy to learn that goombella is broken af
At ultra rank she gets a move that lets mario move again
Also optional partner was pretty good
I also like the character so it was a nice surprise when I found out who it was
last night I finished ch5, was running power rush on cortez. Ended the fight in peril but didnt have megarush equipped lol
What was Goombellas super rank move? Was it any good?
multibonk with partner power plus and partnerr power rush is really nice
Right On Quake Bounce does 6 fyi
Fixed a softlock that would occur when using Right On with Quake Bounce, while wearing super or ultra boots.
so who does right on work?
so quake jump is basically power bounce?
That's also how the other quake badges work, right?
I was watching one of your yt uploads and realized you might be live SeemsGood
Have you played with Berserker at all?
At a certain point, I put it on and left it on, for better or for worse
it does extra damamge you cant choose the attack?
I have a question. Is there a mod that randomized your partners skills/abilities? Not among them, but like watts attack move costs and her charge is free?
Can you scramble the order at which they learn them? So the bass attack is the first upgrade?
He might use Goombario against the heart
is this dungeon shuffle too? I havent been paying attention
Chapter 4 is in chapter 3
What the fuck is this jump
Don't think you can Quake Huff
That badge setting sounds hype ngl
Hey, you can beat 5 now YEP
And also 2 once you find it
And also 3 when you find it YEP
This tracker is lit rn wdym
what is THAT on your tracker
You hit the blocks you're not a fraud gj
I put ruins cause you can cheat that one
He has all the stuff for ruins
I'm sure that's way faster than the other UHS method
I had a habanero cream cheese taquito and it was pretty good
right on is auto win badge
I don't think kwik trip is gonna do them long tho cause nobody buys anything with a remotely mild kick to it here lol
i love when video games play themselves
ice is coming back to rando after hearing that LUL
You can let the game play itself even more with Berserker
i'm learning sea of stars any% axl
I have no idea what that is but congrats on learning a new speed game
only if we had peekaboo @MarioManTAW Stare
doing meal prep so I'm lurking for now
it's a new rpg that came out a few weeks ago
These settings are technically legal (whether they stay that way, who knows LUL )
prolly gonna huff devil's lettuce, so tonight'll be fun
btw, I reached out to risch today. They still havent made a leader board for BN legacy collection which to me is the funniest thing ever.
that is just wild to me
yeah so even if you learned bn2 you wouldnt be able to submit it
Sometimes if it's a port, they'll just put the new console under the list of consoles for the original game
I'll just run it on gba cart smh
I forgot about that saying OMEGALUL
just like we're learning Oracle of Seasons!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cant wait to see your fined BN2 notes LUL
yeah, I regret my bn5 notes are slides
Hey Phantom! I saw you live notification, you doing okay?
are you using goombario to do damage
BTW I'll just say, since you don't seem to have picked up on it yet, this is progressive scaling lol
No worries, just wanted to check
Yeah, that looks like a bug report
I fucking despise seeing 50 used for 9 health
And probably related to progressive which is why I brought it up
He could at least try better
Damn I missed a gamba phanto274Cry
TBH I could have let the pred run longer, oh well
oh ch3 is open, you have forest pass so thought it was closed
Ch3 was closed, Oaklie does not consume the pass
the string marioman gave me has it open
Oh, huh, yeah I copied the string directly from the spoiler log
ugggh one of those nights where no dasher wants to pick up our food
You can always go back to the frozen lake.
Oh right, you still need Bombette, huh
Damn MarioMan, nothing good for snowman
He invites you into his home and offers you a drink, you say "useless" and storm out... how rude.
Oh, thought you didnt care about that. phanto274Lurk
He is shaped like a muffin
There's probably other things he should be calling himself, tbh
GL and have a good night
You are allowed to cheat if you want but it's up to you phanto274Shrug
I can't wait for Phantom to Log Skip inside my house Peach Warp into a Cannonless and then Staircase Skip into their bedroom.
Just realized, staircase skip with 1 key gets you exactly one extra check whether you have Bombette or not
"We're just killing turtle's in their sleep." (long pause) "as Mario, does." - Phantom, 2023
Well I don't have the goombario hate boner so indifferent
I'm a little surprised there's still been no Berserker usage
ugh worked myself into a panic attack and stress headache ;_;
I am starting to realize how much I've heard of 64's soundtrack
At least we know this is the last vanilla dungeon
Yay I can finally say GAMBA
Wow great first turn of Berserker Stare
my 7tv is broken did that emote get added?
You can try refreshing, it's weird sometimes
oh i did like 10 times
There should be a 1 in 50 chance you take damage from bombette
BTW you have Right On and Berserker both on, not sure if you were aware but Berserker Mario actually hits all offensive action commands automatically
Also can only choose actions that have a valid target
So in this fight, he always jumps on Tutankoopa when Chomp isn't out
Yeah, I don't think he uses FP
I think not using FP might be vanilla, hitting action commands is not
IIRC when the rando devs were discussing vanilla behavior, it was random whether Mario would do actions but the devs decided to make Mario always do the actions
So, uh, you barely have to play the game if you have Berserker on lol
Fortress Keys and Jade Raven YEP
oh you mean laki and parakarry ok gotcha
You can, it's called Jump x2
Are we searching for jade raven?
so maddy got some dogs and i got a sammich with chicken strips
You actually already saw, what, at least 4 cakes?
Oh no u wanna tell me the bad or good news first?
do u speedrun TTYD as well i forget
stonee1Sadge PoroSad obiyoMad  u can use my username as a punching bag pripcyBeliever pripcyDoubter
are u gonna play it anytime soon cuz of the remake
cant wait to learn the remake with phantom
He had a lot of fun with the Punies in the speedrun.
i'm sure they'll be super fun to do
@Iceblue you gonna be waiting a long time for that
Wait is that an auto action command feature?? that's SO nice
It's still nice they have that as an accessibility feature, even if it is a badge
be nice if it worked for mashing too
and unfortunately that's where majority of the mashing is
I was gonna say that one's new
but I have chiki nuggie to tend (lol) to
that's just me trying to exercise
wait why is ur HP so high
It does mean you gotta play a little more creatively for sure
I could have been more evil, Speedy Spin and Peekaboo are among those 16 badges
i'm on the phone with them right now
its time to learn pokepark 2 phantom
I probably could have picked some different selections, I just wanted to use some new stuff and throw in all the memes
This seed seems to have been a hit though, may submit more similar seeds at some point in the future
pokepark 2 has the dance zone tho
No Hey, You, Pikachu tho, a damn shame
i have work in the morning
i need a new car tho
unless i get twitch chat to donate a whole 2018 Toyota i dont think so
2018? C'mon you can be cheaper than that
@blacktiger51 we on Long Island that shit'll take 2 and a half hours to get to my work location
I feel like you cannot livestream crimes
you can so long as they're gambling crimes
you come do something about it
I want to eat lots and lots of shroomcake
well i guess nothing's getting done about it then
new randomizer? i haven't played or even looked at the rando in so long
oh like the luigi challenge in uhhh
what the heck are you missing
@mx_four do it bitch, i'm trying you
we'll see if i have the cash when registration rolls around
bruh was that the forever forest sound
please tell me that wasn't one of your 16 government assigned badges
All of the FX were including F :^)
so you actually have like 9 badges then
so you actually have like 2 badges then
i think i'm getting an idea of who did the crime
@MarioManTAW THERE THEY ARE, GET EM BOYS
but M4 you say ACAB btw
IDK, I'm the one with a sword here ModLove
I was hoping the boys would make themselves known
what the hell is going on
she quake on my bounce til i do 1 damage to all grounded enemies
I was not here for huff
1 damage repeatedly to all grounded enemies?
but Ice leaving is not a good sign
YT is gonna love it but everyone's gonna hate everything about it
Wonder how good Berserker would be on Bowser...
Do you have something better than 6 free damage/turn with Mario?
Or just need items too much?
Fair enough, I suppose that setup would be more likely to work if I gave you something like Quick Change
ok i am back good i miss that boss fight
that looked like lagara, weak aoe
i left for a bit so i wouldn't witness the horrors i was warned about
don't worry, they're here waiting for you
Goombario has been carrying this team.
"Are you sure you want to unfollow this channel?"
We get to see the sick lullaby strats? OOOO
Sorry, thought you'd have more options here...
Phantom had the only option he needed :)
@mariomantaw I think this is fine. Hes having his medicine right now.
(Though tbh you probably would've won sooner with a different partner)
WeLoveGoombario though so it's all worth
ok i am back now prefect timing too
I can't wait to see how dank these strats are
deaw diawy, pwincess peach is so bootiful
This was a really fun seed to watch. Thanks Phantom and MarioMan.
I'm also biased cause I'm gay and I can't do the math, I am that stereotype
im also asian so maybe its in my genes lol
me  cpunkc, being stereotypes about math
Mega Jump is really expensive, huh
i set it for 1 min lol
Star Storm for the KO? OOOO
Oops, jumped the gun a little
Did you have fun? I think it sounds like we did
It was fun to watch but also agonizing
I might look into other badge setups to do something similar in the future
i got food by dont know how to spell it lol
howd the end of your run go? I laid down for a nap half way in.
im good i got la sag na
I was told to please Clap
Pretty good, relaxing with some stardew valley
Hello. How are you all today?
@Axl_SR That's the clip I made yesterday. Not the best title, but the clip was good.
its funny to me your most completed category is gregar
does that list include marathon runs too?
Wait, so you were first AND last?
Or was it the other marathon you were first?
u were in my dreams last nite
Oh, Sushie start with glitch logic?
was funny last night seeing shasta ask, "why is chat spamming numbers?" LUL
something most people dont think about, yakki counts towards progressive scaling
3 partners in 12 minutes is kinda wild
gl hf! I wish you better BP than that first beta badges round :]
yoo I didn't know you can take the LZ that way
I'll have to add that to glitch logic, that'll be relevant in entrance rando
cant you just laki teleport into the other cell?
so idealy beat koopa bros then go back for palace key
smh cheating in the minish cap run then here i cant believe you
they're called Bullet 'Bob-Omb' Bills for a reason
i just now realized first attack and bump attack are bascially the same
1BP def is more viable than 5BP
do you actually need kooper for dulighost fight?
you cant skip it without kooper?
Bow and Boo Portrait in the jungle? Sketvhy.
yeah i found the biggest applause gif i could
is it a local move for you?
Are you getting excited or nervous?
I was lucky buidling my current house like 5 minutes from my old one
sounds expensive to live out there
the fact it landed DEAD CENTER on the tater lamo
Okay, was wondering offhand if this was randomized or not
Hopefully Mega HP Drain doesn't cost 7, lol
No, I would have a hard time justifying using it at like, 5
Idk what Quake Jump's base is but I rolled a 1 BP 2 FP Quake Jump
That move plus P-Up is very funny
I thought so too until Super Boots softlocked me with Right on!, lol
But the Super Boots timing is easier
Mario's AoE options were so stacked in my run that I kind of forgot I had a 3 FP Power Bomb
so I just genned a seed starting with all the new badges, flower fanatic is 9, crazy heart is 6, mega hp drain is 5, right on is 4, berserker is 3, and everrything else is 2 or less lol
customer comes in, asks HOW MUCH. i ask what this is in reference to. they say YES. i ask for clarification. they leave .
flower fanatic with a low roll could be goated
5BP flowerr saver isnt horrible, therre arre just better options
i got the timing on quake jump
i rolled on just for learning the badges lol
i cannot find the timing to block kents stomp, glad I never need thatt
interesting, with beginner settings rowf starts with 3 badges cause speedyspin isnt in the pool
shops arent shuffled including rowf and merlow
more like a percentage of running away detemined by missing hp
something you prob never thought about, vanilla merlow rewards are mushroom, super shroom, thunder rage, life shroom, ultra shroom, and repel gel
i forgot fully vanilla start was a thing
Tracker says you have 4 keys?
Oh thought you meant the other way around nvm
the way laki zoomed reminds me of your kooper alert
I'm hoping this chapter is low scaled.
But FX B is good D:
@RuneRavenFP How many times must Stanley go through this? FeelsBadMan
are autobounce, autojump, and beserker rando badges
wait, auto something, I forget what it was
It was good! Was playing some TTYD
yammi was playing thousand year door
do u both think Luigi will be the villain or Daisy in the extra chapters?>
It got announced right after I started my first TTYD playthrough yammibTronOhoho
Chapter 2! Just getting back to the game now
anyone care for some frozen turtle
13 base with peril and watt lol
a 3 cap on final does 36 damage
What if bean is on dolly?
Dang.  I'm going to have to catch this vod. I hate when I miss 3 hours of rando! Hope it hasn't been too aggravating
GAMBA hey i can see the emote now
Did you find all the quake hammer badges, too?
does beserker just do whatever he wants
so happy the devs put that in rando
Interesting. Can you control blocks with it
it might be worth it if it disabled hammer and also power bounce didn't exist
How many fp pluses was that?
I was so hoping that the pm64 ttyd just swapped goombario for goombella
I'm so excited for ttyd on switch
i have 1 game in jan and 3 in feb to play so hopefully not those months
never in my wildest dreams would i think of seeing a 3 hr number
she still more useful then her brother
but also cheating was hard required
did you start with laki or smth?
i gotta do my last couple races, but i've been to busy to practice or do any seeds so i expect to just lose
Cannot believe the war in one piece that was set into motion 10 years and 4 months ago is over... what a wild journey its been.
I know some are asking for ultra boots/lakijump into ruins be added
you can have Def that high? whoa
dont forgot p down d up LUL
There's so many different ways to this game
a second p up d down could be interesting
Please tell me to stop talking if I get in a loop. I really do mean well
im waiting on you to title a vod Flower fanatic
after doing LCL is weird not leveling on hallway
Just in time for the finale
kill him in 0 attempts. watch him just drop dead instantly
it would be very funny though
vanilla settings with berseker sounds fun
Imagine having a 2nd and 3rd phase.
do charges last into phase 2?
Protagonists need phases. To even the playing field.
The second game a little harder
there is a final bowser phase 3, but it's luigi instead of bowser
i would uh, call that one an attempt 0
popesPOGGERS_HF minimi6Pog obiyoPog franks69Pog triden4Pog PogChamp popesPOGGERS pripcyGG pripcyGG franks69GG franks69GG raggenSproto raggenSproto raggenSonic raggenSonic phanto274GG phanto274GG jcogGERS
I definitely counts. He lost his hammer. Kappa
wait waht if you use that instead of water to make it
What's good about rogue? I have never tried it
So what does hard mode do?
It'll be fine. Who needs sleep? Kappa
Will the game mark of stuff for you? I am happy doing so but I wasn't sure
Oh I meant in general sorry
Okay cool thank you so much
I like new ways of playing the game
I used to live for that tech though in my play through days
I first thought about doing it in tubbas base
I really love paper Mario! Thank you for making the tracker 
If i was smarter id find a way so that I dont screw it up or a way to use it on stream without moving it around whenever i click on it to highlight something.
Thank you for doing the things
are we drinking? or just vanilla pit?
Do you recommend a particular rogue flavor?
So outside of my preworkout. Ive never tried a powder. So i have no idea where to even start
im trying to be better about my sugar intake, ive been doing sugar free red  bull for years but im trying to branch out for things
Thanks! Im more of like a tart flavors kinda guy. Like sour green apple and raspberry mixes
the sour candy seems solid. Im low b12 and take a supplement for that it would completely replace.
the energy is very high caffeine which is to be expected. Seems a lot like my pre workout obv with less proteins. but its offset with the b12
I mean if you consider aroma joes energy drinks coast 4-7 dollars based on flavor after 10 servings this has paid for itself
Seems about avg though for an energy drink
when you consider is a 16 oz serving amount thats not bad for a ceffeine total at all
redbull 16 oz is 150 mg roughly
so use the link or the code lol
why are there some health bars?
I haven't really watched black pit so this is wild
how did someone even program in stylish like that, I'm fascinated
the stage tries to kill you sometimes
and you get a grubba challenge on every battle
you're not trolling hard enough if you're giving up so easily
not my goal to mess with anyone that much. I just got home from a wedding
I was best man. Got the good juices flowing
you also have the good juices flowing
is it huge for c9 or cuz we've needed 1 more dmg?
35? yeah time to start over
'fool of a Took' may reference sacrificing one's health for a party upgrade
I've been drinking, but it's water
what is your choice of flavor for rogue? i was thinking of getting a hydration tub but idk which one
do opt. fights give random drops?
Curse me and bring allergic to strawberries phanto274Cry
i saw that one and the fruit punch. i might get that one though
mm i also gotta remember im buying one tub so its gonna be the same flavor each time i make it lol
Is there a way to get more star power?
A bit weird on mobile but I'm trying
I like mobile and watching on TV too
Do you have all partners at the beginning, or do you collect throughout the pit
the only good use for mobile
I try to watch all my buddies
So getting Laki that early really was cool
i was told not to talk about that
Hallelujah for Hurricane-ing away the Gulp-its
Is a 100% on hurricane actually a 100% chance of working?
even tho this kind of mash is stupid, i hate 2 button mashes
Hurricane is def the number one move I never used casually as a kid
But see how busted it is in speedruns etc
i used cloud 9 way more
spook was at least really funny as a kid
shell shot, power shock, and dizzy shell
How much harder is that mash than you're making it look?
power shock dizzy shell nah both moves didn't do damage
imagine not taping your fingers together
What kind of achievements are gained to get the extra star power? Any ideas?
if i don't get that mash first try, it's joever for me fr
They're only immune when they're alone?
they have a multiplier on their own that makes it impossible
but with other non chomp enemies, it's more doable
honestly thank god chomps aren't common in vanilla
well sure im alive but why
would be a pain in the ass to route around lmao
oh no floor 96 and no items HahaSweat
tell me they don't hace 4 Def
Cheer100     guess you can't do damage to me now
And you missed that jump command lol
he can take his shame to the grave
can you get more star power now?
That'd a little faster than the last one I saw
Aki is still live that's an easy target lol
Ok then raid the spinny gorilla
Here's an ad while I kick you out
was the stream notif bait or does it something happen
we allowed to see your behind the scenes stuff  nichiyCozy
hope you're well btw just wonderin since its currently poppin up on the tracker bits of your layout pixels64Love
wasnt sure so while it didnt have a specific input field and all
KEKW yea I wouldnt dare guess rly
i forgot about the race, good luck
good rythm but also the type of rythm which feels like its not too uncommon PrideLaugh
5 or 6 is pretty normal now
paperario doesnt do rando anymore either, plus M4 and rigby have slowed down on rando too
it give mario a yoshi pallet swap KEKW
Hmu when they drop a Baja Blast flavor
I'm drinking a blue Gatorade rn
We talking cool blue or ice blue?
@axl_sr I like the way you think. Yoshi palette fits very well.
i never seen a Glacier Freeze out here
I think both are fine, Glacier is cool blue without a ton of sugar
I got blue Gatorade today just because of last time, Phantom. LUL
i will only drink blue or yellow
I don't understand the hate for cucumber lime Gatorade when it's very scarily accurate
rage against the machine  
oh right this is a 1.5x exp
can't wait for the gimmick account called "ifightmachines" to show up and pop off
kisa could definitely pull it off
wait nvm you have red key
I don't remember the last time i played this game. my life has improved
If you need a break, you need a break
there's honestly a decent chance i'm just done lol
i have no plans to play again rn
dont forget guys, phantom has a run later tonight
i ruined this rando for myself like i do with every rando 
I did everything I wanted to do besides 3:42 in glitchless anyway
I don't think I want to do that anymore either lmao
really enjoying my off stream playthru of ttyd, power bounce outside of danger starts with 9 plus goombella lets me go again LUL
Everybody has the star rod in this run... except for Bowser
which one is blue and green between bump attack and first attack?
im rooting for the 1 bounce 1 kill
Pretty sure green is first attack
oh yeah what are you guys running nowadays
are you any closer to a ruleset everyone is happy with
so you can't just sushi clip through the game
thats what we've been running for weeklies lately
only thing ive heard is "add jumping into ruins loading zone"
i was like "let's discuss this" and nobody said a word until it was decided they were the official rules and then the angry people showed up
like. there is a process. participate or this will continue to happen lol
okay mx but how about i just never say anything and complain later raysY
i hope you like complaining then because you will have plenty of reason to :)
The same people who decided time should end 5 minutes after beating Bowser... Hmm
Only have 3, only guaranteed 1 more
2 bp power plus is the power rush at home
that would be the opposite of making you warm
that's the scarf you want in the desert
did you see huff's wind attack got fixed?
A wet scarf in an icy climate is a death sentence... unless you're a snowman.
If it takes into account going to the desert, doesn't LCL cover that automatically?
just got back was u talking about the artifact logic?
What were you basing 5's scale off?
I was going to say, pretty sure the random Spear Guy you killed had 6HP
i was told i am getting McNuggets for dinner LETSGO
So is Chapter 1 the second hardest seed?
Ooof an even harder Huff and Puff 
came back about an hour ago or so
ISP notified me yesterday that it probably wouldn't be back until tomorrow at 1030p
was like, "Welp guess I'm WFH at a library"
Why doesnt right on! work for power shock KEKW
come on, throw us a bone
It was an innocent question @axl_sr KEKW
did you just clip into the nest or am i mcfrickin losin it?
mario looked like he was inside it for like a frame
i think kooper will be in volcano
remember when reduced loading zones made volcano so nice?
what a worthwhile trip to the volcano
"Hey Mario, on your way out can you take this trash?"
This is where my curse was in my race a couple days ago
adam, did you publish that clip?
I made it a featured clip yes
you need that dizzy dial tho
I feel like the mushroom that sends you back to toad town shouldve been in the Vanilla game lol
you always stream so late last night i had you on chromecast on my tv and i fell asleep watching
How goes you and the run?
just scoop some from the ground, dude
you got to be shitting me
glad I sat this one out
and we have to fight lp yay
"Why is Mario so mad?" - my 3 year old
You think anyone would have save scummed a blueberry?
kolorado is so real for that
man im so happy ttyd is coming out on switch
i woke up and was in zombie mode which was not helpful so i napped and now i'm feeling actually alive
i baked an apple pie today
i wanna bake more stuff now it was fun
apple pie with vanilla sauce is the best
we didnt have any vanilla sauce tho unfortunately
i'm so excited. they showed off the next trial in FF14 at the live letter last night so i heard the music and it's an old boss and i legit started tearing up
@Mirby_Studios which boss gets the Soken treatment this time?
PR is the best way to play the FF games
i definitely want to play 6 again
i only ever played the snes version of 4
at least in the US version. JP version actually has Dark Wave
that version lets you change your party out in endgame and i forgot they made cid just TANKY AF and edward evades like no other lol
you win the satisfaction of full clearing the chapter raysQ
you get to skip that one, but not the bombette one?
Sadly you cant skip the bombette puzzle
oh it's an actual trick; not a rando setting lol
so does that make fortress first possible chapter clear?
pie jumps arent included in the doc, but its in glitchless so its fine
I am here not watching one of these on youtube finally!
kill yellow first for the fashion fopa
Wow 3 out of 4 late stars
I have some in my yard if you want to dig it up
Its gonna be Ralph or in the dungeon itself
imagine if it was on moles LUL
Imagine not knowing the order and messing it all up
you cant mess it up, your partner stops you
A real pissed off cloud love it
hes fluffy white, not even storm, 0/10 not scary
i almost put my head down for a nap with pope's stream on... very close to making a big mistake
He's gonna huff and puff and crash your game
remember when divide by 0 was a meme
shit just got back and you in go mode
MegaByte and HexaDecimal comin' for you, Bob.
This might be one of the fastest runs Ive seen you do
No pressure but your in 37th
just cus my brain is derp went back out of curiosity. most likely you got a timestamp anyway?? but put a clip (with spoiler tags cus race) in your discord
was anything in dizzy stomp chest? or did you not have to check it?
I was in the dizzy stomp chest, surprise!
dunno if that's needed for pm64r bug stuffs, just renember these things being hella useful for MMR PrideLaugh
whip him to make him work faster
gl with the race, kids want to get whupped in Mario Kart now
the bot being sentient, smellin what had happened not too long ago
inb4 the youngins sneak some bullet bills
so anyway why did you buy the  pyramid stone at the start?
ehh mario wanted a green dorito
also hold up, does bowser not have colors? I could have sworn he did
mans out here casually popping off for sub 210
wasn't pb a 1 5x xx
well no one else said they finished right?
Nsingman arrived at final at 1:52 and it was a train wreck
phanto274GG time to know who won
the rug beport since it did happen pixels64Love
holy shit that was close HahaSweat
10 minutes fight final, you hate to see it
hopefully we find parakarry and hopefully he good
dirt late last time, early this time
you'll deny him a return to his frame?? his so far from home
and you call yourself a hero
has sushie check ever been game changing?
imagine a 4 hr seed lol
we just saw double ralph booties
i was gone for 20 mins and come back to ultra boots and super hammer
i think Rick & Morty put it well: Come on, football - play football!
i was suppose to play more destiny 2 today but no bungie love getting ddos
You mean you aren't rooting for the Nintendo Seahawks? Kappa
it was the mariners nintendo owned and not anymore. wrong sport marioman :P
have you considered knocking a hawk out of the sky, taking it to a shooting range to put explosive residue on it, and then anonymously delivering it?
What is a Rogue, and how do I get one
ggs on the race, gl hf on this one
watch Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Kappa
(hope i'm trolling too much btw)
well they do ship to this area, apparently
That Watt for literally one check was silly
I also managed to last location Kooper, since I had been to the room just before UH chest already
an hour in and were not go mode yet lol
god I wish I could do what you do man. its wild
You say that but my patience is far from yours.
btw congrats on getting all your breakables packed. I imagine that was a long tetris puzzle to put together
Get a 30 rack box... throw all the silverware in it... done
Is this a far move for you?
like how many states kinda move
if i didnt know better id say your coming to maine lol but its probably the opposite
the moving truck probably cost a lot
we got PODS when we moved. somehow we got someone else's lamp lmao
That'll help out a lot at least
My rig is in my whipe with me when I move
Did you own the house you're currently in?
wait 1600 miles could put you almost to maine lol
I was gonna say if that were the case... the first drinks would have been on me
i forget how the glitch works
you can laki teleport through there but you cant skip pulse stone?
hopefully ralph comes through for you again
laki the hulk featuring his crop dust
Hey Phantom! How's the seed so far? phanto274BLANKIES
I've seen your rando runs a lot and I don't remember if I ever actually chatted to you
oh man if its moles though
maybe at some point Ill learn how to actually handle the low equipment bowser fights where youre not just always danger mario and play these blitz randos, i just know rn I would absolutely get destroyed on bowser trying to play one of these
def just made a clip of that
so you have played others paper mario games??
you were looking at a sub 145 time
the fact that its such an easy trick is what makes me want to just say it should basically always be alowed, but w/e
how many times have people asked you about streaming the ttyd remake
is it worth checking fast stuff in here for good badges you think?
yeah that sounds right, im p sure tutankoopa starts at 25 and is just +5 for each chapter in scaling
It's either Jr. or final after wasting all your resources on Jr.
Is Mega Jump still better than D-Down w/ All or Nothing?
I still think you were on a 145 pace had you been able to glitch in or get stone at ralph
im def wrong but i want it to be real
I know. I'm just messing around. LUL
tfw Bowser doesn't heal and just attacks.
Bowser having poison tipped claws raises a lot of questions.
Toad House theme to further solidify this was a bad dream?
see totally in the man ual
Phantom, are you joining us for Meat sweats at TwitchCon weekend?
The best way to play black pit
preservation of self over the species. Forest Fuzzies are doomed as a species.
oh boy my favorite paper mario mod
NOOO NOT BL I HATE MOBILE
i just mistyped gl is all
woah really leaning in to the chat, huh phantom?
I could almost hear the "woaaaaah" and sparkles coming from behind you
does that work for the extra bits?
I don't know the terms. Never played TTYD
I'm pretty sure there's a Super Appeal or something
TTYD legit goated btw ive been doing my first playthrough lately
Yeah for how much I watch TTYD runs it's funny I'm just now playing the game
I've been waiting to get my gamecube controller repaired but I lost patience and just started using a shitty wii classic controller that has PODE
there's a guy at work who loves the Wii Classic Controller and went out and got an adapter to be able to use it with Smash Ultimate
I do not understand this person.
It's funny because I managed to almost do Ultra Hammer Early with it. Got don pianta jump storage by pure luck, landed on the ultra hammer chest, and probably would've opened it if my controller hadn't forced me to walk down out of nowhere
GameCube controller should be fixed soon tho so i can hopefully run pape and ttyd
your son gave you an egg
LMAO yeah very true. For Pape I don't mind it because there's official vc and it's fast but TTYD is unofficial
So my runs won't count Sadge
I can't even count that high wtfrick
i do love this jingle, though
a significant portion of my life that i'll never forget
mario stuffing his pockets with pesto spaghetti
yo is that Rogue Energy for the long haul?
Pocket Pasta, the best kind of pasta
It didn't happen if you didn't record it. Kapppa
it's mario from the NES cover of wrecking crew
It's reversed to compensate twitch's tyranny
It was a piss emote that got wrongfully removed so they just mirrored it
Use it once to show your dominance
sounds good to me, i love this funky little dude
could be worse: could be stuck w/ Goombario
he's got a little bandana! it's cute!
Fun Fact: Kooper's name is cool.
it's kill or be killed, sport
yeah it's not worth it without last stand
okay if i give another 510 bits
*high five* we did it star
Good team effort ice *High five*
can you make the ttyd mario jump noises since they arent in this game
now you just need to get laki to ride around like yoshi
thanks for the gift sub iceblueLove
is THAT what yt memberships do?!
Okay I joined on yt str9ngLove
would you do it for a scooby snack?
How dare you skip the peril mario. LUL
If it helps you, im in
That has content written all over it.
idk that sounds like a pretty good deal
i feel like i've heard '70% cut' somewhere before.... Kappa
Full time job? I know all about that one
Phantom I did the dumb trick for the first time ever.
so, if I sub youtube and leave vods running overnight, how much does that benefit you
what if i loaded every single video you have
Damn I just missed it Axl lol
axl is starting to cheat didn't think i will ever see the day
but leaving computers on is bad for the environmentTM
I usually run your crystal or minish cap vods before going to bed
might be a little dilluted then OMEGALUL
i watch an unhealthy amount of youtube
so pay for premium only watch phantom, incognetto for everything else LUL
children are the best cause they dont skip ads
I tried YouTube without Premium to save money
I was watching one of your vods, and it gave me an hour and a half ad .. I was like huh?!
i got it for free once and havent stopped
what a time to be alive - 'if my TV had ads, i couldn't use it'
ive never played youtube for anything
i realized how long im actually watching ads for with how much i watch
shes like, GOD THESE ADS SUCK, I HAVE TO SKIP THEM ALL THE TIME
so there a thing call ad block lol of course i turn it off to watch you
I don't miss YouTube pausing my video when I'm in the midst of cooking / prepping food
See! It was worth it lmao
See? Star and I did you a favaor
"Are you still there?" YEAH, WHY'D YOU PAUSE THE VIDEO ? ? ?
Piranha plants got that ascend ability
i'll talk to you about it privately
i need to know how hard i need to focus on youtube
cause like, i have video editing software on my pc
i just gotta learn how to use it
Thats so cool. Id definitely tune in
my thumb is finally feeling better, so i can start playing zelda 2 again
big20 practice for 5 weeks straight
oh i'm fine, i got a 77 and a 76 a few days ago
i'm stocked to be in vegas next month
i'll be there for 5 days
so i get to hang out with a bunch of people
aki said something about having a get together at her house
me, supersonic, jsr will be there
what are the limits on youtube views, like can we mute and tab out and it still counts?
kooper proves his worth yet again
also I learned a logic check I wasnt aware of... using kooper on the circle of coins in west rugged with coinsanity on
phanto274Smile hi Ive never seen black pit
October 12th is your other run, right?
I'll be good for that one too
But also, apparently I've missed a lot. Move is to new city, is it same time zone? Also, what is this Midwest speedrun thing you spoke of
*deletes pyro guys from the game* there they stopped existing
Northwest Speedfest is still a thing?
Where does one catch the runs? Will your stream link to them? And when then is northwest speed thing?
whaaat? lol That's news to me
I've been in the discord forever and thought it was a oneanddone thing lol
I should consider hopping back in. The one I recall they did once was back in 201 or 2019
Yes, but I'd have to not be old and discord dumb to find the links
the year 201 was a good year for speedruns
Would give it my support, I live in Seattle
Why does your birthday get to be so special smh
I recently got done moving. Just a few miles away lol but much cozier now.
how do you learn stylish timing?
Not everyone gets eclipses for their birthday
I have! Just waiting for TwitchCon and AGDQ haha
Did you buy hammer upgrade to start?
idk if I'm even going to gdq. Depends if I can find roommates. :')
That's terrifying for this, says me
last night going into hallway the toad room had a egg missle, I got final down to 6 and finished him with it KEKW
So I imagined you buying an upgraded hammer to start the last run? My imagination is running away with me lately
It was like 1500 coins too! I'm crazy
Ok. But you did have the ultra hammer purchased at some point? I just need to know I'm not crazy
Thank you. I also have distinct memories of being in a musical in high school and everyone says it isn't true. And I'm afraid of my dreams now
remember that direct that had fitness boxing: fist of the north star? No we have Fit Boxing Hatsune Miku LUL
I was most definitely a Grecian urn.
I HAVE TO WATCH MY SPENDING
I'm buying 2 copies of SMRPG
you need all of the games
I have a nice delectable asshole you can eat :)
Twitch con about to go crazy
ice how would you know it's delectable
just back - which upgrade was that?
Imagine Miku teaching you how to throw a right hook KEKW
Once I find out what letter comes before A its over for you all
i did really like the 1st one
I'm still laughing at the pinned message
Do you hate 2D mario games?
i platted the 1st one, still need to play miles
i never played the other 1
I only just got done with Spider-Man 1 not too long ago
I wasn't sure if you were looking forward to Wonder or not. I'm sleepy
Too many fackinnng gaaames in october lol
i still think insomniac was probably the best choice for spider-man. they had webslinging down since the first ratchet and clank (swingshot) and the snark as well
Sonic Superstars on October 17th also :')
Getting my platforming fill on that week
I'm getting alan wake 2 in oct
It comes out on my 17th anniversary. And I'm thinking the kids go somewhere and hubs and genuinely play Mario all weekend
ff14 6.5 on october 3rd. excited for that
2D Platformers will always have a special place in my heart. <3
yeah cant wait i loved the 1st one
'for our anniversary...you go away' Kappa
The kids. Hubs gets to stay
I ain't gonna be short for stream content when SMRPG and TTYD remakes drop.
you tell me if i'm a kirby fan
i'm planning on routing and submitting to 2nd wave
you should learn seasons first :P
fuck seasons after smrpg comes out
It was funny for a moment it felt overshadowed after TTYD announcement dropped. Game's not even out yet lmfao
i'm not familiar with that season. when do you learn that one in the route, ice
that one is part of the dlc
Same. In time for Switch 2 to drop
I can see myself running SMRPG remake.
But we have 5 switches. I'm not ready for the 2
I hope the NG Switch controller has notches
I'm 100% gonna learn it chris
TTYD remake however... that's gonna depend if the framerate is locked at 30 and if I can scroll the dialogue just as fast in the GameCube version.
did i miss something about notches
I wonder if people would complain if it did have notches
but why do y'all want them
i was thinking like a weird notch in the shell of the controller somewhere on the outside or something
musta been that delicious sprayable Notch-o Cheez(R)
that's why i was confused cause i was like "is that a thing"
@Iceblue I like... started learning SMRPG on SNES years ago. Constantly on and off though ;w; The skips, the perfect frame blocks, and the 100 Super Jumps make me shrink.
Rejoined the NWSF discord. Will be on the lookout for next submissions or Volunteer openings. :)
That looks like NSFW, which I hope is different
Centralia? Oh. Okay. I remember last time it was either in Everett/Bellingham.
Centralia works better for me, I have family down there.
Mentally preparing myself for a big exam I have tomorrow
Chris are you going to Twitchconc?
Never been to twitchcon, so idk :')
I've been here for a while
No idea what you're talking about
and honestly, best decisions ever made
been on the F-Zero 99 grind
i tried that pokemon too many types and it lost its novelty quickly. not enough variety in the encounters to really see what mons have what types
Ice and I didn't do anything
I want to bet whoever made the new TTYD battle hud looked at Black Pit's hud
Star and I are innocent here
i'm glad the mood around FZ99 changed so quickly
This isn't the 3:20:xx ish time. That was a slow pit
apart from Spook, any idea what would compare to Hurricane speed?
I remember the dark ages of Pape glitchless, using Spook in the route.
I'm aware. Mxfour told me x)
It was like.... It was, than it stopped for awhile, but then they brought it back some point in 2020
Im guessing close call is lucky
You'll love Mario Wonder btw. I got to play it at Pax West
i just love the reason for daisy being added
cause the director has two daughters and they always fought over peach, now they don't have to fight
im kinda surprised you'd choose Boots over Dodge - was that for speed?
Favorite small feature other than the perfect weight physics and removing the timer, I'm so happy you can pass through the other players.
Nothing's gonna get as funny as SM3DW
is retrospy pretty easy to use?
Was it you raven glenn and someone else
RetroSpy's also very customizable if you have Photoshop :)
I remember when me you glenn and jesse beat the game on launch
And Jesse had dumb luck at the mushroom house
The strat where you forever jump over and over.
Look at Goombario helping out the team
Yeah why'd you pick up slow go
Imagine charge and multi-bonk strats. Just think of charging both Mario AND Goombario
Isnt there an achievement where you beat the pit with slow go
just like Minh T would've wanted
Just get through 35 floors in 14 minutes
depends on what kind of murder
I was gonna say that #
Make sure you stay extra long on floor 69
if you stay long enough the murder is half off
Im somewhat of a pape speedrunner myself
Wanna race a kinstone logic seed?
Is that a threat or a promise?
not a saturday we have plans
Im somewhat of a pape speedrunner myself. i speedrun killing my runs
Im slowly and slowly going insane as I keep watching
We have a group in komari's discord to watch Do You Love Your Mom and Her Two-Hit Multi-Target Attacks?
Is there a place where I can see all of the quotes for this channel?
@Axl_SR Axl, this makes knowledge makes me wanna time you out
if i make a bot that spams in the bot spam to activate all the quotes...
The Black Pit is not about reaching the bottom. It's the journey and the friends you make along the way.
Yet I love these runs phanto274Hype
the only numbers are none, one, two, and more than that
the friends you make along the way? damn, that's lame :)
Hey you, youtube viewer, sub now or Ill yell at you.
yes, thank you for not being a spaz
Since paper mario has been decompiled do you think once they have a pc port of it with mod and randomizer support you will switch?
sonic and the black knight, the game where it ends with amy chasing sonic away in rage and beats him so hard his voice permanently changes
I know they are still documenting
How sore is your arm after mashing A and B for 2 ours
I just mean in the future
oh no, are we reading sweating sonic fanfics
knight of the wind? with me? live life? iceblueChefskiss
oh yes, are we reading sonic fanics
no the joke is that black knight was jason's last role as sonic, and it ends with amy not believing sonic missed their date cause he got sucked into the world of camelot
and chasing him into the distance
I was so happy to see turok 3 is getting remastered and releasing in November. Now it doesnt have to be stuck on the n64
also i got pokemon infinite fusion working on my steamdeck lets go
Like this has to hurt your arm after a while
sorry, was finishing a GP. Got 2nd!
but yeah, I'm a fake fan. I know it ohheyi30Kiss
I liked Sonic Colors and Sonic Unleashed
I mainly like sonic games for the music
When you weren't a werehog, it was fast and fun. When you were, it was okay but REALLY slow.
i'm a real fan, in fact, i'm your biggest fan. i'm such a big fan that i have singlehandedly doubled your electricity bill just moving air around. you're welcome.
I wish I had a fan like that
Of you say splash Im leaving
Real Sonic fans know about the Mario & Sonic Olympic games and they have a favorite in that series. Kappa
M&S 2012 is actually a really solid minigame collection
Do you think you will do agdq
London and the winter games was really good.
Is it gonna be featuring 4loko?
You gonna be on my couch if 4th quest gets in
i'm so happy i have infinite fusion working on my deck
I forgot to ask you how did you react during the ttyd remake announcement
But red ring is faster to grab than buying 2 potions and picking up 188234 hearts
i was a bit the same
Ttyd isnt my favorite obviously since im here but im glad its a step in the right direction
What does 4loko even taste like
the jungle feels so underwhelming after 64's jungle
All the rooms are practically Horizontal lines
i have no idea what to name this mareep
Oh my God that art is adorable
When I played ttyd I didnt have a lot of fun actually moving around the world, seems very OK to me.
I now can declare this my safe space people hate me for saying ttyd isnt the best
I havent played vanilla 64 but have done multiple randos lmao
Ttyd lacks charm for me i dont know if its because of the dark tone compared to 64 or if i just thought the game was okay
I wonder if Tubba is related to Bowser
Like, is he also a larger Koopa
The fact that you are asking that about a character from 64 is my point
The 1st half of chapter 7 was one of my least favorite experiences in any video game
So maybe Blubba's like a cousin?
Do you think warp pipes would fix it
can we just, not have the general white sidequest or counting to 100 in the remake
Every chapter does that. I don't think TTYD is the worst offender when it comes to backtracking in the series, but it's pretty apparent you go from right to left to repeat sometimes with it's hallways
Im still gonna by and play ttyd remake
The peach levels are very left to right
The only chapter I thought was pretty good when it came to not falling into that trend is Chapter 3.
and let you you know fucking level up
I just got my bluesky account yippe
I know if you spedran it otherwise, 20 forced fights is a bit much in your run lol
I think the amount of fights you have to do in glitzpit is ridiculous
Thankfully it's only half of the fights
That made the world building not great for me was the fact that you move so slow
It's at least before the conditions get more brutal
My least favorite chapter is 2
Yes we long hauling it today
Unlike my very uncommon (wrong) opinion that Chapter 6 isn't that bad, actually.
Dont worry Punies will be fixed in the remake
The punie mechanic is just buggy.
*not intended *lack of a better term
Nintendo: oh you dont like pikmin too bad we put them in chapter 2 as punies
i do like the late stream
I only had to play it casually once without knowing what it was, and I was 6 years old so it didn't matter 
I havent done 64 casually yet bt my favorite chapter is 7
I love the aesthetic and muisc
Last time I played pape casually was just 100% the switch port. rip
my issue w/ punies is they override "The Great Boggly Tree" BGM when they're with you
HIT BY THE AD, I'm so used to watching JCog I forgot about ads 
Chapter 6 i love the rock/bluesy music not so much the grind for items but randomizer dont mind any chapter
i just had to kill a Speargma. what a name
it was a spearow slugma fusion
one of the funnier names is poli-anything slugma
game trolled me every time it leveled up lmao
Ruby King? That's Santa Claus for all we know. LUL
Star and I are the MVPs
Don't forget to like, comment, subscribe, and share.
Im waiting for the drunk pape rando vod
I thought you did that on purpose
Phantom5800 will not disappoint 100% money back guarantee
time to talk about the khakiri tunic again
yo didnt know youd do this so soon after I suggested it LUL
OKAYyyyy but you gotta listen to the wii shop music
So slowgo goes in S+ tier right?
paper mario waifu tier list when
last stand goes in last stand tier KEKW
I mean I would've said S if you hadn't started with "it will surprise you"
i was sitting on it and spamming  click
throw i spy in there too LUL
Maybe if you have a TON of input lag
LP fight I always seem to miss the jump command so I could see it there
Mr. Strimmer, how could you not play the most fitting music being "Rowf's Badge Shop"?
What are the gold hammer and boots badge
I literally JUST got here lmao
Put power plus while you're at it
danger mario tier should be above S tier LUL
You also gonna get p-down d-up or you gonna wait fir later
Surge of Power! Love this track
I'm physically not allowed to press A when a prompt shows up
slow go in D tier cause it lets you sneak around clubbas KEKW
slow go not in s tier? peepoLeave
Slow go should go in S tier
Attack Fx C is a great badge LUL
I'm surprised they finally caved and let you turn off XP drops. Didn't the devs say they didn't want to do that a while ago?
You need to consider the casual and speedrunner sides
Mega and Super just have that extra damage factor
Too much FP, look towards flower saver
Oh yeah, I remember when I first saw that badge on TCRF. It's so cool
i didn't see the new badges yet, i'm assuming quake bounce was fixed to not be so broken right? lol
Would Right On be a lot lower if Quake Bounce was easy?
I think power bounce is F
"we all know- *Honey Nut Cheerios ad plays*"
i def used group focus as a dumb kid LUL
i was about to suggest that lol
I wonder if removing positive effects was intentional
that should be D tier then LUL
oh u mean to tell me ur randos and rando tourneys in general expanded memory to badges.
In black pit it's kind of goated
An early close call can feel good
whats the difference with the last 2?
damage dodge is just all or nothing for defense
nic salt disposable, bong rip, and mango pepsi
retype it in a better way
and you cant star beam lol
mb phantom i was letting you know what i took
I think Berserker is a really cool concept, but I'm not sure it's super practical.
i saw berserker got buffed to star beam on bowser. S tier tbh phanto274Smile
I thought they made star beam allowed
Didn't someone do a full berserker run
Oh really? That's a cool change
I see the tier list going strong over here
Dang I missed it, what's that badge on the end on B tier
im curious to pair dodge master and quake bounce
Blocks being eas9er on bowser is not nothing easier
@ili_t1nk_ili Increases your damage but you can't control Mario's actions
i know what most of the badges do, i wish i knew them all
It's useful in mods that use the Spiked Paragoomba
man ur a tough critic tonite
sounds like a youtube short lol
oh that what chill out does i never read it
who needs chill out? just dont get hit
im curious for quick change placement
I was about to say at least C
arent there plants you cant jump on?
are we still on fire shield?
hey there 2 good badges still there
what made you go with D for money money again?
Like money money in the beginning ?
its just funny to see it in the same tier with mini jump charge lol
super and d down is throwing me off
so super jump is better than mega jump? mega jump has more spikes so that would confuse me
Mega is pink with 4 spikes
Put power smash down there with it
It's a more expensive, worse damage dodge
I usually don't ever bother picking it up
zaptap stops bowser from attacking multiple times
I've used Zap Tap against Bloopers
I must have missed, why the locations of Spin/Dizzy Attack?
But you get the silly flailing spin
alot faster the shooting star outta sight shooting star
its damn near required if your big hitters are stupid expensive
Are you ranking based on randomization
A tier badge I never use LUL
You better not disrespect my FX B
the sound effects that make peach moan is S tier
I honestly dont know the differences
I'm so mad they didn't include FX F in the base game
In fact, Rando should include all 5 copies of FX F
I can never remember what A and D are
FeelingFine too low this list sucks my ass
All good except for the zap tap slander
why is pee, stored in the balls ?
I need them to say something with a braincell
Will there ever be an option to sell badges in game?
My favorite retro console was the TI 84
Hustle Drinks won't appear with vanilla item pool regardles
@ili_t1nk_ili you can in a certain mod
Only if you use the heart character instead of "<3"
Zaptap is only good if chapter 5 though
Star stone red key hmmmmm where does it want you to go
brand new seed, still won't pick up those items - that's some disrespect
phanto274GL on the run gotta go
Game is really trying to push you to chapter 7
I blessed the seed by giving you a good rng redeem
thats normal for rando standards LUL
Have you tried the Dark Star version of this game?
As much as I like to watch you suffer in a rando run this is gonna be a short run lol
No rush, I always wanted to try it since it's more challenging
I blessed the run too much 
Thank you @pethanct01 help balance the run more
He is gonna be screwed on his next run
Since file name is i love zap tap
To be fair its only useful against fuzzies
I learned that is in logic the other day
I think the bad rng infected this run.
that check was a dolly for me
The desert looks like most u.s. towns this year
It was a dry desert. Some might even call it dry dry.
first time Ive seen that, but M4 says thats vanilla too
Thanks for fixing the rng @pethanct01
I am no hero. Just doing what needs to be done.
Just keeping egos in check thats all
I know Ive seen that jump in TAS
Is this a bad scale mix?
Probably about to fall asleep, gl on the rest of the run phanto274Gold
I'm on the east coast and turning into an old woman lol
Still many more problems to go in the accounting department though. We need more controls and segregation of duties.
1/6 of the way to a glitchless 101% run lets go!
im just saving for the next one
I like that watt was just chillin
is that turtle the white light turtle
i mean 1 hr star is pretty dope
There needs to be a setting where I can skip chapter 8 or just I get the star rod when getting all the star dudes
I like the collecting a lot but not mich chapter 8
Is there a recommendation channel in the rando discord
Yo I never see rock climb on this stream
frak shovel jump and roof hop
They moved the dizzy stomp chest.
Got a low 76, and a 77
1 of my videos got copyrighted
Rosies the second worst, only behind the mayors wife.
Phantom do i ubereats Taco bell
I can go get it myself
To save 348972834 dollars on delivery
Remember when Taco Bell was found to use horse meat.
Gotta go for the night, may Zap Tap bless the rest of the seed
If that was an attempt to make me say gross to Taco Bell, you just made me hungrier
I think that article came out ten years ago.
I think they reversed course after that article
Its worth it for the chaos and intrigue
i have almost 100K points and no idea what to use them on lmao
i guess VIP when i get there
it's weird how mario falls differently when not aligned with the table (if i'm seeing that right))
I didn't see you go under the table
oh i think i know what u did wrong
you had to be closer to the top so u have enough time to make it
like when u on top u walk up a little more
Maybe it has something to do with how long you're under the table?
Well time to play some chill black pit phanto274Smile
Sweet, I just made some Popcorn
that was a lot of theme songs for walking to the fridge :)
What's your go to tb order?
i've been getting those new chicken enchilada burritos
my tacobell is close at 8 Sadge
I like the spicy potato soft tacos
i usually get 2 hard and 2 soft tacos
i don't think any fast food places are open past like 10pm here. never could get any workers post covid restricted hours
My quesadilla, taco and burrito have arrived
Oh also, TTYD REMAKE LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
yea i just get the $2 burritos cause everything else doesn't seem worth it
i'll never understand how a quesadilla is more than 5 dollars
that margins are just insane on $15 quesadillas
i love how in ttyd i basically have a megabomb that does 10 dmg
I just buy whatever I don't feel like making
tb quesadilla was my go to as a kid
Someone just dm'd me, and asked me to participate in their charity event... 3 days before the event
Sure lemme drop everything on my plate
I told them a 3 day notice isn't really exactly a great approach
is there a faster way to wake general white?
...it takes you more than 3 days to eat taco bell? Kappa
Yes obi, i wanna enjoy it
not all of us are kirby, Phantom
i thought rooms had < 3 rewards
But yeah, I was nice about it. Like, I need more than a 3 day notice to do something for an event lol
Especially when I have other things I'm focusing on
They've asked me in the past, but it just wasn't in my best interest
I don't even get a 70/30 partner split
No one dies to monstar PhantomGamesBot
i was thinking u was about to say that trash website kick
welp time to delete the cart
Frick Heck Darn Shoot It's Goombario
Wow Lucario, watch your fucking mouth
Imagine bootless gives Mario a barefoot sprite KEKW
Remember folks, this is not Rando. D-Down is bad here
how deep are you in alcohol- I mean, the pit
No, i heard you loud and clear
I got something you can take a large sip from
@buff00n you missed Joe Biden in the jackbox call
I got an extra Baja Blast from my uber driver
Don't clefts have armor? How's Bow hurting them?
@buff00n 0 Defense in Rougelike Pit
can't spell 'Black Pit' without 'blitz'
do i wish for the new character in genshin?
he a GIGACHAD the 1 issue is he not a waifu
They'd better give us a "Luigi's Adventures in the Waffle Kingdom" as the bonus remake content for TTYD+
At least a cutscene of each chapter will do
i want a new side quest then ended up being a super boss for ttyd remake
don't feel like cooking, so screw it, uber'ing Taco Bell
It was at this moment that Mario discovered....he's sandwiched
grabbed whatever tf a power bowl is
if Bow was allowed to use Power Plus or P-Up / D-Down she'd be busted
But a 90% on a Dayzee busts............suure
Well anyways, gonna lurk myself to sleep. Good luck.
Ah, is this for the new Phasmophobia Randomizer?
@CaptainMD13 weren't you going to bed???
Melatonin takes a bit to kick in
love that pit devolves into "I don't wanna deal w/ anyone unless I have to"
I mean, that's how I aspire to coast through life
anyone being people I don't know
make a short of the crash?
think it Bedge time for me
dw, there will be more ads in a second
NOOO dont tell me ur retiring as well!
I can't believe this is the last livestream ever
Koopaleaf for that price? I... Koopa-leaf it'd go that high :D :D :D
i almost fell out of my chair today
I need to pickup PM 64 again, since it's the only PM game thats got a decent rando
i ended up wishing for the new 5 star on genshin and i got 3 5 stars in 1 10 pull
Fun fact: Paper Mario 64 Randomizer hard crashes a 3ds XD
How many subs for a Phantom npc stream
Does he know about the npc streams
isnt an "NPC stream" just vtubing?
Doing good, sad I'm late tho lmao .. how are you?
Uh it's hard to explain LMAO
Is that going in the moving truck or with you?
How's the donkey kong getting there
I believe in him to do it
"Driving without a license" more like "Road Test Skip" Kappa
better idea. we drove from the SF Bay Area down here to phoenix when we moved and it was a long drive lol
almost died on the way when a semi almost pushed us off a bridge into the colorado river
all the bad marcoRNG marcoRNG_HF so stream is longer
I will get the last laugh
I moved recently myself.  Same state, just different city. Hope your move goes well.
Well not four loko, since this is rando phanto274Lurk
I meant to hit Good RNG for the move.
Best of luck on the move. I've moved from Minnesota to Vermont and back. It's rough.
even rougher when you don't have a license XD
It may take some time, but I will get back to you and the mods about Archipelago.
@pethanct01 Wait, are they adding Paper Mario to Archipelago?
is 'last stream from here', twitch? or your house
I think the devs said they wanted to wait until the rando was more stable before even considering something like that
I was like please don't go to kick
hey fam. gl on the seed
levias and I did co-op dk64 rando LUL
the last phantom stream from the PACIFIC NORTHWEST
next phantom stream will be from THE FUCKING DESERT
Hes moving to where there is no water
get a green screen and have your background be dry dry outpost
@Mirby_Studios So it'll match the RNG of the next seed? Kappa
Wasnt there a Sam Kinison bit about living in a desert being absurd because there is no food?
i did make that arizona meme
I've been watching archipelago for a good bit. Biggest I've seen is Marvel Snap, Kingdom Hearts 2, Doom, Pokmon Red, Pokmon Emerald and Dark Souls 3. The chaos was fun to watch.
I just know Orange is a major supporter of you.
Considering the gift subs they drop.
that was weird, when levias raided my my headphones went static-y, hat to restart my PC to fix it
i had that the other day
@Axl_SR It still gave you the raider tag lol
Sienna killed all the peed in morphs chat again I need to do it somewhere
Last stream from here? Are you leaving twitch for youtube? Kappa
I have to go to sleep. Have a nice stream and good luck on the move.
had a dream about a Luigi's Mansion game, but you played as Peach and she didn't have the vacuum
That might be mine it's pretty good
damn I gotta get another one then
only thing that worries me for the peach game has too many ideas from different genres that dont blend together
I guess? There was a bit where you stole a key from a ghost, had to select the correct item then slam the door before the ghost caught you
why the ghost couldn't jiat phase through the door, I'unno
Who needs boots when you have Laki? Kappa
These normal boots were made for walking
"Please, don't take my pocket change, Kent. C."
Plot Twist: Kent C. Koopa wanted to be Mario partner but we got Kooper instead. LUL
Someone's won the Fuzzy Game once
I cant wait to see what the new adventure holds for you
whats the difference between this and a 101% run?
sorry if thats a dumb question
but i dont know what 101% includes
This has got to be the most walked in and most jumped in normal boots in Pape rando history.
So i def shouldnt be saving 60,000 points right lol
I dk if I could put someone I like through a 6+ hour stream
have you did the pokemon i redeem a while ago? i dont remember
nah i can wait i was jw
How often do you do rando crystal runs?
Also, i dk how you manage to keep all these checks for all these games in your brain
my birthday is almost a month away so I told my brother what I wanted to do this year.
Ill drink for all of you.
im getting married in october. So im here for the challenge
hey, if you guys can make it to orlando ill save a seat at Top Golf.
im not above drinking picklebacks everytime someone gets a star
I actually have a trip to orlando in 3 weeks
hey! That's when Lai and I met when she came down LUL
i live an hour and a half from orlando. unless you're into theme parks, youre not missing much
more than likely gonna have to cancel because of work
we would die the way my buddies and i play
its usually 7-9 stars winning it with everyone over 4 late
Jcog explained how to remove icons from the tracker, Id prob remove bubble berry instead of cake myself
i used to think i knew a good amount about this game. Almost everytime i watch you do a rando i learn something
mostly cause I have clearable chapters highlight
I call that The Pokey section.
I listen to pulse stone on repeat for 10 hours. my white noise
my cat just ran across my desk my bad
hes this big orange dummy. whole monitor arm just came forward on me. wild animals
reason why you glitched in or just showing off?
Dude hes just silently sitting in front of my sealed etb collection waiting for me to lower my guard..
all these keys though... what if the hammer was pokeys?
are there actual upgrades in this seed ? ? ?
I have 0 surprise you liked that rt frame 0 buff00n
tutankoopa is into cosplay. change my mind
chains and whips have gotta be in this ruins
if i didnt have to teach tomorrow... it would be hammered time for the pokeys
Id want the seed number just to go hit those pokeys
you are a violent person arent you? with all that chaos
could it be progressive scaling in terms of enemies then?
Alright its midnight 30 here and I gotta be up at 6 am. Ill leave the lurk up. Have a safe start to your new adventure and good luck on the travel. Have a good night everyone!
whats a speedrun that blows your mind everytime you see it? For me its Super Monkey Ball 1 or 2
the super monkey ball mods are insane
I feel that way for most games but monkey ball runs are just cracked
I still am obsessed with SMB2
the switch "remake" with it is very different though
same. my passport expired in 2015
you can come to brazil anyway YEP
my passport expired in 2018 I think
but I still have an American visa technically 4Head
lol, you featured your "Oops All Progressive Boots" clip LUL
wdym last stream from here? are you moving to a different platform?
how do you have so much Goddamn money?
OH lets go baby good luck with that!
do you have enough youtube vods stored up?
that's a shame i was expecting a phantom stream next monday at 9pm central on the dot
oh you were talking about youtube ads
id watch on twitch cause no ads, but ddont have a problem running the youtube vod in the background LUL
Post it I'll add it if good
oh we're talking about 7tv emote suggestions?
i uploaded a hard one recently
Changed my name to the actual one once
yo let's go, xdd catalog being added
And now it's back to that
What do you think of the emotes phantom
that got added but not sup i feel so betrayed
Buff00n liked samus a lot I wonder why
Nothing like a crunchy white womans ass
wtf, how many was that LOL
Or just mythra and make yourself happy
wait lemme see if that's on 7tv
i should get around to play those
i own 1 but speedrunning lol
Phantom, am I still required to play the entire series ?
surprised the first one failed tbh
only reason i say that is cuz i was looking at your input display lmao
Ok I think this is the worst one
Im not gonna be the first poster
what cursed shit are you doing now lmao
oh raven that emote is something else
74 just asked me to stop adding emotes
@RuneRavenFP get that Pika the fuck outta here
rigby is looking good right now
alright adding that to my list of tricks to never do NOTED
he has palace key which jcog is missing
Do you know what else is looking good
It's a mirror that only shows me
hi, im from the youtube gang
i see, no more toys and such in the background
And the best part? Still no upgrades. Kappa
no i remove all upgrades my bad
The Snowmen gotta have the boots, right?
that's the home owner's problem now
if you've some toothpaste, just wipe some over the problem
i need to get some posters for my room i have none
let me guess u didn't reply
If someone told me I looked like my dad I would no longer be here
Esp cause for me it's blatantly untrue I'm like 90% of my moms traits lol
physically, I look like my mum
personality wise, I'm a clone of my grandmother
lol, you and rigby are on the same genral guy phase
you guys even repel gel'd at the same time LMFAO
about 2 and a half minutes off
4 chapter done no hammers or boots YEP
you telling me u have 500 coins and you not gonna buy laki
yo, did you play paper mario 64 ttyd?
its really good but super buggy
I had to beat bowsers castle without taking dmg or it would freeze haha
wait a min is that THE mitchflowerpower
twitchcon is going to be crazy
do you get out of state tax too?
I'm surprised, where are you now that's more expensive than vegas
that means you'll also be around for EVO
nevada is the "lets have 1 state do whatever they want"
but yeah pm64 ttyd is prtty cool
only thing i'll say is speedy spin stacks LUL
i have like 5 of them rn
I think one main issue is people having WAY to many badges
I want that many badges sure but it seems to make the game unstable
yeah, I was gunna go through on easy mode and see how many speedy spins I could get
is there a schedule for gdqx
shit i miss it where was it?
I got to 5 as well and was just like oh my god
In the oasis? It's the perfect place for a hammer. Kappa
jaye about to spin so fast that they're gonna rip into another game
to get the 5th one yes I had to do NG+
speedy spin a hole into the fabric of spacetime
I'm curious about Slow Go as well
I was at lunch with cutieroo/mike uyama/keizaron/emrayquaza because I think there was also a gdqx at pax west
Imagine having that long of a cooldown on baby making
I could do it every turn
i'm playing infinite fusion and i just ran into a spiritomb/shedinja fusion
thankfully it has pressure not wonder guard lol
have you seen any fusion with miltank
but the funniest is tauros/miltank. it's just a normal fuckin' cow
F I N A L L Y
yes my burnuuy is finally evolving
oh congrats on the new digs
I've only moved between southern california and northern california
OH vegas is much cheaper than seattle
does orange have a tv you can bum for a couple days
phantom got tired of mount rainier stalking him, that's why
hope the move goes super well!
going from PAX West to EVO/TwitchCon
until Phantom's setup in the new place, we'd appreciate and encourage y'all to check out the vods uploaded to the youtube channel
the seed REALLY likes these berries
might have to lurk for both of them i don't wanna get spoil
i just hope there's some new content, outside of boss rematches
Jesse better watch it 10000 times
my biggest hope is that in postgame you can swap mario OUT of the party for more triple attack combos
it would also be fun to see the best combinations for those boss rematches if they don't require mario
yeah i still need to get sparks of hope
especially if you can swap Mario out in the overworld
just cuz the sequel has "more" doesn't make the sequel better, by definition
i still think the first game getting leaked was the best thing for it
it allowed people to get past the wtf factor just in time for the official reveal
so they were more willing to give it a chance
i love that mario + rabbids 1 for a new version of dk64 DK isles
you said this was someone 1st rando seed right?
this seed is beyond hot garbage
Very fitting for your last stream
I will gamble all my points
if y'all win, y'all get pay OUT
I just took notes from all the practice material for hosting we got. Feeling a bit better about my audition tomorrow
can you imagine if I had won
I like my 6 month badge, I was bow for halloween last year
lewis would of got 120k EZ
I didn't even realize I'd been watching you for 7 months
I got like 2K points from that
i currently have one fused with breloom
you have a year 1 right
ive got someething I think youd like to see
just make it bow again and I'll subscribe until I get it
Bow, but she has the fan out
The first thing to come up with gardevoir in 7tv is gardevoir feet
thats it i'm naming this breskull Phantom
do you have a watt badge
oh that what month 2 is
wasn't she prepping a gdq thing for a bit
I'm dumb and just realized it's all ghosts because your username is phantom
I was like 'oh they just really like ghosts'
see, I want watt because I'm lewisandSPARK
It took my husband so. Long. I mean, he did every chapter AND fought like every encounter
Right and I totally forgot he had keysanity off and it confused me so much with the checks
Right, I suppose I never said, lol
2am, good night, have a safe move, see you on the other side phanto274Smile
I convinced him on that one
god i want sunflower seeds now
ice, you know Ive never left eh eastern time zone LUL
I'm grateful for late night insomnia strims
I think only two are required??? Trying to remember
And I remember one seed being in a really dumb spot. Don't remember where though
I'm also est its late af here
arizona is heaven compared to florida right now lmao
I'm west coast so it's not late but I should be asleep
Oh yeah, fuck panels, lol. I had them on once. Never again. Took me ever to be able to flip them
my 1st pape seed had panels
Oh hey there's new people in here what do you guys think of SamusDumper
catJAM I will watch my Language Phantom
do we not have F badge?
the seed in jcog and rigbys race was really bad
yeah watch your FRICKIN mouth lucario, god heck
third tubba key was behind 4th ruins key
goombario was apparently for sale. no price is low enough
they both full cleared the seed
actually i believe thats a seed
I didn't know you ran TTYD
well guess you in go mode since it no key sanity the items are just in ch6
i still think the funniest check for goombario is now tayce t cooking him
the only ttyd runner I know is monado
as long as you don't eat boshi we're good
can it be november 17th yet
this is the third time tonight ive been dying laughing while watching a stream
can it be oct 27th yet
what happens on nov 17 and oct 27
I GOT AN EGG FROM A TRAINER AND IT HATCHED INTo
the boshi was also sufficiently satisfied too
oct 27 is alan wake 2
I am v excited for SMRPG
in fact, i'm foaming at the mouth
I don't remember the cave part.
Oh and he didn't have to do lava stuff
I know where boots are, lol
fail the quiz the fight the anti guys
oh wait are all key items in their respective chapters
ok you are slightly less psychic
It was throwing me off so badly
I was wondering why the bed in tubba had so many keys
I was like dying when he was finding keys in their own dungeons until I realized
And still forgot again until now cuz no one runs without keysanity
My chaos combined with my husband's caution made for a very odd seed LUL
god i hate super boot power bounces
ive got lube on my desk for a reason
i dont know what it is but its a reason
i have.... 2 cans of compressed air
blow it in his face during runs
don't worry about what i do with my air
oh yeah, i forgot you can give mods power to do that
phantom are you ready for meat sweats in vegas
i have a 30 year old box of matches, a bottle of rubbing alcohol from a drug store that was acquired and taken over in 1995, 2 condoms, a costco sized bottle of tylenol, and an individually packaged uhhh serving??? of lube. thats all the stuff on my desk infront of me
wait, we're going through Bowser's ? ? ?
I'm very curious how old the condoms are 
old enough to explode into dust when you open them
theyre from when i went to pride this year
I've just a buncha random shit on my desk
i have a ps5 controller my phone headset and a empty can of coke on my desk
@OhHeyItJaye I just clicked back in after checking some other shit and this is the first message I see
tbf, I can only get latex free, so that might be the thing
the condoms arent old, theyre just on my desk bc i forgot to put them somewhere else
oops, I meant like they don't last as long. My bad PrideLaugh
i have a blue one and a red one
I don't remember exactly where anymore
I think it is in Peach's castle?????
you could argue crystal palace is a castle
What is a fortress but a castle that is edgy?
I thought that said orgy instead of edgy LOL
Boo's Mansion are castles. They're just lv. 1 castles. Kappa
Yeah, either Bowser or Peach's. I know that for sure
Dry Dry Ruins is just a big sand castle. Kappa
what even does badge synergy do?
Not the start. One of the jail ones
Well, one of the Koopatrols by the jails, I mean
one of the ones that normally holds a prison key
They would drop the jail key in vanilla
@TheTunnelingCat I agree. This game is funny.
Cuz they are guarding those cells
Like the first Koopa in Koopa Bros Fortress
5 cap on Jr. Troopa. You love to see it. FeelsGoodMan
POWER SHOCK HALLWAY BABEY LETYS GO
Ah, Hallway Bowser. The ender of runs
OH YEAH. Bow was being sold at the shop in the mansion 
ill still never live down the time I forgot to swap to bow and was like, welp, guess ill try and power shock and it worked
I was wondering about that, lol
you never even pick it up lol
@BethKage Bow was being sold in her own Mansion? LUL
One of my seeds had Bow in a crate in the mansion LUL
Why have partners when you have Laki? Kappa
my fav place to find partners is under the ice in 7
Goombario behind bars in Fortress was one of my favorites. Next to a cell where Parakarry was
The real question is who put her in the shop in the first place?
Parakarry did nothing wrong, man. He just "misplaced" the mail
madude was funny because who hatched from the egg?
I can't wait to tell Ryan about this run when he wakes up, lol
I should be asleep, but yay, can't sleep. Oh well, allowed me to watch some of this
damn only if u had laki for cloud 9
then sleep for like 2 hours right?
It's almost 2 AM here LUL
Plot Twist: Star Rod is the Ultra  Boots.
some of the settings of all time
I love coinsanity. Foliage adds some weirdness
whew, now I can cuss like crazy
that's like the best one too
I'm still waiting for them to add that to a rando
fun fact: i grew up in the region where the gold rush started in 1848. there are still abandoned mines and air shafts all over
my hometown burned down twice. after the second time they fuckin' moved it
That sounds so cool though, lol
"this place is cursed we're moving the town over here"
much like the toilet i don't give a shit
Yo is that the next Paper Mario title?
Paper Mario: The Hundred Year Old Toilet
are there any petrified dogs under there?
I visited Seattle when I was a kid and the most memorable thing for me is how massive the slugs are in Washington
In Minnesota they don't get over an inch in length
What if they want to be stepped on
gotta get the salt. they'll never do it again
sorry, I'm feeling spicy tonight. must be the heartburn LOL
I did that to a slug once cuz I thought what people were saying was definitely fake. I was horrified to find out it wasn't a lie
yeah, apparently with how I was treating myself and then having a drink I didn't know that was like 5 cups of coffee in caffeine this weekend, it really fucked me up for this week PrideLaugh
I do feel better today for the most part
i once tried to play GAME OVER YEAHHHH in audiosurf
it was too short for me to reach any notes
ngl though, since I cut off caffeine fully, I def get tired way earlier, which I wanted tbh
yeah, it does feel weird, I'll say that much
I am pouring tf UP rn
let me guess moving truck is coming at 7am
I'm a sucker for those badges
I saw Monado play months back
And I've seen others too, including your vods on YT
it's to the point so I like it PrideLaugh
I want a goombario spring in my house
All right, I'm gonna try to actually sleep now, lol. Good night and good luck! Thanks for the entertainment! And good luck with the move!
I would say midnight is very definitely still "night"
yeah, why do they call it night if it's morning? 
But that's like saying 11pm is "afternoon"
I'm playing unite with jesse this game is ass
I would say I'd never financially recover, but you saved me 10 bucks
Okay yes afternoon is technically after noon
netherlands and germany share the same timezone though PrideLaugh
You'd do well here with remarks like that Kappa
I always find it quite interesting to hear Americans talk about where their family is originally from. I don't know my family history that well at all
"My name is ... Guy... Incognito"
"Hi my name is... CrayoffCrayon. Yeah."
And they were just like "Sounds legit, here's your gun, go get 'em"
Verypolish is a good last name
It's payback for the hotel doxxing me
We stayed in the SGDQ hotel
It just put my name on the TV in size 200 font
They should put his SSN next time
I was like YO THANKS LMAO
I cant wait for it to again say "oh but thats not this partner" on the next couple springs KEKW
I gotta bring the badge back
oh so now you can say it like a normal person
i snapped one of the armrest screws on my chair and now i can't lean back iceblueSad
and now my back is killing me
A fish out of water you could say?
okay i found a way i can still lean back
I never thought I would hear "squirting is so inefficient"
I really should stream while this shit is a thing
Shoutout to all the subbers. <3
@RuneRavenFP bitch, you should stream more than once a month
Bedge gl on the move see you next week
im gonna fall asleep to your strim and these beautiful paper sounds
dont worry i love squirting don't hold back
gonna lurkge gl with pit tarttaPied
I was thinking Gatorade but okay. LUL
what if i fuck your youtube?
Dislike every video. Algorithm forever ruined. Kappa
Now I just get fucked on every zelda 2 video by some random dude that took the temple music and sang absolutely dogshitty over it
i need to show you the video
it's a fucking masterpiece of dogshit
Is that what we're calling it? jcogSmirk
I mean its not exiting the screen is it KEKW
I watch black pit runs to squiry
all I get is "mario write a word right -> cake for life" KEKW
cus no dimensions were given about the cake
Tidal wave is just a stronger squirt that can hit everybody. on screen.
Fishing for a partner that can't squirt
i see some power in those badges
i never get lucky enough in the early stages for the rogue like runs
i'm having a rough time adjusting to doing night streams, cause night shift rn
i've been starting at like 2 am lately lol
at least on nights i don't work lol
I'm DMing you a full list of things I do
all i'm doing right now is being in intense back pain
@squirter So you're the squirter and not the squirtee?
it was a serta big and tall one i got on amazon because of my weight
I need a new chair honestly
yes jcog literally told me that too lmao
she also went "yeah get secret labs" lmao
I don't have secret labs money
i'm watching both of y'all on separate screens right now lol
"What if I refreshed and squirted"
gotta run tho, have fun with the rest of the run!
"What if I refreshed and squirted?" - Phantom5800
now phantom is gonna have to flee washington in SHAME for saying that
nah he just gotta do it - see
We have no shame here. We're all squirters here. Kappa
aki knows you're a squirter now. good to know about a future roommate
How  would you rank the  Paper mario games?
MORTON? MORE LIKE... ... less ton...
Imagine getting banned for gifting subs
@RuneRavenFP there was a great quote earlier 
I'll ban Phantom right now for 1 bit
"What if I refreshed and squirted?" - Phantom5800
I don't benefit from that bit
Ban the bot for 1 bit. LUL
Don't worry. I was disappointed too. I wanted Gatorade
When you come to my place though you should absolutely hydrate more. Place is dry as hell
I'll ban again for 2 bits
I'll ban iceblue for 2 bits
i literally had heat stroke in my first week in arizona
i like that ice isn't commenting on me calling them a coward
Well! Excited to see you soon! I sent you the address and stuff yea?
3 bits and i'll free phantom from their prison
hit the stick a few times and see if it works, maybe it'll cause a bit of squirting
Do you need to be picked up or are you taking an Uber?
Phantom saying 10pm like it's late
Just like.. yell at me in Twitch chat when you get here Ill likely be doing the charity stream still
grandpa goin to bed at 9pm
what time zone is vegas again
  I DON'T WANNA DISTURB YOU AT 10PM AKI
Dont forget to take out yo teeth
aki be dming me at 6 in the god damn morning
i'm in the FUCKED UP TIMEZONE
i'm in the TIMEZONE THAT CAUSES LEGITIMATTE PSYCHIC DAMAGE
@iceblue I do not sleep lmao
i'm basically pacific now, but once everyone else is done with daylight savings, i'm mountain
I've been up for 24 hours should I sleep
it's honestly not that complicated really
Work switching me from nights and mornings back and forth this week is not good for me lol
Alrightie, Im gonna get some rest. Take care and have a lovely stream!! orange188AYAYA
but it just means i change my stream time cause come november i'm back at 10pm instead of 9pm lol
but it'll be the same time for everyone else
if i press that hydrate button will it be with rogue energy
first sushi and the powers of fluids, now laki... PrideLaugh
Alright, it was fun while it lasted. I'm off to bed. Night, chat. Night Phantom.
Bow slaps real good too so it's a good trio
Here's some Good RNG before I go
that chair i had only lasted 6 months iceblueSad
I'll drag your soul back down to your body bucko
I have this one too waynerBrand
Paper mario sound font is so wholesome
waynerBrand waynerDBrand the 2 powers unite
You'll have fuku burger to solve your woes dont worry
yeah i miss 2 places specifically from when we lived in livermore
Fuku Burger will ease the burden the bit
first street alehouse, which had a great special Grilled Cheese of the Week and an indian place called Clay Oven that had a great buffet
I still want to find a good all you can eat buffet around here somewhere
Every one I've been to was like "okay yeah it's cheap but it's not good"
Probably. I'm not expecting haute cuisine or anything
I need vegas to host a good fgc event outside of evo so I can have an excuse to go down there
Fucking lvl up expo wont run kof
But if I pick something with rice, I would like my rice to be properly cooked
Took a chance on the sushi and the rice was undercooked. I was like "Yeah I'll make it myself next time, I can do this better"
I haven't made sushi either, but I have made kimbap
The rolling part is a little tricky at first, but it's really not that hard
And you can have like 10 rolls for the price of one ordered in
Musubi is like the Hawaiian style right?
You can literally use the spam can to shape it
I'm not gonna go there anytime soon anyway, continue your story LUL
Hawaiian cuisine seems really interesting, I should probably look into that some more
I also want to try Cajun sometime
oop, ad break. Be back in a few minutes
Anyway. Came across a really good video one time where they were like "It needs pepper. No, more pepper than that. No, keep going. Just keep going until I say stop."
and the criterium for when you should stop is when your arm gets tired from cranking the pepper mill
I think they were making gumbo
Is hurricane and spook just the same move?
I've dm'd you, I'm pretty sure I'm right
I've heard bits and pieces, did things take a turn for the worse
speaking of streaming from one's phone, I was actually thinking of doing that sometime
but I haven't figured out a way to attach a usb mic to my phone
Like I can't use my webcam for Cooking With Crayon
so disney speedstorm is now officially free to play, and the aladdin season has started
For one of my classes when I was doing teacher training, we had to make a cooking instruction video
the characters added are Aladdin, Genie, Jasmine, and Jafar
So that's when the pilot episode of Cooking With Crayon was made. It was uhh... Not good LUL
you also have Crew members, who can buff your characters and come in three tiers, the highest are exclusive to a character. and i easily guessed correctly
Abu for Aladdin, Rajah for Jasmine, Carpet for Genie, and Iago for Jafar lol
which i mean, nobody could sound like gilbert gottfried anyways so i'm glad he's not a voiced character
what the fuck is Thousand Year Star
yo your bot just named a new TTYD hack
you have to wait for a thousand years, then you get a star
there's nothing else to do in this hack
another fun thing about speedstorm is there are 4 character "classes" being Speedster, Trickster, Brawler, and Defender
Jasmine's the Speedster, Aladdin the Trickster, Genie's the Defender, and Jafar is the Brawler
last season was Stitch, who is also a Speedster, so right in my style
best of luck with the move PAUSERS
i hovered over genie for a second and he said "who's got two thumbs and 5000 speeding tickets? this guy!"
genie really said fuck the police
the one time i did this fight, my charged bounce did 47 initially KEKW
lemme see if there's a clip
have a good one and a safe drive
Hey phantom what song is this
Does that mean all your shit is finally here
Which shiny starter am I getting in heart gold
Maybe I should just ban you until you get a shiny
I've just been watching wolfey vids cause I wanna see how vgc currently is
Its of Single Ladies and the lake guardian theme
I still remember when the bot tweeted abt love live
oh yea now that's an emote
Coney used it so fucking much
There's no kof at the function why go
You can play cammy and watch her ass jiggle every st.MK you hit
Assuming the setup has the classic alt unlocked
last 2 items were fortress key and daimond stone, key was super blooper and stone was top of fortress fifiBlank
Ok I gotta get ready to go to iowa have fun with tiny link
Gonna go win a kof tourney
yo raven, wanna borrow my fight stick for that?
phantom, do you know if backward forest checks are out of logic? I feel like I heard that somewhere?
Yo Phantom, gl on the runs!
This run is better because it has a better RNG sNeed
Has anyone done a speedrun while drunk?
Going through Forever Forest backwards can no longer be expected in logic with closed forest. Instead, the "Forever Forest Backwards" trick has been added in the "Glitches & Tricks" section.
that was added like 2 weeks ago
I did it anyways cause I wasnt sure
so gulch led to toybox and toybox had forest path
plus forest could have badges too
Backwards forever forest is the worst
like when I did it today I found the seed room before secret room 1 so it does still throw me off
yeah, but I agree having it out just to simplify things
watching daily races in VC has been so much fun
Ohh nice Ive watched the vods forever but finally made it to a stream Yee
I should be working but itll be alright
You know airheads bites is a really special kind of candy you really cant get anywhere else. And how can you do wrong with flavors like. Sugar. Corn Syrup. Maltodextrin. Dextrose. And everyones favorite Hydrogenated Coconut Oil. It just goes to show that it is the best snack to enjoy while Jaiirou throws his runs. And did I mention its peanut free? Perfect for all you peanut haters in the chat! Disclaimer: This is not a sponsored TTS. Cheer100
I forgot to change the name KEKW
What's up girl I mean they
Oh he makes sounds every swing like the link to the past port
We just need to be better
Oh nintendo's favorite boss a face with two hands
TRUSTUS we will get a full run.
You gotta pray to dog rngesus he'll not block your way huh
How many runs has that dog killed
Its a dog eat run world
usually I wouldn't but I'd get a 3 day weekend and I can use PTO for tomorrow
dont be risky in my fave dungeon
I thought you said body buffer and was like wut
The twins are calling to us.
tbh i went live bc i wanted to grind one star and i got my goal time in literally 3 mins of being live
grinded for an hour and a half last night and couldnt get it OMEGALUL
Cheer100 congratulations on the fat pb
top 10 indeed a real gamer
Eh... I'll see what I can do raysL
MY ASS IS ABSOLUTELY CALLING OFF
@buff00n did anything particular happen at work
is that a good aaaa or a bad aaaa
We can talk about it over Mario Wonder
ur careful enough fairies not required. dopezzLUL LUL HypeLUL
i did not but GGs phanto274GG
how much ddid you pb by
that's some fucking gaming right there
i'm gonna be doing midgame practice for MM soonish where i also lose a shitton of time there so i feel that lol
my pb up until after twinmold is only 3 minutes behind pope
so my beginning isn't bad, i just suck at the mid game from looking at the numbers lol
yeah it's just pope and i
what other goals do you have?
not bad, you're def capable of the 3:09
TRUSTUS we wont let this rust take us down.
Rigby beat LP, Huff, Tutan, Tubba Heart, ch 8 jr, and final with Goombario KEKW
this dungeon is my fave regardless
that is a nice headboard tho, makes me want to get a new bed frame/headboard
marcoRage_HF minimi6Rage kefka1Rage tippiRage phanto274Rage marcoRage
Ima be goin to a VGC local next week(maybe)
Ima make a team for it over the week
Maybe I should just use my Stonjourner team for the lolols
She was in the bed with you
The team is pretty real it just has stonjourner
It makes flutter mane super kill everything
Also congrats on the PB last night
As long as you have enough rubieees
hey boss, going for a walk
Seems like you found a lot in the first few mins
Someday i should play this game. Its one of the few zelda games i never played
Oracle games were cool but Replayability is low
Have there been rando updates recently
Ahw thanks @hlpm123 you didnt have to do that
didn't know we were that close
This is getting out of hand, now there are 2 of them.
There were 2 of that girl following you
did you just steal his lunch
It seems people are waiting for multiworld on this game
that moment when you find one of oak's aides and you say SURE I HAVE THAT MANY SPECIES CAUGHT and you're one over that amount
i had no idea i just went YEAH I TOTALLY HAVE 30 and i had 31 lmao
At least you have a sword
it honestly doesn't look bad lmao
that's about as pale as i am
That was a lot of items
yeah i'm not that pale lmao
but i do burn about as easily as someone who is
This well isn't horror material... 0/10
My dad wants me to use Snorlax for my local so ig I will LMAO
Snorlax isnt even in this game!
He said he wanted me to use his favorite p[okemon, which is machamp who isnt in SV
252+ SpA Choice Specs Adaptability Kyogre Water Spout (150 BP) vs. 252 HP/4 SpD Toxapex in Rain: 329-388 (108.2 - 127.6%) -- guaranteed OHKO
I said norhing abt either Kyogre or Toxapex
i just told a customer to check a website, linking the website, and they asked "got a link to that?"
yes it's literally what i just said
i had a customer earlier who didn't want to use carplay or android auto because it "sends data to the vehicle that could be stolen by an unscrupulous mechanic"
Ah yes. They really want to know who you listen to on spotify
also like if you're concerned about an "unscrupulous mechanic" then don't go to a shady fucking mechanic for your work lmao
I work in the field of monitoring and believe me that 99% of the things you do is really not interesting
like watching some nerd named phantom, not interesting at all
Im waiting for phantom to pretend hes stuck in the webcam. Phantomiming
okay so that's not me this time
"that's a lot of frames dropped" time to drop MORE then -OBS apparently
they're usually good in my area. haven't really had any major issues
5% is a lot in the world of the internet
i literally cannot get a different ISP in my place cause the wiring in my walls is all sorts of fucked up apparently (went to get centurylink when we moved in and that rep was like "yeah no shit's fucked in there"
like the mechanic was out here and everything and it just was not gonna work
What'd the sign do to you?
oh i don't have fiber lol
it reminds me of a joke i heard about how slow internet is worse than no internet. if there's no internet you're a bit annoyed but it doesn't work so you're just whatever about it and you do other things
but slow internet is just the worst cause it SHOULD be working and it ISN'T just WORK ALREADY
my plan is 500Mbps unlimited data for... like $50 i think
Yeah the stuff from the router to your hard drive have to be very good to pull that off
i'm not sure if a discount is getting applied this month since i just paid
Damn Bow is in this game?
What do you need so much upload for?
my upload on this plan is 50Mbps
which is fine for what i use it for
Yeah i dont upload much anymore
"yeah my vods are 1080p" *youtube crustiness intensifies*
there's literally a sticker in the GaMetal server from a video that was 1080p except youtube said "lol"
Luckily you cant watch them anymore cuz all the adblock stuff thays happening
i still have yet to be hit by those notices
Youtube will kill themselves if they continue this path
Yeah but its 15 here 15 there. In the end you spend so much money on it
Aight never subbing to you again
it's so dead at work (main chat channel is down for a week) that i'm just playing Pokemon AlteRed lol
i did a multiworld with czar and them the other day and it was confusing cause i did LADX and czar was doing LttP so i kept finding items i could use but they were czar's lmao
"oh boy flippers" *sent to LttP* fuck
Also I have the house to myself
Ima invite all the cute Asian woman at collegg
I though I misheard you when you said "blow up the school"
That seems like a good place to keep it
"Why was there a book in school?!?"
oh right we can add quotes
What does it have in vanilla
i dunno i think it needs a catchy name like some LttP caves
Also you should do another lets go run sometime
oh my fucking god porygon is a pill bottle
"money in the cloud" no we are not doing crypto
paperario and rigby is doing something I want to try, one does rando the the other reads off the spoiler log lol
you afraid of a little ball and chain LUL
Spedning 400 dollars to get 50
yo was Marin in Link's bed PopeyesSpicyChickenSandwich
did they change the name for minish cap?
can't believe they buried the king underwater
just had a customer who somehow accidentally set the site language to spanish lmao
Can't stick around, but enjoy the rando <3
dammit just got destiny bonded cause i was stuck in rollout lmao
the one time i wanted rollout to miss lol
Here's another 5 for that lol
I having you work this much lol
you got to be kidding me lol
What if I went to denny's by myself
guess who's having carl's jr for lunch
okay i have one mon in my team not fully evolved yet
oh dang they sped up the arrow panel travel speed
All these arrows but no bow
Who dropped their sword in the water
How is it empty it was under water
What was that bat not needing keys
Can you cheat your way past it
Well Ima go somewhere and eat, idk where but Im going there.
would've laughed if that was fake
Well you probably won't die atleast lol
Im waiting for my pancakes and eggs
I went to Village Inn the other night and got a fat ass breakfast burrito, sooo good
Malon on top the bed like "Wake up, Fairy Boy! We're gonna on an adventure!"
Kind of random question but thought I'd ask .. have you thought about making merch? Cause I'd definitely buy some phanto274Smile
But like pins or shirts maybe
Sweet! Glad it's definitely a thought
I'm good, how are you? phanto274Smile
im doing good, just got home from mini golfing with a friend
do you pronounce it milk? or malk?
I'm back from stealing Baja Blast from the event I worked at
Cheer100 Cheer100 this is all i have
twitch just doesnt like me ig
I don't care if I have to watch ads, bits are kinda a scam
i just used Dig on 5F of Pokemon Tower lmfao
inflation has really hit hyrule hard, you only can get a piece of heart where a heart container was before
inflation was not the word I expected to read when looked back at chat
at this rate you're gonna 100% this seed
I tuned in, and IMMEDIATELY left for some hours
I didn't know, I'm just here to support the homie
And he's timed out after getting home
Are you even gonna do a crystal rando after this
Long spin is so satisfying in that hall
You would need long cause it wouldn't go far stickshamDamn
Vati's 2 forms are built like kirby bosses
Dude is a giant eye ball
That is literally kirby boss 101
Pallos 1 more Kirby reference out of you and I'll time you out for 1 minute and 1 second
I thought Pokmon was a bad franchise?
So you're saying that Pichu could be the best Pokmon?
600 BST Sunken LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Didnt wanna be a jynx but eh
"look we know sabrina's gym is a maze here's her badge"
Pokmon would never reuse assets, they're a hard working dev team stickshamDEMON
HE CAN'T KILL A SPIDER LOLOLOL
Noo I missed the end of the run phanto274Cry
LOOK HOW THEY MASSACRED MY BOY
Im slowly accepting that Im a jynx
Ima get ice punch for my next lvl up move
I miss bike-less start cuz of the off-chance you find someone's bike in a tree
that's not until Gen 4 Pallos
at least there's no fairy types
yeah fairy totally would've been a special type lol
Remember me, when you look at the moon (ball) !
addquote "Pallos why do you suck?"
wasn't gonna actually add that as a quote
Yeah why is the trainer Jesse
What was going on in Minish Cap?
got the runback, Jesse can hold that
What accuracy does mega kick have
real Pallos would never kick a spider
I would never lose to Pallos
Phantom, why would you do that
Set a few PBs in mario wonder
Well can I talk about SMBW spoilers now that it's been a week?
@Pallos7 cuz it'd be VERY unfortunate if Phantom named the Jynx after me
haven't beat Wonder, but who gives a toss about Mario spoilers
Cheer50 GL on the 16 gym badges
why does Pineco look so intimidating
i just dont know where they are
needs one more in that last stat
Never seen such a pineco moveset
Also Im pretty sure I need a different prescription now
Can't relate. My eyesight is 20/10
maybe I should get my eyes checked sooner than later
i haven't had my eyesight checked in some time
but i can see pretty good regardless
Im bulky what can I say
maddy only found out they needed glasses when they went to get their license and the DMV went "fuck you're blind as shit"
I won a bet w/ a friend so they bought me a Steam game from my wishlist
No one talks about how much of a banger azelea town is
I don't remember what game this is nor why I wishlist'd it
that's when you clear out your wishlist ahead of time and only put one game on it :P
GSC has a ton of bangers
@Mirby_Studios tbh, I didn't expect buddy to do it
that sprite always makes me laugh
like why are you so angry smoochum
Did you also change their type specialty
Phantom's just a glutton for punishment today
i am very disappointed in you pallos
Should've done it first try smh #pallosisoverparty
you are so lucky my finger was on the time out button
Yes  out here enjoying Florida. Glhf on new adventure.
I was wondering why you were running a jynx
high attack and earthquake, love to see it
Why are people in chat trainers
Go get a cool Pokmon with shit stats
Ran my first Archipelago last night, it's pretty fun
I ran KH2 and my friend did OOT.
i've been doing them with my fiance
we've done LttP/MMBN3 and LADX/Pokemon Red (i played zelda in both)
Had a third who was gonna run Dark Souls 3 but his net went right before the run
@Mirby_Studios That's awesome, I can't wait to do more
I love being a relevant pokemon
oh holy shit i'm a mew
you'll never guess what type this spheal variant is
We found Pallos and he's a school boy... lore accurate strikes again.
are you beating up Pallos (Trainer) ?
Anyone would want drugs after losing to Pallos
Can you get to Pallet Town with ease?
I would have a lapras too
I just got super exhausted out of nowhere
I sleeping in a bed full of Ho emerldCozy
Its true! I got 22 Hos
And then Im under my Ho quilt
Actually 21 Ho-oh plushies, one stays on my desk because its too small and would get lost in the mess of my bed
ehhh not too bad, caught up on so much sleep today lol
Pokemon randos are ridiculous. I make them like Isaac. My most enjoyed. The chaos and ability to adapt
bad enough you're here this early
May I request that you teach me metronome
Yo its flutter mane I mean
Just making up for my uselessness here lol
@blacktiger51 i just enjoy your contribution
remember that time we all thought she looks like megaman on that bike? good times.
well if you could teach it to swim, you could... rhydon it 
oh it has hints? that's pretty sick
@hlpm123 Thanks for the gift sub!
Oh wait, Forgot this is Gen 2. they patched Horn Drill LUL
I'm new and I've been lurking, but the fact it offers if you wanna use another repel would be SO nice in the actual game LUL
Yeah all you have to do is get what you want ie rock smash monadoWheeze
what gen did they add auto repel?
It wasn't until like 5 or 6 right?
auto repel was added in black and white 2
When did you plan on starting the new run each month?
Does youtube ever recommend you to watch your own content?
so your january game youll be doing off stream learning for the last 2 weeks of Dec?
that sounds rough keeping up with your other streams, but I gotta remember you are full time now
im starting to get fatieged for pape again so may dip back to lets go just cause im familair with it
plus I should do an english run lol
im off on monday so I have a good excuse
I want a sub 3:15 just to bop ouro for the lulz
plus I wanna prove the haters that shit on 1 controller KEKW
"running lets go one controller is like taking your girfriend on a date the dump, sure you can do it but why would you?"
like switching from gregar to falzar KEKW
That state fucking SUCKS it's literally just desmoines
Literally you leave des moines and the sign on the highway says
blaine is just sitting in a random cave?
@RavenFP so you farmed is what I'm hearing
oh damn... wonder how team rocket did that
Got out-neutraled by dude who won SF
I 6-0'd him immediately after grands so at least I know what to do now lol
He plays yuri tho, fucking hate that bitch
Gotta hop check that fucking jd with kukri 
I didn't know espeed was in this gen honestly
What're they called if they take off the kimono though
Also I finally have a good side team in honkai 3rd
Finally got an actually meta pick for my fire team
My draws have been so ass for so long it's been ab time lol
The next pokemon game should make the jynx cry longer
No I got home like 10 minutes ago
lol wait that was rival 1?
yes  in time for elite 4
actually kinda makes sense for a lost 11 year old
A good night of Paper Mario and birthday celebration.
Turned 39. Doesn't feel that old.
I arrived and have settled in safely. oh no just ohno what do we have i store for us today.
i will store the star rod no one shall have it
On your marks, get ready, set.....
beside getting hungry at 3pm its be great i guess
I've been loving all the chaos.
Look up raven r34 to learn more about my prime sub
I would say I wonder what raven would show up but we all know it'd just be teen titans
I don't know what's more chaotic: this, DK64 randos or archipelago
He is just happy you talked to him
This about to be a journey
Last night I did a seed, there was 3 shooting stars for sale in the toad town grocery
i did not ask for the infernal machine's greeting
Pray this is watt or odd key and not super boots
if this is super boots i can see someone gonna dnf this
I've never been more happy to miss a race
Atleast super boots will make super blooper easier???
do you even win this at level 1 with 5 fp phanto274Thonk
Assuming dizzy stomp works everytime I think its possible
Theres 3 bloopers? Why did i think theres only 2
Because most of the time the super blooper fight isn't required
Unfortunately this is one of the off times
non subs will find out next time
1st level was blooper blooper and blooper YEP
I assume not everyone is streaming this race?
I'll laugh if the scale is 1,2,3,4 for the chapters
I can finally see Phantoms face again
Hopefully power plus's are good and findable
Frozen jam, I don't think that would be tasty.
Sushi is mean giving those poor star kids hypothermia
Well, i was gonna do the minish cap rando for you wednesday
But what if star stone is below duplighosts???
hey phantom, been watching for about 30seconds, what's will all the weird shit phantombot says?
And learn all of that lingo
I thought that was already a command here
Look just take the pebble and carve it into a star
oh those purple clubbas kinda sexy
is this a blitz or normal?
also assuming you stared with Goombario cuz he's actually obtained lmao
It was that or a magic seed
at least you have ultra boots and super hammer
UH in palace would be funny as hell
You have some cursed shit today
are the BP and FP prices at least nice?
Ultra hammer in palace with 2nd magic seed on rolf
hopefully the next seed is better
i kinda forget what you actually need her for
@buff00n If it's the dark redhead one then I'm with you
shoutout to the time i fucked up opening toybox in a run and lost like 10 seconds or some shit
is there a list of other streamers who do the races? love watching the different seeds
@ravenfp that's the only correct answer
bombettte looks covered in cheeto dust
They should make bowsette canon just to make that design canon so people draw it
I love the different colour palettes!
essentially this a new game named Paper Waluigi
they should make bowsette canon so I can *** my **** and **** her **** ***** until she **** me *** **** of the koopas
why is there a woman moaning?
it's an integral part of the stream
@pallos7 what did we learn about disrespecting people with the swords
@ppdagerzone don't apologize for being correct
welp! now its a woman moaning
Huh, I didn't know that good to know
The sound made when pounded by Mario
fun fact: Phantom uses that trick there to skip the puzzle because it is too hard to solve RTA
how do you think Baby Mario and Baby Peach (and Bowser Jr) came to be? Peach got pounded
HUH i did not know that
Cause they were statues I guess
I would imagine they are immune to all status effects
well that good to know for next  time
oh good! I see you have Crystal Berry. time to go see a Stupid Rose
you could just clear ch 4 right now
@ppDAGERZONE Nice! I live in Ottawa so my team is the Suns
I live in Toronto. so yeah, Canucks made the most sense for me as a kid
i've seen a couple of sens games back in HS, I used to know a guy who had company seats he would let me use I just had to greyhound up there
has anyone ever noticed that Mario (and company) are addicted to drugs? I mean, Shrooms and the new flower in Mario Wonder make it obvious
Oh ok the 7tv for that is funny
whacka's bump is just pure mexican black tar
i keep making the mistake of reading the bot comments before noticing who sent them >.>
have we seen Chet Rippo yet?
I WENT TO CH 1 AND 2 forgetting LCL even after visiting summit, then double dip volcano, no fuck that
yeah, so I saw the out of logic stuff
i hop in axl stream to see where he was and i was thinking oh no
There is both a Chet Rippo and Rip Cheato in this game.
I had such a strong mario too
also while I was going over checks levais mentioned blooper so I had an accidental hint too
@Axl_SR and getting goombario first is baaaaad
kooper duplighost running double dip was nice
lets hope Flower Fields is 2 scaled and not 5 or 6
I mean at this point I don't think the scale matters at this point
ah yes, Bomb with a shell
I did ch1 up to village, reverse desert, got to the rugged super block..."why the fuck did I do ch1 and 2!?!"
Did you atleast get anything good for your troubles?
@Axl_SR we having a woman moaning SFX on our side
it was nice hanging out with you while I could Phantom! I work nights and start at 8 and go till 6 am (currently 7:40 on the east coast) good luck on the rest of the seed
megarush made me roll my eyes
are you going for power rush?
Definitely got lucky with the scaling
But you had a good watt for that
ch 1 and 2 were scaled to 4 and 5 but couldnt tell which was which
So what your saying on a scale of 1 to 10 this seed was a 3
I wonder where the mailman is/was
I like how even at 8 bp mega rush is still worth it
that just shows how busted megarush is
oh wait nevermind you won already
now I can say it... parakarry was in outpost shop and power plus was 6BP
and last stand was in winding path
are you doing bootless and hammerless?
cake dies and bubble berry and weight survive LUL
you didn't, but you don't regret it
Nice question mark lamp behind you
oh god the ads are in french
yeah went up to 40 again
i feel like climbing 7 is faster than dipping volcano
sienna has too much hold here...
Went ahead and refunded so you can save your points for next time
i grew up on diet ginger ale and vowed to never drink drink sodas again once i hit 18
is foliage the only thing turned off?
i'm gonna go drink a ginger ale to spite buff00n
Talking about drinks? I drink water :)
water good too but it's GOTTA be ice cold
Can't even go to 5 tho
gotta be basically right in between him and the wall
There's gotta be something you can do
im predicting 2 traps and 2 coins in the storeroom
I did a seed last night and got LP skip for my first time str9ngHype
you can get it with this distance for sure
i really like chan's hair physics
just use sushi on the perfect float position without a setuo
Do you have Forest Pass enabled so Fice T gives an item?
checks leading up to tree on pleasant path?
I think the logic might be just Sushie... if that's not possible, probably a bug
homeword shroom to get on top of pipe to marios home?
just hearing the phrase "floating point perfect" is going to give me nightmares
feel like we are forgetting something
what does the spoiler log say for sphere zero?
you can do stanley now as name
sub 1 min hammer and boots YEP
reroll and pick another filename KEKW
He didn't even spell Stanley right on this one tho
Hey we can Sushie glitch here YEP
I had someone come in and ask, "How are you playing as Wario?" LUL
after you jump off can you jump back on?
why couldnt you do that on the first seed?
You can also fight Chan if you want
pretty sure master 3 had something once
Cake Mix in Koopa Village shop NOTED
Now I have to watch all of your YouTube videos to find the one seed.
I really dont think its worth doing glitch logic on the map tracker, if you are doing glitches your not using the map tracker lol
thats how I understood it, using super boots on ch7 bridge was mentioned.
Does it matter if it's fast regardless?
Ive always had your tracker tell me, then I switched to yami's. Now its just something I have to get used to.
Id like to know who thank for letting us toss items
Trying to get toad to put you in the wall?
That room looked pretty okay Kappa
almost can redeem a rando seed LUL
hey could you hit that one block for another 413 years straight?
I do have a couple ideas for seed redemptions when I decide I want to do that
that does not sound like Sonic LUL
this discord comment made me laugh, "if you have your max HP at 5 at Level 18 then what the fuck are you doing then you're likely doing some sort of 5 HP only challenge"
I mean if you have power rush and last stand
also, the race seed had a 1BP HP+
its was the 3 blocks outside koopa village
I see you have almost every partner
Who would win 3 cannon bois or one snowman
What 3rd tubba key, thats super easy to find, barely an inconvenience
3,5,7 so many choices so much time
The penguins are holding him for ransom
I was indeed a clever trap
Laki has many talents, including tree climbing
You even wonder if game developers look at what speed runners do and cry themselves to sleep?
buff00n is no longer in my house
God I love the feeling of mega jump.
Someday flower fanatic will have its day
I predict 4 will be completed next
that was no dirt, that was a landmine
every boo had to touch that badges didnt they?
Luigi's autograph, now that's the real treasure
Welp looks like we are beating 2
So you might be locked inside
Could have been made like some of the laki clip gates where it's solid on one side and intangible on the other
you remember how in BN3 when Bass uses Earth Breaker on the Navi that uses Dark Aura? In japanese it sounds like "Ass Breaker" KEKW
So is it intentional for the extra damage from the badge synergy to only apply to the first hit?
guess who forgot to by the arkham collection while it was on sale?
I mean the train was right there
Could they just make it so she takes all of them and plants them all at once?
I see you freed the Goom. Kappa
But it's the right choice to make
And now you have Good RNG for the rest of the run
at least return to arkham is 20 bucks
yep i can see that. pretty zased
I wonder if we will even find sushie at this point
There's the real prediction, what comes first bucket or fish
Came back to a gamba phanto274Hype
This is for all the phantokens.
whats the dumbest game you ever got addicted to?
last night I played Suika Game ti 7am LUL
a friend was doing a 24 hour charity stream. "here is 5 bucks, play suika" he expected to drop it after 15 minutes, he was still playing 4 and a half hours later KEKW
But atleast your not last location locationing 3rd tubba key lol
Are you going to play TTYD remake once they finally release it
You were paid for your exterminating services.
lost it in the sky how in the world kooper?
A question as old as time: instead of the chicken and the egg, it's the sushie and the bucket.
Bot not tierd so i'm good
But if it is dojo youtuber viewers won't have to search all your VODs for a dojo seed. They could link this very seed.
Wait... why did it go 7, 5, 4, etc. instead of 7, 6, 4, etc.?
Only the first attack gets the badge synergy damage
I see. So the first move does 1 point more?
Got it. Thanks for the clarification. phanto274GL
And the more jump type badges you equip the more attack is added
You fight Master to get no bucket and no Sushie in the bucket.
And you can go mode it, so thats nice
no big deal just lost 12k
Why did he even have the bucket? phanto274Cry
I dont even have much so I bet 500
We can dream that the flower saver badges could be good
Its sad when your worth .5 star points
Luigi? Where? I saw 5 koopers...
F in the chat for Sushie. Lost forever to the chaos.
No water stone, diamond stone, lunar stone, or any of the fortress keys.
Seems like Bowser is playing with him
I didn't know Bowser could become dizzy
also GG on the weekly race too!
Koopa Koot held Sushie hostage. That monster!
ngl, I thought it was Duke Nukem Grab Bag this entire time
oh, didnt realize you started lol
its so nice actually having space on my desktop LUL
was talking to my brother about styles
was wonder how it'd be if Styles were programs you used in NaviCust
expecting that risch bop, drag his ass back!
and yeah, I saw it while were were chatting
stream to wonder swan problem solved
crazy to think people actually speedrun this series Kappa
im like its been long enough, I need a larger monitor
you can have one of mine, Ive got 3 of these and only using 1 lol
i just have a huge ass L desk
well shit, I was gonna do a lets go derust but between this and adam vs paperario I guess im sitting out
Hey Phantom phanto274BLANKIES stream was good! Just finished another rando seed, was soo close to sub 4 on it! How's your stream so far?
can we expel the kid who almost murdered his classmates and the faculty
tonight is the last daily race we have scheduled lol
I saw your live notification, and was like yay I can raid phanto274BLANKIES
we have had a tourny race daily since Oct 25th lol
so phantom how do you like being an eldritch horror in my altered playthrough lmao
second last of the winners bracket, losers bracket still has a lot of games
the menu sprite is glitchy because it cannot be perceived by mortal minds
oh you're in the pangolin scenario
well at least you admit it
too lazy for look for my "your movement could be improved in the following places... everywhere" pasta KEKW
Guess i can delete my japanese save with a naughty nature. Never running that again. And only cause sitting thru credit is stupid.
A very spooky sprint was bs
@buff00n Most of the challenges in galaxy kaizo are hard but fair, the level Im talking was hard but def not fair
the other options are that different from what ive seen
i've been swayed by Axl, misery- I mean, Mystery gets my vote
I'm throwing my vote(s) at BN6 rando
buff00n, pin a message telling people to vote mystery LUL
i like how archipelago's bn3 rando works
and if you have extras and you get them after having GigFreez they become 20 bugfrags
which is nice for the checks in yoka station's bugfrag trader
Yes  touching this masterpiece. Glhf and arrived safely here.
im good hope youre well! decorating for christmas atm widehypeE
i am a big fan of the cold peepoCozy
Vote "Mystery" in the Discord! [OR ELSE]
had a solid forest, only catching pika, bell, cater, and weed, then leaving glowing rat gave level 10
i think i voted for full coinsanity lmao
i think ill split on fade to black leaving gyms
i forgot how much it sucks to menu with a stick
bruh, i enter mt moon and 2 zubats right at the entrance FUCK THIS GAME phanto274Rage
glowing onyx, do I go for it KEKW
btw, did you see the DM last night?
I am trying to take it easy after a brutal chest day at the gym Lmao
why does trying to be healthy have to suck lol
I am down 15lbs of fat from where I started 11 weeks ago so that's cool
I started taking creatine today so we'll see where that goes
when I resubbed you my message was about how I found your channel. For Jcog I couldnt remember how I found her so I just kept drilling how I couldnt remember 40 months ago LUL
despite clefable being slow i feel like its still worth going for
Hey phantom, gl on the runs
Oh cool this is before blackjack skip
Im gonna speedrun gregar for the first time soon. Im a falzar man so its gonna be interesting
I do aquabeast on elementman only
I know im gonna overthink fights forgetting heatcross takes care of them LUL
oh neat, the new shiren the wanderer mode comes with a "live display mode" to show various things like inventory, status, stats, weapon, and stuff like that
i appreciate games that include stuff like this for streaming
I thought I had a clip of your god tier GBeast but maybe I didnt clip that?
oh right? I was driving home when that happened. So glad I had a red light to catch that LUL
At least the pulsebulb fights will not be painful
Oh yeah the unlocker for blkbomb
All my falzar homes hate bees
remember when you asked for 4 chips on icebox and you got all of them KEKW
That was such a good draw against spoutman as well :(
imagine making predictions here for Adam and Paperario's race KEKW
paperario just needs to open his badge menu more than adam LUL
Just ask and you shall receive
nothing much, hope youve been good
I've been doing alright, mostly just vibing
this that a sky gauntlet glod!?
That gold technically makes PB possible again KEKW
rigby rolled it and adam just found the blue key LUL
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT ? ? ?
Just play 20s faster than SOB COPIUM
"Did they mess up their movement on the ramp? Or- !? WITCHCRAFT...!"
I hope I did this right. this was an emote of game out, what if EguchI's birth date is a good fgc event outside of my all cards was the room to guaranteed damage for both forest temple and shadow temple. hover boots since it came out on disc so there's that super rod there. they were going to say... hard to say it was PogChamp without that Cheer100
thank you brian. very cool fanfic Cheer100
ultra boots then blue key checks are in logic KEKW
adam got goombario from chest, rigby did \:-?\) and 10 minute timeout KEKW
weird that smile face didnt work here
dang, I missed GBeast and Colonel
not sure. been bouncing between streams
adam has cleared 4 and can do 5 once ultra hammer in deep jungle, paperario can clear both but full clearing tubbas rn
also 1:15 and no fortress keys lol
Ouch I have a seed like that I hate.
opening ultra boots chest and get last stand. NsingMan: An item actually worthy of the fanfare. KEKW
they also have everrything to complete 6 too, I missed that
assuming paperario doesnt forget to hand in dictionary lol
@Axl_SR Is that in the race seed? I could swear I saw the same image/caption in the Discord a while ago HUH
Such a minor time save and such a huge loss
btw, adam corrected me the other day that you go by they/them. I never even heard you mention that. Was I just away at bad times lol
he mention you have it on racetime
You didn't even repost in your own Discord
So I take it you don't even care
that has always been the case even in bn2
You know can help you go faster? Try rubbing your face against the wall. Cheer100
im not exactly sure how to change it
How do I see? Now someone help me lol
damn i can't believe your console just reset like that
I heard if you blow on the pins it wont auto reset like that
i had 3 runs before speedrun ragnarok that were on legit pb pace
chaos said, here have a 37 minute split
my ff1pr run for questing for glory this morning
i got 1st try Chaos LUL
holy shit the forehead on that kid
i could setup my entire CRT and NES on that forehead
it's incredible that they use the same tutorial for all 6 games
but the first 2 are always 2x Cannon
2nd encounter is always area grab, wide sword
is it as bad as ElecMan's comp?
ElecMan was just an absolute dogwater scenario
I have something funny to show you later
unless you wanna seee it now KEKW just an image
can't believe you're gonna miss the entire minsih cap seed i'm running on your behalf
because you have to sign your name
big congrats on removing a lot of responsibility
Performing Risch Skip can vary depending on the version & specific setup but this is how it is performed. 1 start where Risch Skip is possible. 2 unreg copy damage. 3 enter the kettle fight. 4 profit. FYI glitches like this can be inconsistent & may prevent players from finishing the game in a legitimate manner. If interested in speedrunning Mega Man Battle Network stick to verified & accepted methods rather than attempting glitches or exploits Cheer100
I mean you could do jugoomba strats, and get lucky on prisms
did Brain reach his character limit?
Just a random dead navi there
they are both 1 tubba key from go mode, Adam never went to Tubbas so thats an advantage for him
Adam said you can tell CK clones apart from the health bar, does that work on N64 too?
he said the health bar that is different you can tell them apart
he said that works on emu and switch
ban emulator for rando races KEKW
i need more rum to enjoy this song
yesterday I had the top golf marg LUL
yo we getting margs at AGDQ?
Do you want a drink? "Well, I dont wanna be rude"
adam found key on bombette, he gets to skiip back half of ruins and all of tubba
and your charge only does 60
interesting, beating ch1 doesnt lower staircase
i thought it would set a flag, "oh the chapter is done so the stairs should be lowered"
heading to final chapter paperario has a miute and a half lead
what platform do most battle network speedrunners play on?
most battle network speedrunners dont play at all KEKW
yeah i'm a mmbn2 runner, and i don't play teh game anymore
btw ice, they never made a collection board LUL
I asked risch about like a month ago lol
if I could using my controller of choice AND rebind buttons id give it a chance
I hate to come across as like, maybe a bit too narcissistic
But sometimes it feels like if I don't get something done, nothing ever will
And I've been way too lazy to do anything about LC boards
Yeah, I don't think it's a big deal, but it is also kinda funny that it's been over 6 months and nothing LUL
Just a form where we ask what people want, and then make a decision off of that
Yeah, the problem comes when a WR happens on LC
even if it did WR, jugoomba would find a way to bop it
I don't think anyone's beating jugoomba anytime soon period, with current activity levels LUL
oh? rigby and paperario announced their race for tomorrow
thats all of winners, the losers need to get in gear LUL
nintendo has shared their black friday deals, there is an OLED with Smash for $350
can't think of many exclusives besides odyssey, smash, XC, and maybe pikmin that are worth getting a switch for atp
the rest of the world didnt KEKW
its the best selling game on switch lol
zelda is also one but i choose to ignore those games so
It's all the content of a Wii U game and an iPhone game in one
I was riding in an Uber with a gay male colleague when his Grindr app notification went off on his phone. The female Uber driver said, "I knw that sound - my husband plays that game all the time."
its so weird that so many people want peter to die in insomniacs spiderman. Like who would want that?
Phantom, they sent out volunteer acceptance emails. But not departments yet
I just got one that says "You've been accepted"
I had been giving yami feedback on the map tracker just to help out and get the ball rolling. Now I see others doing that so I dont have to bother with a feature ill never use LUL
Almost time for weather comp catJAM
You're super excited for weather comp
Left it in the toilet at home
a pape hack that only runs on PJ64? that made me laugh hard than it should have LUL
its all bosses in the same fight
tomorrow will be a long day. I took 2 days off and have to catch up lol
That's why I wanted you to hydrate
That beefy enemy is me after Texas de Brazil
How can we make ratty worse? DRAGON!!!
Heatman charge shot is truly busted
@Amishman19 number trader is what makes it busted
Yes made it in time for the masterpiece. GL on derust
Tell me about this game Ive never heard of it
dang, I felt like running BN6 again for half a second
Oh thats why I never heard of it I never got into mega Man unfortunately
smh my head not running the superior version of this
2/3 the same as last slots huh
i'm not talking about legacy collection of course
i'm talking about the dab patch
BN streams are phanto274Lurk mode streams for me but I still like to come support phanto274GL
real talk: this song is in my MSU and when i used that recently i had trouble placing it lmao
i had this for Turtle Rock
i'm still giggling at me picking the flash man stage theme from BN3 for thieve's town in my MSU
and that's ENTIRELY because that song's name is Blind Mode and the boss in that dungeon is Blind
it's a terrible joke i know
so i just realized something abut that zelda movie
avi arad produced the uncharted movie and was executive producer of the 3 MCU spidey movies
finally, tom holland as link is REAL
its been a meme for a short while
sorry not chatting much dont want to lose impulse on backchipping.
They are making a Zelda movie.
as for link being silent... it's been implied he talks for several games now
and then they get around this by having link use sign language :P
someone in a server i'm in suggested "danny devito Beedle" lmfao
with technology today though i think live action zelda may work better than even 10 years ago
animation would be preferable sure but at the very least it won't be atrocious effects lol
the only ppl to do justice on Dark Link and Ganon (my faves) were youtubers anything nintendont did is a mess
i legit bought that, first ever movie soundtrack i ever bought. great arrangements
The next mario movie should just be all the game cuts scenes but together
I got the turbo finally after your suggestion
Yeah I like to pop in an out of streams and it gets really annoying
lets hope the pacing doesn't take a dive here
and I want Jerma to be Tingle
oh my god i joined the archipelago server and saw a game that's in the works and i never expected it to be lmao
Lol thanks for letting me know lol
Did you take Brian to the vet? You said he was gonna get fixed phanto274Smile
I'll have to remember that Cheer100
I was so tired today just woke from 2 hour nap
I haven't slept, though axl, I feel that pain
Was it God awful like always
I've popped off getting dash from that table
wait how do you have the count already
btw i have to say. the count battle in this game? iceblueChefskiss
i first did it for the surge of power gametal footage and its still probably one of my favs
Mirby, tell phantom to run virus battler
but i don't want phantom to hate me
It's funny seeing people fail that runaway
Sneakrun rates even carry I to hard mode lol
he was jailed for not enjoying mama's spaghetti
i think i'm gonna propose a X-2 rando idea for archipelago lol
i mean you have your jobs (dresspheres) and job grids (garment grids) so that's some fun stuff that could be rando'd. add in key items for progress gating
there was a X-2 rando in the works but it stalled
yeah sorry i mean FFX-2 lol
right click source, click filter, click on +, then crop and crop your tracker.
oh shit that was for discord KEKW
more of this now, rigby made the room lol
also hello gl on the runs today!
Funny how jumpless started as a joke and now we have a world graph that is 2x more complex to read and a long glitch list that got even longer
Question, is Gregar a better run than Falzar? Im guessing theres fairly significant differences
Faster and less rng? That sounds like a no brainer
Would it be in the vods?
I feel like I definitely remember this game better than Falzar
I always wished the versions had exclusive PAs. Like one has a Bass attack with gregar and other has Bass attacl with falzar
link navi PAs could be an option too
Was balancing the versions an issue throughout? Kinda sounded like it when you were doing the playthroughs from the collection
Okay that puts things into perspective
what is Parakarry-less Blue Block City Gap?
Thats my guess but I dont know if you can do the Parakarry gap atop the towers
i just saw someone ask in discord
I would think it's on the list Icebound looks like they got it
oh that's that jump? I didn't even know that had a listing
i gueess im doing race play by play LUL
Bow start with loaded toy room, ruins key, buckets, boots
You aren't asking for a lot, cooperate game!
watt 5, power+ 15, and crystal berry 25 KEKW
this is a seed to remember
Watching jesse bite his tongue on so much while playing nasb LOL
Not being allowed to criticize a game on stream goes crazy
"dont lump me in the same group as fatkid" peepoLeave
once I made a komari poll, according to chat they didnt know sky gauntlets was a split LUL
too tired to focus on the race FeelsBadMan
Can we make it out of the first 11? PAUSERS
last time I casually played this I got the firehit PA before blastman LUL
Cant wait to see Tom Holland as Link Kappa
a zelda story in an hour and a half? sounds like a speedrun KEKW
Zelda movie being Co-funded by Nintendo and Sony Pictures, but wont let smash at evo...
Finally did all the dishes pepeW
Now I get to cook YEP
At least the kitchen will be cleaner than when my gf cooks COPIUM
amish, have you played these dumb games?
can you get me a christmas edition GBA everdrive thxkbai
id be over the moon if I got gifted one
i should wait on black friday deals tho
not a fan of translucent everdrives tho
Im sad I didnt wait a bit longer to get an x7 with a cool pattern.
I got my X5 for $175 during a time they were very hard to find
at the time the X7 was 175 but you couldnt find it
Im assuming its encounter rng that loses time but NiceSoftlock
they give megaman all this power with crosses, beast out, and beast over, then they take it all away "good luck netbattlers"
casually it would be faster to use elecman
the old routes did get him
crazy how I saw my first bn6 speedrun over 10 years ago
actually caught the colonel fight LUL
I had a 50/50 decision KEKW
Holy shit Rigby got a 2:32
it had a verry strong start
Paperario is just at Jr, thats wild
give phantom hammerless/bootless zero coin start KEKW
Pronyo said the may force starting with coins with those settings
imagine start with bow zero coins, ch 3 closed
if you arent gonna start with coins at least give yourself 2 ultra shrooms to sell
how did they make 6 games ut of this
i wonder if they didnt make spin off games if we wouldve gotten a 7th?
dont forget the arcade games too
the is a recovery project going on right now
speaking of recovery project there is legend/phantom of the network on mobile
the final boss is a trojan, not a bad concept idea
yukki knows the guy with the phone and streamed the games if your curious to see how it plays
oh right, since I have a wii classic pro I should revisit NT
id use SNES but I need a Z button
I dont like that it lacks handles
which is why i love the pokken controller so much
shit miss the ending was playing genshin
i got 2 5 stars in 1 10 pull
this made me laugh..."ive been watching a vid the last couple hours of this Phantom on yt but hes been doing glitches that are blowing my mind lol, guys making lakilester look like a key to every area"
Very disappointed you arent matching our ids every vote to see who voted what smh
gl on running a dead series 
why stop at 2:19, go for sub 2:10 COPIUM
it's a better speedgame than 6
why would you do that to yourself
idek what a decent time in BN2 is anymore
I always forget what pokemon games you have in there
damn already at bowser castle! quizmoPog
remember when you peach warped here and got softlocked LUL
imagine if they took magnemite and beldum egg group genderless and renamed it to non-binary KEKW
That annoying moment when youre a grown man trying to watch another grown man beat a video game fast and work keeps interrupting 
nevermind what I said about bn5 guide, it uses slides
why does team bn use slides?
my lets go notes are in a doc
That looked like a cool trick already
no pref, ill just be lurking
Im gonna continue my latest rando when I get off work, Ill keep the stream open tho I learn a lot of shit from your runs and practice sessions
did you laki jump up there? I missed that part
Really pushing ch 4. Agenda I see
when you run lets go to you pay attention to AV gain?
my route has the AV gain characteristics so was curious
lmao, someone doing random text ate a fire pop at 1HP KEKW
i enjoyed ur youtube vods, glad i caught u live
JOKES ON U! I CAME FROM THERE! AHAHAHA
Why does the hammer always moan when I watch you play randomizer
what is that sound originally from?
yea thats fair. i just work with dogs
Well now I wait for a bus
Well a bus just went right past me
Youre supposed to STOP at a bus STOP
i was late to class once cuz my bus just never show up i almost just went home
Well excuse me Bot for not getting a chance to train for the game.
Well that don't look like 2 or 1
Wait, Wasn't that an un-used badge or a modded badge you just fired up?
What other non-native stuff you got in there?
I'm familiar with Berserker but that's about it
Wait HUH? Partner upgrades are randomized now. SeemsGood
Nah you gotta say it now
....I got the wrong Ice, don't I
You talking about the rando? Yeah that's Icebound lol
If I tried coding something, shit would catch on fire
This and DK64 Rando have been zooming this year
Well I've been out of the loop a couple months too since there haven't been any Pape Races streams
Is it not now? (Expects 5+ BP)
i didnt want to say anything but i was gonna say "calling it now, ruins on shiver mountain"
Ok I need an Oatchi side-eye emote now
So I think I've pavloved myself because I usually put either you or jcog on before I go to bed so I may very well fall asleep soon
I usually turn into a pumpkin in like an hour anyway so not too bad
sun goes down at 5:30 now, crazy
I moved in with my 70 year old parents so I'm on that cycle now
We watch wheel of fortune and struggle to stay awake. I'm officially an old person
Dare I ask what Flower Fanatic does
so the SMRPG Tetris 99 event is live and with it, a select few songs from the remake
sad song is just so sad my god
500 ways, but only 69 of them are successful
Are you buying thousand year door next year?
"69 is all you need" Phantom 2023
This area reminds me of winnie the pooh
Yeah, I got a 2:22:28 on all royal seeds
I've never actually played a randomizer, but I assume go mode means you have everything you need for that chapter?
@ Icebound, please fix that bug
what if traps could clip us oob
headed the bed early tonight, thanks for the stream
When it comes I wanna wail, MAIL!
One of the best parts of being a little kid
shit i miss a lot nooooooooo
fortnite have the og map right now me and my friend was playing
Ohhhhh the cheese strats let's go
Have a great night phanto274Smile thanks for stream!
ill say it again... FUCK BATTLE NETWORK
I got a shiny totodile in heart gold
This rando sounds like fun phanto274Hype
see? even phantom hates battle network! They got a PB on day 2 and havent touched it since
The game seems louder than your voice
my speakers are shit, its quiet for me now
The people's choice are the best choice.
I thought you start with a partner in this game
start with boots but no hammer then?
Started with the best partner baby seed already
in case of emergeny, triple dip mystery! gl hf
It's best to have a lot of them
Running a seed like this? Hope you have a Mentos. Do do do dooo, do waaaah! It doesnt matter what comes, fresh goes better in life, with Mentos fresh and full of life! Nothing gets to you, stayin fresh, stayin cool, with Mentos fresh and ful of life! Fresh goes better! Mentos freshness! Fresh goes better with Mentos, fresh and full of life! Mentos! The freshmaker! Cheer100
oh cool, you added the ultra stone
So in this rando, you don't really need too much money.
The fact that you dont know what it is you could be throwing away is insane too
Cook a mystery to get a super mystery
How much do mysteries sell for
you cheated to get those shrooms tho
I mean, there was one thing you can use right away
i hope melody is a goombario upgrade
Can you please, change off the trash
really tired of trying to get this text placement just right on a gif i'm making
they released bloopers for One Piece Live Action
and one of the last ones is just Luffy and Usopp looking at each other saying Nice over and over
ruins access with 2 keys phanto274Thonk
there got it perfect. now to shrink it cause currently the gif is 31MB lmao
I thought season zero getting hammers first was cool, then it happened a 3rd time and I was over that shit
lmao i took one pixel off so it would be 300x150 and that reduced the filesize by .69%. it's a gif of two people saying Nice over and over
Do you have Cook Without Frying Pan on for this seed or no?
Okay bc otherwise that was sphere 0 Life Shrooms KEKW
TBF could also just be luck of the draw with the number of replenishable locations there are
You mean a ton of mystery items
okay posted the gif in your memes channel, phantom
im surprised you didnt do south of oasis
i was looking at mirbys meme LUL
I've acquired pizza, my fury has been quelled
i just finished zaxbys so im good for the night
I did a seed last night where the stones were all vanilla thats the first time Ive seen that happen
spinach, tomatoes, garlic and green pepper
everything beside the green pepper sounds good
Yea might have been French vanilla but they were all on the pedestals
Pizza w/ no meat? I feel sorry for you man
@blacktiger51 I've turned a LOT of people onto spinach tomato and garlic
i had spinach before on a pizza its good
ngl, threw green pepper on there cuz I could choose 4 ingredients since I ordered a "veggie pizza"
Ultra Boots, Parakarry, and Goombario for a volcano FC. Non-traditional but I like it.
couldn't think of a 4th and saw green paper, so green pepper was on my pizza
its the texture of peppers i don't like
I love the texture of peppers
Your middle name is literally jumpman, Mario
"It's a me, Mario! Mario-Mario if you're NASTY"
ahh yes the 1 time that goombario is use for something
I just now noticed the stones around the partners in the overlay. LUL
leaving Kolorado to burn to death in the volcano?
Are letter rewards included in the pool?
Works at least as a placeholder until we have the actual sprite
personally, I like the balls for upgrades
hey i voted for coinsanity okay don't blame me
Well ain't that a bunch of nice badges
I see your tracker also has some updates
Sorry for theblate entry and question. I'm sure you've answered already. All sanity except shrubbery. Do good items end up being in the mystery bag or is it the normal pow, fire flower, etc?
Ok. That sounds fun and irritating all at once
I wonder if Mystery can use unused items at all...
Bot clearly didn't listen to it's English Teacher
So Life Shrooms sphere 2 or 3 depending on whether you count it same sphere or sphere after Frying Pan
Did you know that on the back of the box for BN3 they call Mega Man "Mega Mega.EXEE"
its on both blue and white
Is he still going to be there next time you come here?
Aw what happened I just noticed the game over
Love watching your vods on yt first time i've caught you live
local shop has yokai watch 3 loose... 350 big ones
Ohh you were in the ruins ok Im caught up
I've always wanted to try this but whenever I start making the seed I felt disgusted
so what happened? also I hope the run's goin well
Cox is good where I am but phanto274Shrug
cant say a thing to them obv. but it sounds like a midday problem? any type of upkeep work they got around your area maybe?
not from around where they do anything 
what happens when you cook mysteries
is that what this is about with "mystery only" 
Looking for Bombette and Laki I take it?
So did you roll up this monstrous mystery?
Man I missed an hour and 41 minutes of peak rando
The heckie are those stars beneath the spirits
might be easier with numbers maybe
so like 1 side the number is scale, the other is for dungeon ER?
or hell if you can get these to work with text, acronyms to the areas?
similar to say gossips / emotracker packs for OoTR I mean
CP = crystal palace as an example
Yo jon hope you doing well
or boss name for lack of better other ideas, unless you wanna keep that for if the bosses might become shuffled
where specifically the boss room LZ = different boss room
oh, there's an idea. You could use boss icons to denote 'dungeons' instead of star spirits
like say on the clouds in CH6 -> huff'n puff turns into Crystal palace ice dude
yeah, currently it's very 'what is this? A STAR SPIRIT FOR ANTS?'
text or boss icons might help there
cus the stars themselves are all same shape minor difference in very small icons to notice
in terms of how it tastes
yea all 3 sound like the type of stuff I dont rly like  cant tell ya
ironically all of them sound up my alley
^ taste buds do be diff peepoComfy
if it was green apple jolly rancher instead I would say that one, it is apple season
I'd consider it but I'm a die-hard water drinker
yea I couldnt tell you, I am derp I am growin accustomed to the taste of just water (granted, good tab water rn not like the bleh type of shit you can get at times which ya gotta run through filters and shit to make tolerable)
Yeah but so is every beverage
Spinning away queerly from ur problems, as u do
its not her fault - you brought her these mysterious bags of something
Imagine cooking with a cog and being expected to make edible food
not everyone's link and cooks lumber
just not in the way you wanted her to
Cook mysteries until you get a sheep phanto274Smile
this is misery and I love it
You always have the choice! Just sometimes you can beat the game before you get the choice...
Okay im finally back! How's the mystery seed been?
Howdy did you solve the mystery of Paper Mario yet?
all that for 1 coin YEP
i was very happy that blackpit won
nah, they have infinite explosions - they're fine
Blue Key matters with these settings!
It blocks TWO whole checks! That's one more than almost everything else in that section of the tracker
Could you Laki Jailbreak and do the rest of the fortress reverse from there?
I assume you already did Pit
How you feeling with this seed
Could be depending on whether you feel like doing Ruins Stone Skip today
You do need All Bosses practice anyway, right? phanto274Smile
I guess you need to do Snowman's Gift on the way out, huh...
Oh, that's weird, you gotta go back to complete Chap 3
I had assumed they had worked it so you can enter those rooms while 'chase' was on or st
See I don't consider Gusty Gulch inherently a part of the dungeon, but I do the *windmill*
The more entrances are shuffled, the more it makes sense for Yakkey to just be an item you can dfind
Could you write it so that when you leave tubba's castle while in chase, it brings you to the inside of the windmill and takes your Yakkey?
Yakkey making the three tubba keys not necessarily necessary would be interesting
Alternatively, walking into Tubba's room is replaced by the windmill entrance
which is why the old rando was considered bad/unplayable for the most part right? Cause room rando?
yeah, logic is kind of an important part of - aw,
but yeah logic in rando is debatedly the most important part of functioning randos
I think having fun is also very important
Really important if you care at all about appealing to casuals
If there's no logic but it's really fun then it's at least not a total waste of time
there's nothing funnier than running through that game as a super saiyan goose
but I think Sa2 has logic so that's not saying much
I think also there's the RPG aspect of it too
boss keys door yes but small keys door no
I wonder how much it would help if locks (and their corresponding keys) were just removed
I know for MM you can absolutely get to boss rooms without boss keys
all boss doors in oot have a skip
yes im in time for endgame
We also lost 20 minutes earlier phanto274Smile
they said they know where lunar is
Pyramid Stone would be nice but we're in go mode if we glitch hard enough
hello naughty Anti Guy it is time for sin
Phantom5800: omg Mario, stop walking on my pink switch
So THAT'S where all your FP Pluses are you were asking for
I really like the new badges they added in
Wait 3 Damage Dodges... wouldn't that make Danger Mario, like, completely invincible?
Are you about to break the game
Lanturn ghost is just a big boo lol
you really don't need much else at this point tbh
this is gonna be a final bowser of all time
you only need triple dip and a buncha mysteries what do you mean
it will be effective! At making content!
information theory 101: the more mysteries you have, the more mysterious you are
was that like a 9 bounce
and the show-off only needed 5 Kappa
but the bowser triple dip fight Sadge
I'm sure we'll be able to buy some Mysteries in Star Haven, right? ;)
Did you ever go back for Red Jar check?
Switching to Kooper there was just BM, totally unnecessary
Yeah, Artifact or Letter to Frost T. probably the worst checks
This seed has you running everywhere
And to think, we could have beat the seed already if we just cheated phanto274Smile
Not even going to see what he has for the memes?
Funny how you went through the effort of climbing the tree and getting him to come down just to skip the zipline and not gain anything from it
There's a check in the tree but also a check on Raph
just think of it as a 1-BP-level-up FeelsBadMan
Need to level HP to undo the FP level YEP
oh, crap - didn't realize it was critical
Oh you're that high already, huh
Air Raid hits the copies right after they're created...?
You'd probably have to miss multiple blocks
Still, under half-health in phase 1 is pretty good
in fact, if we get the same caps...
I was going to say, I didn't think so but your final caps seemed abnormally high for no Dodge Master
the pit of 1000 trials but 64?
sorry, i mean the pit of 100 trials
have you ever beaten pit of 100 trials at lv 1? it's tough as balls
you were just like "i want that, now."
hammer throw, however, cannot save you
it makes hammer dexterous, but what is that worth when you have a jump?
not much, and even less here, cuz enemies have 0 Def
i'm playing randomized paper mario 64, as well, in a run i dubbed "Rando Mario: Eat Pant Edition"
took 5 runs for me to select my ideal randomization
nah, right now - and commit to Danger mario
last stand is pretty good, but not worth that sacrifice
Does Last Stand force you to 5HP here?
i mean, it takes him to danger, which increases his defense
not entirely mid, just fairly mid
i just found a badge called slow go
and how did you just hit a swooper in midair with a hammer?
ok, maybe the swooper shoulda been near the ground for that, tho
slow-go is such a liability at certain points in the mansion, tho. anyways, back to the starting shop where i bought the badge
the shop also has life shrooms for only 25 coins
did those little freaks just perform mitosis?
if you don't want them to multiply, why not focus one?
yeah, but it's more annoying in ^$
also, question: why is the timing on the fuzzies so annoying?
yeah, but the block is literally the last 2 frames of the animation, instead of the normal 3
on the i just noticed the speedrun timer with the image of tubba blubba lickin a boo.
i also just noticed that bow's slap on the swoopers is offset
why mario gotta style on em like that?
ran out of rogue energy and needed to stock up
oh those clefts can go piss off
does that link auto give you support ?
luckily i won't have to worry about that
are you playing a roguelite mod of paper mario?
i connected roguelite and rogue energy, but in retrospect, i don't think they're connected
Roguelite games usually take roguelike mechanics and blend them with other genres.
uh, how did a clubba get here?
roguelike is more strictly the genre
like i get that, but did he just walk in from the last floor?
imagine if you fight kent on floor 80 or smth
thanks for your discount, i mostly just wanted to support the channel :)
somebody will make a harder version of this
and i hope kent's in it
I used to be really into gamersups but they make me feel really dehydrated
imagine seeing super blooper out of nowhere
they're gonna keep charging for reasons unknown
i hate kent, but he's respectable. if you try to fight him, he basically says "are you sure? because i can kick your ass real easy"
i guess double dip is situational
Unless of course you're going into Danger Mario then and there
i'm facing dark koopas in chapter 1. this is not good
i mean, they're weaker dark koopas, but still
Oi, at least it wasn't through the wall
Yeah, unreachable enemy = dead run
Errr, we have a situation here
That hit you so hard it glitched Mario out
he knew all along (right?!) ConcernDoge
I thing im done with spiderrman 2 now unless I wanna unlock miles final suit, ive never been a trophy hunter
do it axl get that platinum
what sony thinks of you is important
how do these Lucky badges work?
was that d down p up?
What's even funnier is the badge shop had another P> D<
ACE has been discovered in Fire Red/Leaf Green!
I just saw the tweet so i dont know anything yet
so you need to trade from the opposite version?
Ayo, gambling in a Pokemon run
I totally dont remember in game trades being in pokemon
has that always been a thing?
I def do feel alot better today, ill take one final round a cough syrup tonight and that should be it
bro - bario waited all this time
oh my gah! its plack bit!
yeahhhh i just now saw that you were streaming lol
do you ever deliberately miss a SpooCane so you can fight a certain enemy?
As a kid I had a choice to rent mario rpg and mario is missing... my dumbass picked mario is missing and still havent played mario rpg KEKW
i have it on wii, I have it on snes mini, just never had an urge to play it, thus im not that excited for the remake either
oh really? I thought youd rate it higher since your doing the remake day one
I never played the dragon quest games on DS and 3DS but the team doing RPG did those DQ games
I did play a little of 8 on 3DS but they didnt make that one LUL
Movement is very important in smrpg, more so than pape
are there anyways to speed up movement?
watch it have ttyd speed swap KEKW
ive never considered it to be popular for a mario game, I just never heard people talk about it outside of pape community barely mentioning it until the remake was known
is hurricane that cheap in vanilla?
I wanted to see hurricane on CK
at 20 a 5 cap is 90 iff my math is right
there arent that many people that still play this either
Actually having a good day, how about you?
im gonna be falling asleep within the next hour
correct too heres your starpiece 
i need to get that at somepoint
just got the HB channel setup, now looking for GCMM
can you send the ttyd save later tonight?
my kh2 keyblade commission came in today so i'm pretty happy
i replaced kingdom key with it
anyways i posted the keyblade in your randos channel since it is for rando
Yea it's easy to jr skip
Yeah we know how to count here, nbd
Lost to the first boss smh
What's the optimal number of partners to finish this run with?
So random question, are you allowed to leave after beating Lantern Ghost but before freeing Watt?
I wasn't sure bc that seemed like something they might have programmed to not let you leave the room
Yeah, no one ever tried bc why would you other than to see if it's possible
Was there supposed to be a reset sound effect?
I got swiss running with F-Zero, but would still like the ttyd save
there is a list of like a dozen games
Statistically, Mario dies more often than Bowser
pokemon colosseum, XD, animal crossing, hell even 2 of the spilinter cell games lol
dont let me kill the run KEKW
I dont have an everdrive yet, but maddi selling her stuff was too convenient
date on this save is Jan 20, 2014 lol
f zero, you have to enter the replay menu and you cant have any saved replays
yeah we like memeing about it as if they're about to play WW Rando lmao
so is this how you do gamecube randos, so like I could do thousands of doors with this?
my retrotink doesnt like my wii tho LUL
the other thing with f zero is you need slot 2 empty until you run swiss
the SDGecko inserted at boot-up interferes with the exploit as the Replay option tries to load data from slot B but can't. What you have to do is have your target .dol application actually on the Memory card in order to boot into it with the save exploit.
wasn't watching but I HEARD the *DING*
Still not as wild as the 4x dink on Shy Guys that one time
So that run was the unlucky 1% of runs that flat-out die there
I fired up fire red as a test, I was was in viridian forest and first encounter pika LUL
risch did a hotfix, should watch that one
yeah, actually explaining stuff is nice
does gbi let you rebind buttons, like let me map start to L if I wanted?
gl on the first run of the day
That's when you respond with "I've got a big tech company right here"
Oh so, I've started taking notes on Star Ocean 2
It's a sub 2 hour run already
The back end of the game is hilarious
You solo the entire back half of the game
With an invincible party member LUL
Unless you forget to heal, youll never die lmao
There's an armor in the game called "Bloody Armor" which constantly drains your HP at a high rate, but it makes you invulnerable to everything
And Claude has a healing attack lol
ah shish, here we go again
why are the cartoony effects just clear as day, when the rest of the effects are muffled slightly?
i love the boing effect so much, tho
because blocking is practically good rng
Hi. I want to offer promotion of your channel, dolly, prologue, yoshi skip, views, and chokemedaddys . The price is lower than the low you feel when you have to do prologue 4 times, , the quality is guaranteed to be the best. like no one ever was .Incredibly flexible and soon you will both All Bosses and Glundo WR , everything is in your hands, turn it on/off/customi. Dang now im out of bits FeelsBadMan Cheer100
thank you axl that made my day
was not expecting a paragraph at all today
what the bit emote u talking about?
guess it costs more bc twitch wouldn't be sustainable without the addon
Hello, [ Insert clients name here ], My name is Billy Joe Armstrong XIII and I am recruiting for [ Insert Big Tech Company here ]. We would love to speak with you on behalf of [ Big Tech Company name here ] at your earliest convenience and hope to hear from you soon. We hope you have a fantastic rest of your day and greetings from Prologue. cheer100
imagine if you timed the perfect speed spin and jump to perfectly hit the switch
I do it for Brian, the emotes are just a bonus
i  love the speed spin strat
i actually learned the strat of speed spinning and jumping on my own. took me 10 minutes to get the timing down pat.
why is the subscribe sound that high-pitched moan from an SFX badge? just why?
i unironically use that soundboard clip in other servers and people get so confused haha
Blame me I chose it phanto274Smile
the soundboard is the best addition to discord hands down
adam isnt live yet but i went into his chat and told him to start already its after 7PM KEKW
Because it's the best attack fx badge
That's fair, why add the terrible badges
i'd rather just heard the cursed SFX moan from TTYD
i guess dollar store TMNT will have to wait
Now that I know how I do BTS strangely I'm scared to learnt he faster way lol
i made a run for Darkstar paper mario, which i dub "Darkmess Stario"
Yo Amish you doin more no ACE? PAUSERS
Heck yeah have fun with that :) I wanna get back into pape soon too
1337 (yes, i know what i did)
how can these turtles detach their shells?
I too wear an undershirt under my shell
funny how I actually have use for ttyd now KEKW
@Amishman19 you mean your skin? i don't think thas a-
why is japenese always faster in nintendo games?
time to play dank star, i guess
That's what I call a solid staircase skip
so, apparently, dank star is a harder version of PM64
since i never played OG PM64, i'm in for a hell
the dankest of the stars has no skipable cutscenes- FUCK
also, how can plumber boi breathe in space?
i just had a customer not understand why i couldn't help them, insist that my department has helped them before, and when i restated to call the number i gave them cause it's literally the department they need they just said "u suck" and ended chat
i literally do not have access to the information you need dumbass lol
@Mirby_Studios what the fuck is your life?
something weird is that bowser is part of the mushroom kingdom congress
a criminal is part of the mushroom kingdom congress
like, bowser's literally tryna kill mario
you get how crazy this shit sounds?
i blocked the fire so it only did 20 damage
i'm that much of a sweat
i blocked both of bowser's OP attacks
i think her name is like... Pear or something
who the fuck is this turtle dude?
multibound d down pound and not speedy spin KEKW
i think that little shit's name is bowser or smth
I think 2 is hammer and 3 is bump attack?
hey look, your automod doesn't ban the word twink!
automod isn't here to despise me anymore :3
omg you have an emote for :3
i don't waaanna get up, star spriits
fighting Buzzar is a right of passage
just five more minutes, star spirits
Just remap the angle on GCN COPIUM
i need a copium influx to deal with these goddamn cutscenes COPIUM
The best part is that it also can put the raphnet into settings mode lmao
mario: i don't WANNA save the world, mom!
I don't think I would even bother learning early seed ever until I learned LZS
not worth it unless competing for 1 and 2 imo
that was a damn good toad lure BHS
I just looked at the All Bosses board and forgot how much Random beat the previous record by
ah yes riding sushi as intended
Ay glad Im not too late
yo fellow jake, jakes unite peepoClap
ah yes, the lovely bomb push Clueless
your bot is so smart about that stuff
This is the kinda trick I could never do bc Im impatient and also bad at going fast :(
It can be painful if you get bad pushes
ya when mx_four told me that you want to spin the frame bombette touches marios hat i became better at that
Good luck, were all counting on you
Jake, were you doing a route on pape archives when you were last running?
But what does it smell like
Oh hey I found out earlier today you can do a spin jump to skip the pulse stone I thought only the Laki trick could do that
oh sorry amish i was showering, idk where my route was from tbh i got another runner to send it to me
i can send you what i use if you want
Yeah, after getting back into it I want to try another route where I don't have to be perfect against Bowser lmao
A fight I don't have to make every block and it takes forever
yeah my route you have to hit a lot of action commands on hallway still but youre also just spamming cloud 9 on final
Then I don't have to be mad at myself for not finishing jcogSmart
yes we water block but only if breath on turn 1
so you want me to send that to ya amish?
Yeah, that would be awesome, thanks Jake!
interesting way to get a bit more xp
Way back is so much scarier
okay amish idk if you want the route that i use, which i edited a little bit, and is kinda concise, or you want the original route, that has jr skip
its not hard to route out yourself but yea
I'm not doing jr skip, I'd gladly take the edited version
alright cool hopefully there isnt anything weird about it that i forgot monkaS
Is the original posted anywhere? Cause I can fill in the gaps from that too
hey are you doing okay, this is a worrying development
I'm not fighting the bot today
I think you may not have been spinning on the fall
ah i didn't hear it is why i thought that
haha remember when this guy could kill us in every category
i once considered routing the super shroom in to make him take 2 extra dmg from the volt shroom
this race is NMSB all the chapters are visited in order LUL
well if that's your philosophy there's this cute little badge in prologue that will ruin your life
that jump is definitely a 'pick your battles' thing and i am not picking that one
mario taking his role as playground bully seriously after the jr troopa incident I see
that was only 3rd try too lmfao
gotta get that practice in somehow
it's just not the same when you're doing it over and over again in a vacuum
maybe if you just asked laki real nice like he'd just go through the wall for you
nah i'm desensitized to power shocking blooper
i thought you were gonna like dizzy dial or something when you warned me LOL
need to do some wrist exercises before doing mashing
80% to work on this guy
wouldn't be a bad backup for power shock
I know that one because of all bloops
yeah, all bloops, the 60% prologue category that isn't even guaranteed to finish
Fighting bosses in paper mario crashes paper mario phanto274Smile
they've already forgotten they had kids. this is some black mirror shit
do you think they know Jr Troopa is there and they just dont care? LUL
Honestly. if you ever think you have an extra repel. no you don't lmao
I mean he followed them across the whole ocean they mustve heard/seen him at some point
this version of early whale is so cool lol
reminds me of that mgr trick where you just do a regular dive and it sends you flying oob
I see what Cog meant about the useless double jumps muzyosEyes (also heya Im back from ads)
@buff00n Close Call is not subtle
catsi7Kittyhi GL on all bosses today
phanto274Rage holy crap Octopath Traveler 2 not nominated for anything in game awards. At minimum should be in the music category. ToTK music/sound design was good, but does not compare to OT2 phanto274Rage
star rail got nominated for best mobile game of the year
I have not seen a beholder...
I will have to DM you and ask you about all of that
I'm wracking my brain trying to think of where you could have possibly seen a beholder that early in the game
what decisions led you to that I wonder
I thought I combed all of the first areas with a finely toothed comb
I don't remember a beholder until act 2 where tf did you go
well don't want to spoil stuff for casual lurkers
I didn't see one in act 2 either! WTF
Act 2 it was on an out of the way path
and you just happened to be able to have see invisibility? Or it ambushed you in its lair
Oh wait I guess where I'm thinking of isn't act 2
But you def are probably in a death zone for your current scale lol
this is wild. Maybe I'll see it when I play through again
I'm...120 hours in and don't think I'm close to being done with the final act
so even talking about a 2nd playthrough is daunting
hm, couldn't help myself regarding the beholder and I definitely wandered in that area
I don't recall what markers I had
there are like 4 ways into that place
I had a DC30 check for something and managed to pass it
yeah and 20 at level 3 is pretty freakin' tough
did you get the guidance necklace?
Shadowheart starting with it is goated
I guess that frees a spell for her..?
I have it on my MC
also you have no need for thieves' tools
have you seen a mirror yet?
I've made my monk pick locks the whole time
At least they have good dex lol
I think my MC rogue has a +13 to Sleight of Hand
also is a halfling so it is *exceedingly unlikely* for me to roll a 1
though I've managed to do so once, WHILE I HAD ADVANTAGE
that's three nat 1's in a row
I turned off karmic dice after that
I think that's the first time I've seen that trick
Yo, Phantom. How goes the all bosses runs?
When I was going for that glitch, the hardest part for me was always the angle
But this time I forgot my phone charger
Like I would try to do it and I would look at the angle I had and half the time the angle was way off
Because I didn't have a good way to get down-right consistently
I went down the a wild rabbit hole today. When were toilets first used in homes? Alexander Cummings patented the first flush toilet in 1775. But it wasn't until Thomas Crapper came along in the mid 1850s that toilets found their ways into the mainstream. You cant make these names up, I swear my guy. Cheer100
@pallos7 you're supposed to be STUDYING
see you on the other side
Im okay just wanna leave work lol
Its really easy to go early tbf
Yeah peach warps are annoying sometimes
not that it cant be, but mario wonder being nominated for game of the year feels like a strange pick to me
I'm doing alright today, just went to the mall! How are you?
What a time to tune in o.O so much screaming 
Loading a savestate also resets the settings to what they were at the time of the savestate IIRC from my limited use of FP
But what if you want auto-run on your Clippy save and some other setting for another save?
i'm playing VRChat, and i actually get why this overstimulation game is fun
Nice! I bet it's a weight off
don't spend it all in one place :P
just head to the strip and go all in
I mean, you are in Vegas, you could blow through that pretty quick :P
Good luck on the runs!! orange188Dance
It's weird seeing the fuzzies with koopas shell so use to rando
why is tubba licking a ghost
What would requesting a pit run cost point wise?
Where can I see the info with the chart and that?
Please I can't see it lol
Weird I can on iOS I think
oh apparently this was revealed a few days ago but they're ending hype chats and investing more in cheering and bits
and you can pin cheers with bits soon
look if they WANT that to be a thing i'd rather it be with bits instead of a new thing that has a different cut
Now hear me out, how differently would you feel if Peach had Speedy Spin?
And by that I mean, Peach is able to spin and goes at Speedy Spin speed
Well if you do decide to add pit run to 25k I'll redeem one
make a BHS trainer in the next FP COPIUM
I hate this lure so much
Is this all story bosses or the side bosses too
That's awesome, I heard you mention of that ages ago but haven't actually seen it done
Wow, cant believe ads would play in the best chapter with the most entertaining trick
Where's the ultra stone in vanilla?
imagine using more character than I needed Sadge
was hoping for the trial version
yes made it at least half way
no=posession of wata kuni=country hoshi=star. So... The Wata Country's Star Pilot.
Jcog should run this category since she forgot to touch chapter 3 card KEKW
Clearly youre at the end of 2 Kappa
Story State is a false construct that cannot hurt you
Glitchless, Glundo being the other two?
Pape Runners and Kayakers whale watching, name a better duo
I'd think they're about equal, it depends how close you are to the games
Minish Cap feels more comparible to like, maybe Majora's Mask Rando in some instances
which makes sense, they're both Zelda games with 4 dungeons
Pape is also an RPG that is harder to railroad
Majora's Mask has the butthole and Pirate's Fortress, so that can still be comparible
Plus the moon, if you want seven
but imagine having Moon logic in your MM rando 
Oh it sounds hilarious, and I know it's in a few instances of rando
mostly room shuffler but also I think on No logic?
I'd love to try some kind of seed like that someday, but that requires I am able to break the game over my knee. Maybe Morp could do something like that tho
I saw some people tweeting "This is where I tweet from btw" so I went to bsky "This is where I used to tweet from btw" KEKW
Get better at manipulating your stick to spin it right round baby right round like a record Phantom
mess with the honk, you get the bonk
Honestly missing spin cancels and the like just feels kinda dirty and takes the wind outta your sails it feels like. Lotta little things like that not crucial for the run that just feel bad
At least that was my experience with one (1) run
That reminds me of that vid I saw from Pirate Software today
i could get behind kirby superr star on archipelago, game has so many checks
'I didn't like how there was no story in your game' 'what? my entire game is narrative story'
So the real reason youre practicing this is because the Pape races event is being rescheduled for soon, right? Right? COPIUM
fun fact: i seriously hate dank star right now
That "sure" doesnt sound too confident :(
just take some and clutch up, phantom. COPIUM
what the fuck was that sun?
why was there a dick plant?
:V I did my part for team twink
Mark not dying is an improvement
I know M4 said they were gonna try and put the fire underneath asses to get it workin
I already failed team watt lmao
Just play glitchless, that's something yall can get behind hating :^)
question: what's up with tubba blubba and eating boos?
Its okay, Arrie cant win now
Just because Cotton Candy is empty calories doesn't mean that it is not tasty
Thats fair, hard to balance that out with LZS
You *could* make it so people don't use LZS but
That's a little more integral to All Cards tbh
Its actually crazy how many people make lzs seem not that hard
I think my record when trying to practice was like 5 jumps Sadge
The trick is also doing it
Rhythm game mains in agony over LZS changing
The Treat is no peach cutscene
I just have the 5 right now. I need to actually. Animate. But CSP is clunky for that
You can have max 14 with follower, I thought?
Glad that they made that decision tbh :V
Wow, double dipping 5. What a seed
Youve been to 5 for yoshi Skip though
That's a real speedrun to me. You go from one extreme to the other rapidly and don't suffer any real-life consequences from putting your foot in lava accidentally. Kinda wild it's not like you're playing the game
Laki's bein a lil obtusse huh
What are the time thresholds youd consider for the speedrun channel point rewards? I didnt see it in the about panels but I may be blind
That sounds right from watching both runs
and not the bs I experienced last night
@Amishman19 Thanks for the gift sub!
That's to help ease the sting of yesterday a bit
@adamx0315 Its okay, you can be the king of blitz now
damn right I'm about to be
Fair, this is a hard run
Fast flood room is a rude trick, I think I remember 2 or 3 runs on the LTA dying because of a soft lock there
Only reason I do the baby movement
Ah yea, the normal time that music starts playing
Why de msica sounds different in the randomizer?
How come your doing all bosses runs?
Fair well gl with them all
You could, might not hurt for something to look back on or demonstrate to people wanting to try them
I did it on the weekly but wasnt sure if it was allowed lol
Note that it is possible with a notched angle but is frame-perfect
okay I will practice that lmao
I might need to play around with spin setup for Ruins jump. From my limited testing, it significantly increased the timing window for the angles that work.
Do you know how to get away from the bunch of shy guys in the dark
Oh where can I find her
Yeah I pretty much don't know about this game I'm pretty much a new
Yeah I was like what in the rooms that noise and then they started screaming really loud and shy guys coming hit me I'm like what in the world
oh my god that's so much easier than I thought too
Oh god that looks so much worse
Yeah, rest of the list is pretty easy and straightforward
I just jump from the top and hardly have issues NODDERS
I do the top step one
It is finicky until you get comfy
I should just do it with Laki, I'm muscle memory from speed runs now
I always do the jump because it kind of feels like staircase skip
Not nearly as big a deal as with vanilla gear
Fair, I like the look of this one less somehow
Which is nice cause not having parakarry first time through sucks
Yooo gl with the practising today
oh, there's a point to blowing up Jr?
thought you were being HELLA spiteful for the heck of it
So you gotta be at the top of that jump when bombette goes off?
His hat lines up with sign in background when it's good height by the looks
No music unless you go in the club
what're you doing if you're not chilling in the club tbh
How does it copy the item?
you can tell because they're cheating
YEPSPIN that's what happens when you cheat!!!
classic mario, man. just doesn't cooperate
why doesn't he want to save time??
mine was so stressful too, I sold my house in the morning, was homeless for half a day, and that evening I got the key to my current place.
that was how we planned it tho, my sister being a manager for the builder was able to pull some strings for me.
my favorite trip is retrigger prologue, dolly rng makes for great content
didnt you say this blooper can be skipped in rando?
can you first strike the blooper?
You can skip the downstairs Blooper but that's probably the only one
The logic trick is called "Island Pipe Blooper Skip" bc you can hit the switch OOB
aren't unloaded things always under the middle
center of the room i mean
The video on the rando site should show it being done OOB
I guess it is inside Blooper but Blooper is non-interactable
Which probably also means you can't first strike any of the Bloopers
You know, part of me wants to TAS stuff like that but then I'm also just lazy
for my window the screen is outside glass inside
i... I dunno. I don't have one.
i... I dunno. I don't have one.
the final bowser music in that seed i was playing was the end screen music
and the end screen music was the fuzzie invastion music
GET OUT OF HERE RANDOM LADY
i made the seed bad on purpose lmao
none of my windows have screens so no matter what i say it would be wrong and cringe
i have screens on my covered deck lol but not on a window
you might need to get a new window phantom
i remember having something like that and it being glass outside
i can't have a screen inside since windows swing inwards over here
last place i live the downstairs bathroom had it like that i hated it
i love when BTS dunks on me
Windows here slide open, is that not normal?
germany* but yeah. they have a "swing inwards sideways entirely" setting and a "tip inwards at the top" setting
I have a cat in my lap
i had power outages today ;_;
now that's a paradigm shift. suddenly cat island
the power company says its all resolved but i ain't even gonna risk it
was gonna do a multi with maddy tonight but
mod in rabbits instead, simulate that one japanese island
Did you get your playstation portal Kappa
at least its more comfortable that joy cons LUL
At least I can watch this now. Had to sort groceries and kitchen before so just had it on in background
This 20+ mins of prologue though yikes
It just takes forever but the music is good to listen to phanto274Jam
Windows somehow reverted daylight savings time while being set to check internet for time after updating today
I got really confused seeing 6:56 on iceblue and my pc said 5
Daylight savings time should just go
I don't want it to be dark out at 5:30
permanent daylight savings so arizona is synced to pacific :P
PRETTY SURE YOU ARE IN THE NORTHERN HEMISPHERE
can't believe phantom's about to be killed by a drop bear
Lol they're rampant now it's spring here
hey do you know of a Chris-chan?
I don't know if I should be honored
Apparently a bill to kill daylight savings time passed the senate but it didn't get all the way through past that
@buff00n Now this run is ruined too
@buff00n but how will I know if the dimensional merge is happening ?
but yeah, I posted a drawing on twitter and it made the rounds
How do i give you a rando seed? Like can I redeem and you just make one?
wearing blue kimono, green mane and tail
Okies imma look into that these points burning a hole in my pocket
is there a command for seeds?
I like a sprinkling of traps in my Zelda seeds for flavor, but does Pape have any settings for how many?
wait, crystal generates seeds in-game, right?
Ah, so definitely not like Zelda then. There's 6 or 7 settings for them
That's what the highest setting in MMR feels like LOL
I got really confused cause I was like 'what am I generating in game?'
so a paper mario randomizer would be considered what level of redeem
It's extra funny cause that's what I named myself off of
Hmm. I should cut the potatoes thinner next time. And less paprika
If this run dies, or next run please use this 
I could redeem one but I want the VIP more
With badges fp bp etc is that set to fully random?
I personally like giving seeds that are rude but not unplayable
or ones that may get someone hooked on a good randomizer
like WWR is really fun and I have a baby seed just saved up
 I do love just having the spoiler log handy too and just laughing at the person's misery sneakily
I got fed up with having too *few* checks tho
That shit is so fast based on what al has told me for seed times
MMR blitz seeds can be done sub 1 hour if you know what you're doin
WWR also gives you the Swift Sail from HD
I've seen 1000 check seeds done in sub 6 hours too,
Yeah, even with warping the problem with WWR is that there's only 1-2 checks per island really
Is it boss rush for bowsers castle? Sorry for the questions 
Maybe a few more on like Windfall? But overall it's very much a lot of choosing exactly where to go in what sphere and I do not feel I grasp spheres well enough as a concept for making sure I check all my Sphere 0s in WWR
I have no issue with Earth Temple because I, predictably, like the bird character you play with
but Wind Temple is just eugh. Requires a lot of items and a lot of backtracking. At least Earth is fairly linear
Also I think if dungeons were just open like you can have them in MMR it'd be a better experience too, you wouldn't have to go hunting for the thousands of keys in Wind or Roost if you just needed a few things
I play strictly on Race Settings so often enough I don't have to worry about FF
yeah hyrule historia has some ideas listed that would've been great if implemented
WW definitely feels rushed, esp after Wind Temple
'Oh btw you can't get back in here's a fetch quest, hope you have a shitton of rupees'
and the tiny tiny part of hyrule field that is literally just "path from castle to castle" is... i've always hated that
like that right there is where it screams "we wanted to do more but couldn't"
i've played phantom hourglass i don't need to imagine
Okami taught me that it sounds great in theory but can be ass in practice so I'm not sold
oh it's been a while since I heard that jingle
it'll be under the second list
Just because you don't elaborate doesn't mean someone doesn't understand ;0
on december 1st i'm playing dragon quest monsters lmao
Max rando of everything no foliage hammerless but not jump less please
I tried to generate one and the log was messy I had weird settings
Yikes you'll sound like a glow stick
at least you didn't tattle goomba king
same 45 minutes until you get speedy
hold b to mash needs to be in every game tbh
i can't imagine how long that game would be without pressing start to skip
it's still the only way i've played it
I'm so used to randomizers, vanilla speedrun strats caught me off guard
Would you recommend others to learn it, or is it just a fun run for spectators mostly?
Word, was mostly curious more than anything
Jake was able to pick up any% relatively quickly
I found a gamecube controller I never opened
i never bought the ones for smash switch
"Let's go! I hate my life!!" what a mood
yo blacktiger ty for the gl
i dont need to guess YEP
gonna get water and play some overwatch, gl with runs realbl6Prayge
No you're supposed to just say what you saw and people will think you're psychic YEP
omfg the funniest thing just happened in maddy's rando seed for pokemon red
because they never did the first route 22 rival fight which apparently is always in, they went to do the second fight
but the first happened. there were 2 blues
and after that, blue fought them AGAIN with the actual high-leveled team
the first stepped out of the second lmao
one might even say. ultra anxiety
haha it's funny because you got the ultra boot
either way 4 and 5 are my fav
my fav order is 5 4 7 2 1 3 6
It's kinda neat that we get to see swimming on land in actual routes again, I remember ch7 Sushie glitch used to be a big deal but is now only relevant in no Peach warp
It would be funny if instead of a Power Plus, Anti Guy had something that was completely irrelevant/useless for this category. Fight him just to fight him and leave his treasure behind.
Hey Phantom! Sorry im late to stream, it's been a crazy day .. But good luck! phanto274BLANKIES phanto274Bless
Hey @Phantom5800 Finally managed to catch a stream
I just noticed I joined 5 hours into the stream
i been late for the pass 3 stream Sadge
Smh not buying an australian mario rpg copy to get dmca'd smh
Why is this shit from pictionary
Can you link me that phantom
Gimme a link to that shit
What's it called so I can find it
Idk who gave me an orange sub but I have one
GL, dropping a lurk as I leave for HOA meeting
We should change the A in HOA to E and then those meetings will be way more fun
just finished my OoT async seed and as ganondorf was fading away into the distance being sealed away it said "Nothing here..."
the last textbox in the game as link heads back to the past was "Oh no... He's not breathing..."
also i didn't plan on it but i finished the seed with 420 rupees
But yet when it looks like it should hit it doesn't count 
tricky seed or just bad seed lol
And hopefully some more pit runs 
I don't have your discord  I'll remind you after weekend
Okay I got discord sorted where shall I post?
fuck i was waiting for that
I just got in and checked and to my surprise it was available
Do you fight that just for exp?
twitch wants me to redeem a long speedrun LUL
ive seen enough of glundo KEKW
oh, a fren is playing that blind right now. As a meme I wanted to share the speedrun route but that isnt in your resources so I guess you didnt make your own notes for that
ive seen that trick but I dont know why we do it lol
I got 2 for the price of 1 baby
who do you think will win between megapaula and Jcog?
has duping gotten easier for you?
So very strange why it put you there?
How do people find these skips o.O
All because no one could reproduce Toad Town Sushie Glitch
That was the big thing that was (re-)discovered
I guess IDK how much was known about Sushie glitch, Clippy, and interacting with NPCs
I assume getting Clippy from Sushie glitch was known
rip cheato had sushie, power quake, jump charge, super boots, and bucket LUL
In other news I did some labbing for spin method Ruins jump
Angle range seems slightly narrower but can increase the timing window as high as 4f depending on angle
With my testing, perfect notch is 2f with spin method whereas it was 1f with walk method
However, I'm beginning to wonder if or how much loading zone position matters
I assume FP places you in the center of the loading zone when using the warps (at least by default), is that accurate?
But if you hold up-left from the previous room, you end up at the top of the loading zone, right?
I'm asking bc I got a different answer testing FP warp vs just walking from the previous room
Different enough for notched angle to be 1f vs 2f, it seems
It seems like a messy first half of run but good time saves second half
Yeah there's an extra frame of leeway for a perfect angle when warping as opposed to walking up-left into the lz
But if the lz does put you in a more-or-less central location spin method should be pretty consistent in terms of angle
Is there anywhere in a speedrun you'd normally need to buffer a spin angle?
I am so excited about tomorrow! We are getting a new game release for a much beloved cast of characters in an epic RPG adventure. I have been counting down the days for this and am over the moon. You already know it so I dont have to spell it out. Yup, Persona 5 Tactica is finally here!!! Cheer100
oh shit that come out tomorrow
Yea it's the only good thing coming out tomorrow
I see. I ask to see mostly what the best human setup is. For the TAS I used Hammer bc it's fast but when I was trying it myself it seemed considerably easier to use another spin
Anyway, yeah, using a buffered spin can significantly increase the timing window
Oh, uh, upon second look, the 4f window is pretty fake
A range of <0.05 that exists solely outside of the normal stick radius, yeah that seems reasonable YEP
Yooo Phantom! Good luck on the rest of the run phanto274BLANKIES phanto274GL
              
RavenFP:               
sippin on some sour watermelon rogue drink
How was that run? Since I sadly missed it
How do we add a timer on that?
I put an s on the end
7-minute PB with 5th try speedy YEP
It seems like emotes might be broken on stream? I don't remember if others were working but my YEP doesn't
Gonna go have a Pape Rant
It's okay, you'll be a minute in the green by the time you get there bc first try Speedy
@SeventyFourTG this gg has a weird odor to it
More like a shitz rando seed
treat yourself to some crab rangoon
@RavenFP Careful, I can do 1/8 of Athena ToD
There's only like 8 moves in the tod so that means you're only hitting the jump in
Depends how much you care about the green numbers but yeah, early timesave can definitely improve morale
Just play perfect the whole way through phanto274Smile
Play perfectly enough and you'll manip the RNG into behaving phanto274Smile
Do I not have that here shit
Little bit of self compliment to end the vod
I'm getting my hair done on tuesday
Gonna spend too much at the fancy place in town cause I wanna do a 2nd color
I trust the lady I got an appointment with tho cause her hair was really nice
do you know how long the sale is on for?
might have to buy some next paycheck :D
never made a tracker, what would that entail if i were to help?
what areas do you still need?
is it just a picture you'd need though or are trackers coded using something like java or C#
ive never messed with the camera in FP so id have to play around with that
has the composer ever given you the lyrics
Wait that check is actually in logic
You can get all the way to the blue house the vanilla way
yeah that's what i meant lmao
how often do instant turn-ins occur if at all
Parakarry: "I didn't see a mailbox and didn't want to break in to deliver it myself so I left it on your porch, hope that's okay"
i wasn't paying attention what were the trees
You misunderstand, bot is saying it's only the first hour and we'll get to 7 later
Rip could have something or it could just be Laki
Warehouse Key is something but not yet
Dried Shrooms sell for 3 here? Huh
Heyo phantom, I just finished bug fables. What is ur opinion on the game ?
It's a really slow infinite money hack
oh? I thought if you marked the chapters out of logic it would remove those items from the tracker
I assume turning in the artifact at the dock would be out of logic
But you could do it if you want
IDK why I feel like I've been seeing a lot of ch2 items in ch2 in seeds lately
Though there are a lot of ch2 items and a lot of ch2 checks, yeah what I was saying lol
Only 6 and 7 really have comparable numbers of key items
And w/ visible blocks and no ch5, Watt literally only blocks General Guy
Eh, could also be vanilla Scarf
Actually, a pred might not be unreasonable, we're 2-3 items from each clear rn
But should I have all 4 as options?
Komari wasnt lying, there actually is a love live metroidvania KEKW
2 people bet a total of 8K on ch2 and that's it
8K points to be won, people!
Yeah, I was worried there might not be too many predictioners tonight
It has been a bit since at least I've done a pred
you know i'm always in for a gamba
How many almost-last-locations is that now?
What plant should you watch out for?
Now do I refund the points or yeet them into the void Hmm
Yeah I wouldn't just delete channel points like that
anti guy looks a little different this seed
Enjoy the same outcome you would've had regardless, predictioners phanto274Smile
I was half-tempted to vote 7 myself but I knew I wouldn't be able to end the pred if I did
i was playing black pit for the first time!
we had alot of failed runs and then this run we made it to floor 50!
i got so many good badges and partners
Eh, not like you'd quake much anyway realistically
got super and then ultra boots from my big chests quizmoPog
Not useless but also 3/4 of your chapters are low-scaled
anyways have a good run man, gonna go destroy some cheeze-its phanto274GL
Did you ever pick up Snowman's gift? I don't remember
Imagine being allowed to use glitches
Picked up a Fortress Key while I was making the pred OMEGALUL
Guess I could've made it last longer but nvm
Maybe more preds at a later date
I'm not sure what you were talking about, sorry
Of course it's go mode Watt Sadge
Yeah, probably more faster checks that way and more XP (I think?) if you do 2 first
Yeah not good XP but would I'd imagine doing the 1-scaled first would at least let you get something
At this point hopefully you don't find Parakarry first
I guess you can CHEAT in Ruins
What conclusion did you come to on the upstairs Ultra clip?
Do you feel like grabbing the Damage Dodge while you're here?
I mean, of course you drop everything else, you're in go mode at that point lol
Shoulda known that chest was a trap
He's 1-scaled, what did you expect
I mean, you have Mega Quake now
Working on planning my next rando redemption: how would you feel about low traps on a no-badges seed?
I know one of your big complaints with traps was the effect to the item pool but with these settings the item pool is a bit inflated anyway
Yo Phantom, gg on that big PB!
You just missed it in the library smh
Oh this will be a smooooth fight then
All Bosses you must have the third most powerful mario out of the main categories after hundo right?
just a real quick glundo for the fans
I can let you in on the theme too: Oops, all hammers!
Have a great night! Congrats on the PB again phanto274BLANKIES
oh god cause DS right uuuuuugh
i need to check if my ds is fast for that
I'll take a nap while I watch this game
Except when mallow is on the screen
actually idk if i care about spoilers since i seen the og version
I was watching the other games hat released today, so Persona, Naruto, and the GPW3 rom hack of SMW LUL
do you wanna hear what digital foundary had to say?
also the remake loads faster than SNES
i was surprised with the lighting and shadows
i learned today that Geno isnt a villian and that he actually joins your party LUL
My only knowledge of Geno is from fan animations KEKW
In cases of frustration, grasp your controller firmly and refrain from throwing it. Refrain from kicking/stomping the ground or your console to prevent sudden shutdowns and loss of saved data. Refrain from insulting the maker of the game pak after failures and try to accept your own skill issues. Cheer100
thats from the manual of Grand Poo World 3 KEKW
locked to 8 directions? Ill prob play this with my arcade stick then
starting with 20HP and 10FP, interesting pape started with half of that
bruh, I've had a double coffee 2h ago and it didn't make me more awake
is it adhd after all monkaS
okay with those energy drink suppliers my main issue is them mostly being based in the US
and I once did order from a different one
Yea I was ab to ask how much would they charge you to ship that lol
and I never got my money back
What if he could get back on the hanger
so get a EU based sponsorship and I'll get a max size order
What are you a cop? He's just a man with a barrel
He is a plumber, hidden toilet?
mario just poop in other people bathroom
that being said: I do feel like they did a real good job with the action commands in this over the og
cus I mean to fix the input delay realistically they'd have to do way more then any specific game would need in handling really
@Phantom5800 @RavenFP you two move to germany, learn german asap, so I can use you two for CC stuff at my work pls. pls? pls??
It looks like Mario meets Pokemon for the battles
phantom, you just sold your house, you're free now, COME HERE
like where is her gaming pc
they did make changes so there's no missables from what I have heard
it might also be because of the advertised boss refights in post
BREAKING: Local hero Super Mario makes a baby cry
really wanna get this at some point
we dident have a snes in our house as a kid Sadge
but we had n64 for paper mario at least phanto274GL
I mean the game did hand you a thing for it PrideLaugh
KEKW mario casually crushing childrens dreams
he is the one who jumps man
oh shit they brought that easter egg back!? KEKW
ah yes a "mushroom" i understand bro :)
sounds like you have to adjust it through obs
Aw yes, Mallow can tattle the enemy
except he's a bit more useful?
in ttyd it is, in pape64 its not right?
The level up dances are an amazing addition
Maybe like a pumpkin rolling down a hill?
You can roll them on their side
the oldest trick in the book...lying KEKW
its a real nice escape rope
GO MALLOW YOU HIT FOR TWO
wow not even tattlin the bodyguards
they had a different name didnt htey
cus outside they were called shymore
maybe you got some lowlevel thoughts up your brain?
all I know is low level on the og was suuuper funky
yes in time for the epic playthrough
this gameso fr is so sleak and sexy
thats what I see in belome right now KEKW
green coins? what do those do?
only got til here, and you can redo this bit however often you like yea
does this have a life shroom like item?
is DK throwing the barrels LUL
I don't want a recap... But it was too much to absorb
If he cries one more time, I'll stop playing this game
Just do im caught up. This game is like a ff game yeah?
Was the original a fan make?
IIRC it was just Squaresoft at the time
I played this game on Wii originally phanto274Smile
Got it at the same time as SPM and played them basically back-to-back
I'm leaving after that pun peepoLeave
Interesting, so the dev for this game isn't Square Enix but has a long-standing relationship with them
did that shy guy had 9k hp
i have seen zero gameplay of smrpg so this is a great introduction lol
Wonder what turbo fireball would look like?
Y'all, that holiday brainrot gets worse each year
What does that enemy even do?
I yelled someone's order #, 3 or 4 times, a lady raises her hand so I hand her the pizza
some DICKHEAD chimes in, complaining that I gave hos pizza to someone else
Shy Guys are just support type enemies just watching
never mind this mf'er made NO effort to inform me that I was calling his #
also, I'm yelling a number, and this lady's just staring at me, as I bellow her number in her face
this happened for both her orders
isnt that a form of using muscles?
you never play with me and dad hasn't come back from his trip to the store in YEARS
This kid did what Bowser couldn't
Pretty high production quality on these cutscenes
wait, that sfx was an alarm clock?
I thought it was coins being subtracted from you
I mean, they were fine when Mario walked in...
left left straight right was the order told - dunno when that comes into play
It's weak to jump if I saw correctly
I was thinking about getting this
Do you normally put these casual playthroughs on YT?
might be off of your relative position yea
from a game description in this instance it also makes sense
cus while this game initially was sprite based
you had your 4 directions covered
think even diagonals were covered in this for movement
the mushroom never did a thing to you!
KEKW holy shit they did it
Actually just did a fact-check, Guerrillas and Chained Kong are not the same but look nearly identical
in this fight it should be the "??? Beam"
Is this Geno? We'll never know!
(The answer is both yes and no)
the timing doesnt change like with power bounces right?
cus if its the same like time between bounces you could easily rythm yourself into it
When does genos pulsating rod come into play
Geno insulting the entire rest of the party
because mallow didnt even get shown off as a doll
is it atop the hollow stumps?
Do you see the bottom right?
would you mind if I were to mention how seemingly this minigame handled itself on the SNES with timings?
currently just tryin to find a way to at least get my brain behind what that would be
yea the timing doesnt sound to bad even for the yoshi race in the remake
pure brain derp moment of mine and obv. rythm games and likin them for everyone be different
but essentially, 1 input a sec, when the drums hit roughly, alternating would be the best description I could give you i ntext
cus the drums give you your rythm rly - and keep up for the first like 10 seconds 
ik they do drop at some point during it
where you then gotta keep it active in your head if that makes sense (that whole drum rythm beat I mean)
yea that'd be the big one rly
the input delay on switch do be a thing - not doubting that
guess you could call me silly though given I had played N64 games on wii u no issues
and with me swithcin n64 emus with their differences, havin the same btis of weird happening there with each of them shovin mild differences in
and if you never had it, getting used to it being there more then likely is more rough then basically havin played with it for years
hell - it took me 4 days to adjust to my current keyboard after wireless for ages
cus the wireless one developed ghosting from 1 day to the next
and like -with keyboards you dont go past .1s delay rly KEKW
unless you get omega cheap ones
and I was able to play the likes of say overwatch decently fine with the wireless one
most of them are not terrible at all
like - we talkin .05 to in BAD cases .1s delay
in most cases less then the 0.05
its not the 0.1 minimum which in the case of controllers and inputs can easily then feel like a 0.2
and then from there depending on game load alternate even more yea
0.1 you can get accustomed to yes - but say if I aint completely off, PJ I get like roughly? 0.15?
where was the Wii U at? same ish give / take?
and thats in the wii u's case with better pairing of the 2 devices (imo) and the PJ case with a wired controller
so I can only expect wireless to add 0.05 to the 0.15
and what the switch loves to do is eat inputs
anyway: for the yoshi race even if you might not go back to it ever
mind if I send a semi disgust website over? sadly it doesnt have a yt embed as far as I can see but it shows off the timing decently well from the pure software side
since this is mostly the same game and the link would care about something which existed, without spoiler tags would be fine?
on your discord in general pixels64Love
since I didnt see a strictly videogame only place
and its not part of rando
or well - I dunno if it is
but its not rando talk with that link anayway PrideLaugh
Aww but they don't have faces
you can have more then 3 shrooms now?
HOW MANY MUSHROOMS CAN YOU HAVE
isnt 3 the limit in the og? KEKW
oh god this is giving me DK64 PTSD KEKW
DK64 minecarts are fine just long
i disagree some of those barrels were a nightmare KEKW
Mario, do you have any idea of lumber cost these days?
what're the shiny odds on the monsters then? KEKW
that is such a good enemy name KEKW
time to find the missed tattles KappaPride
I did not expect this booster's tower remix
dude theres so many good lines i forgot KEKW
The storylines are always so sad for the bombs
booster needs to update his driver's licence
Mario is gonna be tough fifiBongo
that the only hidden one i remember
I love how almost everyone in this game is into roleplay
i always like how dumb booster is lmao
Knife guy looks like he's wearing a pizza suit lol
the best scene is coming up
just ask for a to-go box, then the fight will never happen
why the FUCK did Mario this Shyster 3 GODDAMN TIMES in a ROW
Got to the part with fat yoshi
you have to feed the baby yoshi a lot of cookies
I think you have to win the race first
timing is really weird at first
timing is like silghty after the visuals
woah this looks so cool quizmoPog
Timing might just be off because switch input lag
Yeah, it does hurt the game a bit
Have a great night Phantom str9ngLove
I've completed the remake in it's entirety
He needs it to please his superiors
Just go grind the wiggler in the forest
hello, I ran out of chocolate
what do you mean, it's chocolate
I ran out of angry fish
I heard thr massages are real good
Phantom I think you should look at jcogs tweet
ResidentSleeper gosh, it's not even 11pm here and I'm almost asleep
pls give me 4 of those
ResidentSleeper okay, Ima go sleep, enjoy the game
I'm forced to, I don't wannaaaa
Oh yeah when you swap Mallow with Bowser you can straight up do PK starstorm
It's the cymbals (most of the time)
Yeah don't know what to tell you if you can't do anything rhythm-based
The visual cues are intended to be an indication whether you have the rhythm correctly rather than something to react to
I think it's good he died
Oh hey that enemy is in your chat sometimes
I love jumping around praying you find it
I DM'd you the full notes
I don't have things like chest locations and whatnot
The notes are essentially based off knowing the maps/chests
I can give you edit access if you want to add them
My video is up to 6k lmao
I will not torture u with a rando
I can do vegetarian, but vegan's a step too far for me
a bean burger's alreght, but that sodium SUCKS
i've still never been able to do this lol
It's such a big part of the game too
wonder if anyone's considered no super jump category Probably not
I can get to 15 LUL
How is that such a bad thing anyway
I wonder if it would be easier to watch Mario's shadow phanto274Thonk
you can actually do "strategy" for fights sounds great to me
Have you done any post game yet
I just did the basic lazy equipment and coped i couldn't take attempting this
if i ever figure out the window for this, i'd learn this tbh
i knew there was delay cuz i could just feel it but that's obscene
i miss wired controllers being default :(
gonna time travel and eliminate bluetooth
yeah i wouldn't want to run a route without doing super jump
is it still a 3 frame window to hit these after a certain point
yeah i'd imagine feeling the same way
same with MM, i automatically have a frame of delay cuz VC lol
i knew it was bad on the collections but damn
i feel like i got lucky on that race cuz i got it first try
but felt like i should have lost
I got 13s on my first run through
I think there is gear, though I don't remember
I tried Culex on my first visit to Monstro Town and almost won
the edge sliding is ridiculous in this game
whereas in something like Wonder, there's a ton of coyote time, as you put it
I think there is shell you can skip (?)
I think it has a hidden effect
iirc the snes speed run requires it
so it must be some power
what's your super jump record so far? I'm sitting a dazzling 16
dunno how I did 100 as a kid
oh so it's easier and I still suck D:
hm, will have to double check that
I like that you can block certain magic now
so this game made me realize just how disgusting they made Geno
he's fast and strong and not super squishy
and he buffs your team besides
i messed around with super jumps, they feel so bad to do on pro controller for me for some reason
I've been mostly playing on joycon
i used my snes classic controller into my raphnet with the gc adapter and got it
i was so sure it'd be worse
how in the world did that work
yeah I'd expect it to add so much delay
it makes me sad that it's unviable cuz the select button isn't mapped
I notice that kind of thing in Theatrhythm. The L and R shoulder buttons on joycon are instant whereas the face buttons are a bit slower
oh no this is the one I spent 5 minutes on
i think you have to climb the the yellow vine and jump from it to the green one
there's an easy trick when you get sick of it
well at least you have that platform now
I didn't replace work pants til volcano
the boost to defense was just too much
I love that you can clearly hear the "Ohoho" in the music now
I legit used Terrorize on a couple fights
I like how Geno did a little jump there
I meant in the original gam
Geno (who had my safety badge) gets taken away, and then I get mushroom'd
of course, mine didn't break immediately like yours did
it's surprising the bosses aren't immune to it though
my eyes autocorrected to lava bubble
that was a PhantomGamesBot piece of text imo
Cinder Toad is a cooler name than Hinopio or whatever his name was
I didn't have any trouble with those blocks
but I also can't hit jumps so /shrug
but fun fact, Mute doesn't stop its Boulder attack :(
I dumped all my pure water here
i love this embered bony draco
ever since I saw they had those star piece animations I was wondering how they'd do this one
anyway, gotta go. Have fun with Axems and if you move onto Bowser's Keep
I mean come on! They're fights!
time to do this for years and break the game
The best way to grind coins
I don't think the game meant to show shy guy alone in the darkness
don't know if that still works but you gotta kill one of the eyes first
That's how it was in the original
killing the eye unset the prevent instakill flag
"Mario, as my neighbor, you're obligated to help me!"
other than some of the enemy renames ruining my nostalgia this is an amazing remake
they removed bruce lee reference in forest maze 0/10
They kept the exor geno whirl glitch 10/10
they kept in peach's ??? 10/10
he blocked an attack WHILE SLEEPING
that sun's smily face is amazing
gotta grind that 100 super jumps for that god tier item
i've never gotten 100 super jumps
the enemy recoil animation on super jump seems pretty distracting
He hardly used the other forms for me as well
yeah I've heard he's not really transforming much
It's definitely based on damage because I saw the other ones after fighting smithy again
Probably, AI do be kinda fucky
Also yeah post game is like 2 hours at least
Just fair warning, post game definitely requires you to be good at super jumping
I did the 100 jumps on joy cons
yea i got all medals, do not recommend lmfao
i didnt think you were but if you needed any extra confirmation lmao
I'm getting stuck on Rogue Energy
yea you fertilize that seed Kreygasm
i love that culex is just culex in this game
Early Christmas present but more is to come!
yiz, ve germans talk like zis
there bro or sis star was locked in the cage in the movie
oh you wanted to jump, be a shame if your switch had input delay
im mad they changed his name to Frog Sage
he has his perfect shield after all
are the tattles in postgame different to story tattles
well sounds like a testing bit to me that PrideLaugh
I could check in my game but I'm too lazy
Well it's related to the bombs actually
@MVD731 Did you get the super suit yet?
Only Twitch streamers would know something about being famous and getting subscribers
Johnny was shown in the trailer for refights
Yup once you got them it's ggs
Warning you, you do jack shit damage with lazy shell on
Take your time because blocking him is awful KEKW
the laser is three noises into it hitting you
Unable to wahoo or yahoo anymore
He has no moral support anymore
They got a tiny hurt box
Say hello to Johnny but ff
oh shit think this new right
Good thing Peach is literally invincible
Is he going to have a insta kill?
this is the megasmilax experience they took away from us
That's what pissed me off when we talked in dms
No one apparently seems to see that peach is key
That fight hits you with pretty much every status effect
It has odds of surviving at 1 hp
Otherwise it's 9999 no matter what
The crystals have different hp values
Honestly if you focus around keeping peach alive you're good, it'll be long but safe
I believe Green was also weak to jump
why can u skip the triple attack cut scenes but not these lul
ESTUANS INTERIUS IRA VEHEMENTI ESTUANS INTERIUS IRA VEHEMENTI SEPHIROTH SEPHIROTH!!!
By my predictions...seven seconds 'till the end.
I do think culex was a sketch for sephiroth
Yeah, Cluex is truly a bringer of despair.
it took 27 years but culex finally caught up with the lazy shell
bros boutta return to the planet.
oh do the crystals apply buffs when they die?
Water Crystal is weak to fire YEP
Swap out peach with bowser and do pk starstorm.
Mallow be like "Sweet! Man-made horrors beyond my comprehension!"
Was mid-battle party switching always a thing in this game?
Part of why snes is harder
The crystals are the pain in the ass
Can you please take my advice when the triple meter goes to full?
It's LITERALLY a PK Starstorm copy and paste.
Thank God I'm not a fan of dbz widepeepoHappy
Also congrats you blocked a frame perfect attack
You're not gonna do the 100 super jumps on Culex like a rogue energy infused gamer?
It's the only frame perfect block in the game actually KEKW
What's the only frame perfect block in the game?
Can't wait for culex to use the ass blaster
Culex 3D has 9999 hp btw
Feels like he has more than that ngl
oh you dont have peachs frying pan
OHHH MY GODDDDD YOU ACTUALLY DID IT
YOU DID THE FRAME PERFECT THING
Bro can't do 100 sj with a 5 frame window but he can block a frame perfect shit
Also I'm confident it lags midway or some shit
I did it as if it was a metronome, and nope, failed
Once it's just one ohko it's whatever
What if the secret boss was Chara from undertale if you find the secret boss with max LV?
THE FINAL FANTASY MUSIC IS THE CHERRY ON TOP
What if instead of sans you fought culex in undertale
I had super suit and got big super jumps chains on him
OH MY GOD IT'S A KIRBY REFERENCE
I think there might be a Smithy rematch?
A KIRBY 64 THE CRYSTAL SHARDS REFERENCE
I guess it's just like a counter basically?
Yeah I was going to say, levels seem a bit low
Didn't even unlock the move that does 9999
IDK, if you just fight EVERYTHING...
If you want to hit max level you can just grind the Speardovich clone in weapon world
Oh I was gonna ask if you had a route
Internet says the attack action commands are easier
I wonder if that effects super jumps?
I feel remake will be better to run than SNES
I see this is the speedrun marathon mode
Harder difficulties are always more interesting imo
what notes are you looking at - ones for the original game?
Do you get less money from fights on Breezy?
does any% have you get super suit?
I both think the graphics in the remake are beautiful but also a little uncanny
Mario knows all about laying pipe
oh nice grandia 1 is on ps4 and ps5 now
since i bought it on ps3 a long time ago it was free for me
Yeah it's partly why I don't like the old runners routing it, because they assume it's the same people as snes
Exactly why there should be a beginner route with no super suit as well
very convenient of booster to place his curtains several feet from the windows
is there a specific amount of FP routed in?
The first time I played this game, I didn't know there was a run button until this section
bowser really sounds like a celeste kevin block in this game
And it confused me greatly how to break through the door
how many frog coins do you need here?
I feel like this should require like 3 fewer jumps
A viewer redeemed pape rando seed
bro mallow just said "you should kill yourself, NOW" and summoned the wrath of zeus
Do you mean getting a high hit count on the jump thing
A HUNDRED?! I COULDNT HIT THAT IF I HAD A MILLION TRIES
MajinPhil did it last night, 100 cap
Adam there's actually something in it because I tried it with even metronome like and it was still inconsistent
And for me personally it fucks me over because I'm audible not visual
Again for visual people, props, but for me who's audio yeah I'm fucked KEKW
Even when I try the shadow visual it still lags or stutters KEKW
You should've just learned the game weeks before it came out like all the coolest runners
I think you should run minish cap instead then
I tried for about 20 minutes earlier and still couldn't beat my record of 16
I trained for this by doing jr skip on NSO with 4 people where the lag changed every attempt
I'm not doing that either. I'm watching for when I'm about to hit
Like I tried it on the axem rangers and good fucking god
I tried on jawful who don't move at all and should be consistent
Even the low level fellas from snes say it's shit
And I could do them on snes
Handheld doesn't seem to be the way either
How many do you need here
And I indeed noticed a frame drop at the end of a jump
There must be a scenario where there's no delay though
Like enemy + location and formation
Wait jcog got it on the sewers with a piranha
I might give it a shot and see if it dips
Yeah Johnny doesn't lag it's just annoying
He did that on snes but my goodness he was the flash in comparison to here
I honestly just hope ttyd isn't the same issue
Yeah I noticed by the dialogue and the sounds
I never picked up the red shell in my casual playthrough
Mostly the sewers and piranha yeah KEKW
So when does the post-game routing start?
On punch. Not giving me bombs
Also yeah routing wise it'll always be Johnny babe
Love how he sits before flying away
so how do you think this soundtrack compares to the original?
I think for this song I prefer the original
in general the music is great though
freebie rock candy is always fun
Wow this new Paper Mario romhack looks great
wait what is the inventory like in this version?
oh good they kept isometric nut hopping
Well for no super suit this is a good time
Timing windows are easier, 20% less hp on bosses
Most levels past 15/16 take 300-400+
So yeah level routing would be the same
There's a huge reroute in progress
I'm gonna probably retype the whole thing
Cause the exp is fucked up
so how are you doing today phantom
i'm just enjoying the end of my birthday lol
You did the same damage as my Mallow with SS
Mallow ends the run at 15
Yeah I didn't take notes because this entire fight is weird
This fight is so weird without SS, cause your SJs at 20 should be doing like 800 lol
This next part is gonna be rough
You have a lot of turns to get them up
Peach/Mallow triple is a full party revive and heal
it's dangerous despite the lewd nose placement
It can, and will remove red essence
The fact that you can block dark star is incredible
You never split on gunyolk btw
Nope you ain't getting one until the credits
Split on the black out to the final geno text
i got a 3:45 tonight, with having 14 minutes lost to wigglers
and i reset 3 times to johnny lmfao
The problem is, there's no convenient ones
and Geno was never seen again.
except as a helper for a minigame in superstar saga, but only the GBA version
and a SSB trophy, I believe
the big reveal here is that dodo is ordained
i'm telling you it is lol
someone is working on an attack scarf route
game is 5 days old lol
yes but the routes are different
to account for battles being different
they removed the way you can run an easier route
you used to be able to die after doing a star
and go to last save point
so you'd farm the sea zeostars
with the star for like 5 levels
you won't have snowy by volcano
with exp booster you get snowy literally in the volcano haha
There should be an alternate tbh
Like how Gen 3 Pokmon starts with any% and if the mon is good they go for round 2 kinda deal
This sword  has now matched master sword for best in Nintendo
Toad is so puntable in this game
Toad is so Toad in this game
Still a good chunk of the way into the run
I got a new monitor today
I haven't watched enough but what's that % for?
Ah I figured that was the case but haven't been able to see it used phanto274Cry
They're basically fuzzies in TTYD on JP
At least battles in this game can be really quickly
In some you can though iirc
Also apparently to walk you hold L or R, dunno if that would help for wiggler frog
Would this be a game you would do 100% eventually?
do you get all the other frog coins from this point on
ok wasnt sure if you were also getting the one in mines or not
that'd be better than a wiggler jump lol
after croco 2 you just run down the bottom path instead of top with the bob-ombs
shy guy runs down in a minecar with you for a quick cutscene and drops a frog coin
would be nice if you could turbo B for text but alas
if you miss that first 10 coin in the future you could just hit those 3 chests for 4 coins each, faster and maybe safer than doubling back cause of that star lol
their movement at least at first seems pretty consistent
*walks into a table and falls on his ass*
"yea im good to go save star road now"
i always did shop > 3 chests in the house > inn on snes
cause that was what everyone else did lol
yea so maybe inn > shop > house then
if you go straight out of the stump room it brings you to the first room of the maze, small optimization
Still need that as an emote
sub 2 next time for sure
yea the jump saves a lot lol
my pb is a 1:53 with it and i crashed a couple times
lol yea when i was first running snes i had a bunch too
yea i feel like some stuff is really simple to describe but then some stuff (especially in like, forest) it's just "...how do i say where this is exactly" lmao
shoot me a shot of something strong n' bitter
.... Can I or can I not say "brainrot" is that too mean?
the password was Phantom all along :)
YOU CAN GET A PEACH KISS????
I GOT A KISS FROM BOWSER AND BOOSER
i think it's 3rd set of candles lit is too slow for peach kiss?
"rely on rng" was all i had to read, the answer is no
we got a ToD IL record
oh right no that's on normal lol
i love that they intentionally kept that in
on the cock and ready to rock
geno buddy you were supposed to do 9963 more damage than that
apparently it's even more free than on snes, you can just hug the left side and squeeze by
no point in not getting those tbh
yeaa triple moves are physical unfortunately so
Holy fuck just got my internet back, how's the route going?
I think optimally once it's all polished out it should be like a 10 min loss to super suit
making stuff up or, as i like to call it, routing
time for smithy to eat shit
just hit the heads with the thing they're weak to 4Head
they come back with 1hp 2nd phase
2k on normal, whatever that means
bro is the equivalent of a kid being mad another kid touched his toy, so he breaks it so nobody can play with it
they persist on snes but no idea if anyone figured it out for remake
fade out after last geno textbox yea
Cheer100  gg on the fat pb
if we can confirm boosts persist into phase 2 i definitely think 1 each of party energizer and bracer would be good for smithy, if casket head does show up then at least geno boosting peach and mario would suffice
you can get 5 frog coins for each troopa climb sub 11, which is pretty easy with practice
i can assure you it's absolutely the fastest way to get frog coins at that point in the game
eh backtracking in that room in the water kinda slow
safety ring is too good not to get lol
but yea beyond troopa climb there's 3 frog coins in belome temple in the room before you get the fortune to try to get to his room, there's one in the nimbus land shop and a bunch in nimbus castle
so like sure if you can get away with not doing troopa climb at all for items then that's the way to go, but that option is there if you need more
my most of the stuff route will be doing a bunch of climbs lol
will prob start that tomorrow since nobody in discord has responded to my thread on it really
Lost my watch streak bc traveling
Also is this your new tracker? PAUSERS
i did work today for once lol
i converted some songs from the LunarLux soundtrack for use in KH2 rando, so i had to find the loop points for them lol
when it goes by sample number, it gets pretty tricky. like one of them starts at 3226774 and loops at 7985302
So partner upgrades are on other partners or just found around the world?
iirc this is what i voted for
here's where the first partner you find is sushie
IDK if I were in that position, I'd forget about the Sushie upgrades and only try for Mega Rush unless I found a ton of Star Pieces naturally
see look if you'd just gone to the shop to start i'd have been wrong
oh? these tracker settings are live?
really it's your routing to blame :P
yo phantom!! hows it going bud?
I dont mind waiting, Im not even playing pape right now
kinda made me want teriyaki tbh
prime rando is a beast to learn
ive just been following the spoiler log lol
any Metroid games looks  monkaW to learn
You could have gone to 5 through the Whale too
I dont think fusion is bad
still trying to will a fusion/minish cap combo rando into being
you also need to be mindful of softlocks too
Yeah this definitely makes more sense since you have Boots, I was just confused for a sec when you HS'd away
at save stations you can warp to your ship atleast
Debating if Mushroom is better than cocnut ... then you throw out a Fire Flower...
What kind of newfangled tracker is this?
You ought to realize all Nintendo 64 games are trying to do is to make you destory the controller. Every single one want you to break your controller. They want you to smash the stick, wiggle the stick, mash the buttons. They are asking to be killed. First Mario Party game is the best example and oh boy does Pape follow it up in spades!! Cheer100
that was quoted from maximilian playing SM64 KEKW
the 10 hour vod is on youtube, in 2 hours deep lol
sorry, been lurking. not sure if you already talked about it but whats with the item list?
oh thats cool. so they updated the tracker.
anyway, i like the update to it
Just come live with me instead
Yeah but we got good food
coconut seed. this seed is nuts
who locked bow in her own basement
i didn't get teriyaki, i instead made ramen and put a good amount of soy sauce in the brother to cook into it
i was like "typo? what typ-oh no"
"Soy sauce in the brother" Damn, that maneuver is foreign to me
i was thinking about how my brother told me that ramen is the most customizable food there is cause you can do a LOT with it... and i autopiloted to typing brother instead of broth as a result
I could go for some ramen
go 2 spots I ought to check out
Imma make some spicy ramen later
s/o to Ramen places that have boba
shut that place down that's a food sin
almost got to see an accident. suv with a uhaul almost rearended a police car
Frank's is some bottom tier sauce so I understand the disgust
we taking guesses on parry location?
this will be hilarious when those badges cost 6 BP each :P
look i already called sushie i might be on a streak today
woah, new randomizer stuff? What's the "no" symbol on certain items?
how is the heart opening the doors
Just huff n puff things 
whats with all the stopsigns on the tracker?
remind me what bliz is again
also what is that tree card besides the record?
just got back. where was parry?
there is an asshole nearby shooting fireworks scaring my dog phanto274Cry
i guess i just say pupper all the time LUL
at least i was in time for finale.
@axl_sr who tf shoots fireworks in fuckin December and WHY
HEY YOUTUBE IF YOU'RE NOT FOLLOWING THIS CHANNEL... ... ... WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU
woah did that say Bow ^
so that's an only bow upgrade?
no wonder that hammer laughs at your misfortune
did you ever mention what that unique thing was? Not sure if I missed
Never seen a windwaker race, cannot confrim if accurate.
Yes, we know. It's still funny though.
Seed's cursed if you have Goombario
@Lucarioiscool63 Don't talk bout the goat like that
1st toad town shop but that could be last seed
imagine having two back to back seeds that have required bubble seeds.
Imagine it's Lakilester again, like that one time.
so, they cut the middle man and just made it a trigger / flag
alternatively, Bootler could've gave you the pass
Oh also blacktiger I forgot to tell you but I finished azure a couple weeks ago
I'm waiting for 2 tubs of ROGUE ENERGY to arrive to my doorstep
@RavenFP nice time to start trails into reverie now
ROGUE ENERGY NOW AVAILABLE W/ CODE AVAILABLE ON PHANTOM.TTV
My bottle retains cold / heat, so ice cold water stays ice cold
is a bland meal just a tv dinner ?
I like if you let the blooper theme play on it's basically just a remix of the jaws theme.
@blacktiger51 I'm waiting for the winter sale for it to get the 10% or whatever off
So replaying cs1 and 2 rn
its on sale right now 20% off
yeah and the sky games also
I own those already at least
I bought like everything at christmas last year lol
I'll prolly still wait for xmas tho I need my money rn
Also like 70% through cs1 on nightmare and I'm gonna play 2 after anyways lol
oh forgot to tell you dehya is actually good now in some teams
If arlecchino comes out and is also useable I'll play
not this up coming update but the 1 after leaks saying  arlecchino is coming out
Yea that's what I was told by my one friend who plays a lot
I like how you've had Goombario out for a while now and haven't switched out of principal.
It's tempting though, I'm sure. XD
Maple Ultra? If you find a Jelly Ultra, that's a hat trick!
Can't belive we're getting so much use out of hammer throw this seed.
I think it's good that he died
I was here right before you started then got sidetracked with family stuff
How you feel about the gimmick? LUL
Seems like lots of unreported bugs w/ progressive bc it's played so infrequently
just cuz you're right doesn't mean you should say it
Definitely glad I added traps, this is a bit ridiculous
Whatcha gonna spend those coins on?
Or just get 999 for the sake of it?
I'll probably watch the VOD later but how's the item placement and combat been?
I rerolled the first seed with these settings bc Boots were in the first shop, I needed you to at least work a little for it lol
You have multiple Jelly Ultras but can't spare one in a situation like that?
Hey buff00n are you working the thursday of frosties so I can go get a roast beef sandwich
I fell asleep for like an hour. When did you get so many coins
Oh no you messed up the menu!
How's your weekend been so far?
Did you do anything for Thanksgiving?
I've been good, and I did phanto274Smile thsnk you
Atleast you celebrated your birthday and that was fun!
birthdays ain't special, but these days I request off for my birthday
easy enough for me, they're two days apart
I am 1000% taking 3 or 4 days off for my birthday
even if I ain't doing shit
not doing shit is a great way to celebrate
birthday streams are the perfect excuse to have people give you free shit
depends on the holiday, Valentine's day for example
Tubba, more like Tuffa lmao phanto274Lurk bad joke
I definitely want to go sometime!
but you're networking, so that's worth it
oh i like how you handled marking the entrances
you're expected to find a way to circumvent it
Are badges always in increasing order of FP like that?
It's so rare to have more than about 2 in the same list
after fp cost they are sorted by current temperature of most similar sounding city name
Something that is interesting about the badge menu though, your badge inventory is sorted every time you open the pause menu and the sort order isn't based on item IDs
You don't have it on this tracker but you have looked at what all is randomized, right?
this girl gave you her allowance
I think I left it vanilla but removing so many items fills the pool with Tayce T
And Whacka letting you farm the best of the bunch doesn't hurt\
When are you ever going to use that Ultra Shroom?
Stream was good, run was... something else
its spicy tho. really hitting the nail on the head with it
What run is the de-rust for?
Para does have slightly better base odds than dizzy for Master
Not like you're at any risk of running out of Life Shrooms
I love jumping in front of interactables
thank you local Toad Town vendor for selling Life Sjhrooms at reasonable prices
How late did you get Super Boots?
unless it... falls onto your lap
After this seed I'm curious as to where it is in the spoiler log. XD
I have been looking at the spoiler but it might be best not to say anything
I will reveal the Watt upgrade location during or after Final Bowser
Phantom, would you like to explain to Adam why you have every hammer badge equipped?
There's this cool feature they added where you can limit the number of badges in the pool
By setting that to 0, you can limit the badges for the whole run to a specific set
oh someone did that to me the other day
And the theme for today was "Oops, all hammers!"
I also added badge synergy to further encourage hammer usage
think you a little low on money think u need to sell more stuff Kappa
But it was in the right color block and everything!
The gall to take a nap, while you're on Bowser's doorstep
... or is it Peach's doorstep/
What's he gonna do now? Kick your shins?
does his fire also get smaller?
Me too, was a bit disappointed when I saw it didn't
Still figured it'd be better than nothing if I'm forcing you to use hammer anyway
Oh, Watt upgrade was in Toad Town Sushie check btw phanto274Smile
I'ma head out now, GG on this completely wacky seed!
I hope these kind of settings are fun for you, definitely interesting from my perspective to watch unique combat
Yeah, honestly just changing it from vanilla should reduce the Tayce T bloat
Don't have many (or any) ideas in mind for a sequel atm but maybe someday
I will be the "so called free thinker" and break the chain
With the music it makes this game look more epic 
Dreams are wild. I took a nap and dreamed you did a metroid rando, as a co-op with a fusion runner KEKW
It's Jr. Troopa from Paper Mario 7
I need to take a look at stream archive
Probably a week after the original stream day
I can't remember what sss fight that was tho
Is it with bowser and that other guy?
Missed opportunity to have it in Dream Team
Popped is in bean kingdom tho
He shows up for one part in Dream Team and never gets seen again
We don't talk about Mr. Mosquito
YouTube, tell phantom to play the mosquito game LUL
Oh this part won't make the vod lol
But make it part of the vod so ad revenue stickshamRiku1a stickshamRiku1b
There is a new pape mod that dropped today
They said it runs on console
I have no idea when but thousands of doors is on my to do list
its gonna get to like -25 soon at this rate
Dive into dreams isn't real smh
I've got a free day, but I'm not feeling setting stuff up
four that would be unfair to all other ppl cuz yer too gud
Super Mario RPG hype is real
I'm just not in a pape mood, too much exciting things going on
I grabbed the prime map tracker, soon mich better now
You said 1 2 7 4?
petition to rename merlot to wine guy
How much fp is jump charge?
parakarry what are you doing there
How many checks do you miss skipping kent?
i smell smoke. are your pants on fire?
im peeking inside the window. thats some real pink panties
why would i tell you cmon
What a message from someone named stalker LUL
how much to wear that badge
I somehow got disconnected from my WiFi
is this a never die seed?
u get recommended to me a lot, hello :) and gl
These shy guys are incapable of showing moral support
What are you trying to gaslight us with?
isnt it intended to be a clipboard?
that looks like a cell phone to me. i bet they are texting
woah. I always thought it was those foldable calculators where you can take notes on one side?
that fuzzy did that just to spite you LUL
greek place near me, they had a gyro cheese steak
definitely a calculator of some sorts
and cheesy. and the veggies were perfectly cooked. and the bread was toasted just right
One day we'll see a sub 1 hour rando
only rigby can do sub 1 #rigbelievers
oh it was in logic then?
its hard to tell is frying pan is marked or not lol
you can make the jump from lower pink to upper blue
lowkey the one thing that would get me to run this again lowkey is how good the music in this game is
yeah i'd only play glitchless KEKW
It's a trap morph, don't do it
para skip is too dumb :(
speedrunners never learn rigby, it's a self fulfilling prophecy
What do you mean? That's Kooper Kappa
He might be in there. You never know. That's why they call it a mystery.
We need Goombario, as he is a life essential friend
We all need that emotional support friend
RUDE. He was just doing his job. phanto274Cry
Fair enough. I mean saving the world is more important than getting the mail.
you were almost in go mode before i finished shaving my head, just sayin
i figured you did just didn't see where, i heard go mode earlier LUL
People have passed the November madness, know they're working on their December lunacy
@know15 I work retail, Christmas Spirit is legally required to kiss my black ass
i also see the tracker is updated for blitz settings, thats neat
Time that you needed to win the race
And eldatar wasn't seen until a Mario Party
damn its the toy box not the tool box
A fitting color scheme for this boss
whats the moon crash? something from ttyd?
Kill some fire bois on the way
i don't think i've ever seen a shooting star be dropped
most powerful i've seen is t rages
green ninja koopa and his three sons
M O R P H I N ' - T I M E
One of them just doesn't like Baja Blast
if the TTYD remaster wants to compete with SMRPG, they gotta add Jr Troopa back
jr being in ttyd remake would be hype
This is gonna be scuffed, isn't it
emo tracker has a ton of minish cap map trackers, which one do you recommend?
Joined right at the end, I see
phanto274GG iceblueGG smifficGG sweeth19GG teegstahGG sirnic6GG coystrGG
Congrats on the MASSIVE Blitz PB
he is in fortress, sttill needs to clear ruins
in any case, completed run gg
i watch on youtube i'm one of them lol
niiiiice they are all on there
that ending medley never grows old
how do your triggers 2 questions at once?
cause we never use him LUL
looks like a lot of quizzes in your future
what if talk to quizmo he gives you a star piece then asks if you want a hint. If yes he talks you to gameshow and gives the hint there?
Welp I hope you got your quiz hat is on
the bridge is out. What is this, SMRPG?
See jumpless is interesting but you take away the hammer it's just perfect
Hi! Including shrubs? Or everything but that?
Ya how is it your fault he is so flippable
Without traps? Or is this painful?
Nice. May not be your favorite, but it is my fave kind
fully random as in it could cost anything between 1 and 10 BP on everything, or is it the range?
Have a badge that costs -2 bp, get bp back for equipping them
Are their invalid uses? I guess when you know that it has no chance of working
Though seeing a herd of sheep trample bowser would be amusing
ouu what does tubba besides the star spirit mean?
ohhh you're not doing the number thing besides anymore, gotcha
Now you can save the yoshi's
i friend i see its another crazy seed redemption
who knew the Yoshis were death merchants
Now you gotta get hammer throw
i been lurking and come back to 2 hammer for sale ok
wow all or nothing at 2
where are you our derpy mail person
this seed was crazy kinda good
3 of the 4 dungeons had zero progression items
im happy we actually have an announced release date for the ttyd remaster
only ch.4 and prologue were good, and they were stacked. and danger mario was an early option too so there was that haha
isn't that date around the time of princess peach showtime too?
@darknessfairy2 that's two and a half weeks after my birthday leggooo
for first party things, yes. It is a little unusual for them to only be a month apart, besides toward the end of the year
but, if you can get good chunks of people, you get 'em 
looks like i got the dates mixed sorry :(
I went to a smash local to see a friend and ended up playing to kill time
People jumped and I hit back air
not seeing a release date for TTYD anywhere. At least nowhere official
@Phantom5800 yeah the site i was using messed up the titles and release dates
they put that s*** in everything
now I want to get some Yummy
my crunchwraps are 20x better than TB's
my local one's been biffing it hard
mine goes all in on the sour cream
ah yeah. I refuse to pay an extra dollar for that though
wonder if power plus is any good
Not very hammerless, they keep throwing hammers at you
we all know where therre are, we just turn them on so its easier to line up
just got back what happened to the last seed?
wait i missed it what happened
gotta buy the coin thats important
i bet something is on 60
Better be very miraculous water indeed
Damn I was hoping it was chapter 3 again, o well
The other chat I was in had a gold hype train so now I'm special
Damn what a strange sight, farming in a paper rando
Depends how long have you been gone?
oh wait store room not open Sadge
chat, what happened to prev. seed?
Died to antiguy, didn't save at all, sad day
please...i've beaten 3 anti guys at once
So no train on 60 star pieces Sadge
this seed is hot garbage so far
so how r u planning on winning this
Reset for another seed?  sorry hammerless so brutal Sadge
there was a shooting star on star pieces
im surprised how many gamecubes releases I found with widescreen like star fox and monkey ball 2
GG hardest fight in the seed
i cant block that attack either
good thing i remember the shooting star
A reverse of the last seed
Unironically that feeling fine would have been nice
Which shop gunna be selling hammers this time
Maybe the yoshis are blacksmiths again
I would gladly pay you Tuesday for a hammer today
Imagine if credits could be made useful with a setting that it lowers prices by a certain amount.
Could just make the credits give straight coins
Idk if that's possible within the framework
I mean its better than being dead weight
You will probably find a hammer here on mt rugged
I can come up with a setting that most races would instantly hate right now.
An Item check from defeating that bird thing.
Luigi's ID to get past buzzar
Hm... Got enough for a short speedrun redemption now, but none of these are quite my thing. Guess I'll just save more.
(or items that make you color blind and fully blind - sorry, too many ideas)
I could see a certain use for an item that would let you go through the snow city gate without doing the mayor stuff.
This chapter used to scare me as a kid
paracarry or laki could be jere
oh yeah u was just in ch3
I wonder where your logical first hammer is supposed to be??
I like how the wacka and lava piranha are just looking over your shoulder
Fuck it! We do it live!
So now it's in logic, right? XD
When your hopes are raised and then dashed quite expertly.
Bombettes random jumping is so off putting
isn't this still out of logic?
Ah yes the earth shattering thump of mega jump
if only mystery bag can be opened in battle and a hammer came out
Let's hope Mega Bomb has low cost, or this Bombette is a dud.
Maybe mega bomb will be good???
Was there anything on the ledge couldn't see or get to without parakarry/laki?
At least until Koopa Koot needs that crystal ball.
I gotta head out now, goodnight!
Lucky you have the syrups 
Though honestly at this point I dont think finding that logical first hammer is going to do much, may just be best to stay on the out of logic train
I'm not sure the first seed might be bleeding into this one, so you might not have
I saw you get watt I can't remember where but I caught seed late and you hadn't gone to beach since I got back watching
I feel there can't be nothing here
Well I feel the hammer is the first step, but It really doesn't do much.
hi, can you tell me what constitutes as a sandwich, like a full definition of what a sandwich is
Okay, so with that definition, a hotdog is a sandwich.
But it can be, if you cut it in half
Let me guess, it was the government
why only bread cut 2 hotdogs buns in half
Shame you didn't put traps on too really add some spice to a bland seed
A postman's job is never done
And that logical first hammer wherever it might be???
Shall I redeem another max rando?
You seem to be enjoying this 
3 hours in 2 chapters beaten phanto274Mash
wow is it only bean and red or blue key from go mode
Not a bad seed an adventure seed visiting places over and over
wow not grabbing quick change then again i dont think it would be worth it
ohhh im so used to the ttyd badge sprite for quick change lol
Just gotta mega jump to victory
1 fp mega jump is just toxic lol
So technically a 4 hr rando so far  might get to that 5 hr one I mentioned first seed 
And I gave you boots to start with too
Job well done heres a tip, dont spend it in all one place
It's nice seeing that tracker getting filled up though
You have to have all of the Koopa koot items except Koopa legends?
Do you have the spoiler log for this seed?
Just remember I questioned about a pit run before redeeming this seed phanto274Shrug
I'm very interested to find out where it is.
The last 3 boss fights that play out the same everytime
Maybe a get the 7 star spirits setting for these long seeds?
I love playing the "a link to the past" "super metroid combo randomizer
Super metroid is tricky, but once you master the tricks its not so bad. Though I really don't play straight sm rando.
My first introduction to the ideas of randos was " a link to the past" so I started there, then when smz3 came out I branched out to it and sm
Ya it took me a while to get a hang of those
I completely understand and I know exactly what room your talking about
I didn't really either, I mean I had one, but my first real console was the 64
I had star wars episode 1 racer, donkey kong 64, super smash bros, sm64, paper mario, star fox 64, and banjo kazooie
I didn't play alot of GameCube, but my family was broke, I made games last.
Title can be almost 100% rando run 
You also have yellow yoshi I believe
wait are we thinking it might be on dojo master
I mean where else could it be? Anti guy?
I mean it has been a troll seed so...
I'm laughing cause it hurts so much
i swear if that letter give the key
wait i missed it where was it?
Ya I'm am very curious about it
A good run for yt though
I really did miss a game with cyber sleuth
Yup, black Friday offer came in clutch
still need to play it in my backlog
The other one appealed to me because more forms, but yeah the story of cyber sleuth seems more in depth
I'm still waiting for a sale on Trials of Mana
Wonder what they did to dq 11 because it wasn't that low on non S
@blacktiger51 I played the demo and fell in love with the fact the remake embraced the verticality the original game lacked
That was also a game I hoped would be in BF but it wasn't so whatever
the remake added a jump button and encouraged you to hop on top a buncha shit you couldn't reach originally reach
I think I stopped after you recruited the twins?
I can't say anything because I 100%d it KEKW
@buff00n i never played the og one but i know there a fan patch for the snes version
i need to replay dragon quest 11
@blacktiger51 we have an official translation via the Collection of Mana
To be fair you saved yourself from post game hell
and prob beat the super boss for dq11 never actually try
I was playing DQ 8 on 3DS
That was the first post game boss I beat Tiger KEKW
I was either too dumb or too smart, but either goes
it's funny to me that everyone was so down bad for Jessica that they let you marry her in 3DS
does BN count? Cuz BN3 was the first time I gave a shit about postgame stuff in an RPG
I did nt the gc game and oh my god I hated it
Secret Net is fine until those fuckin Time Trials
@buff00n try the post game for dq8 Kappa have fun shit is hard
I tried post game but nope, couldn't
Well glad my Archipeligo seed wasn't god awful this evening
It was just too damn jank
@blacktiger51 I'm fine not fighting that fuckin dragon over and over again
Not to mention his jumping is actually terrible
@buff00n oh no no no the other stuff the 3ds version have harder stuff
how did starting w/o a hammer happen?
is hammer better than boots for D Koopas?
The salt in the wound indeed
@blacktiger51 debating hooking up my ps3 to play Breath of Fire 4
@buff00n i never played 3 or 4 Sadge
@blacktiger51 so you played 1 and 2?
Honestly, 2's awful, but I love the story and characters
i liked 2 but fuck the final dungeon
the real question is where was the last hammer?
@blacktiger51 dragons being stupidly busted in 1 is why they gutted them in 2
Well you were right on the money for completion time
Ooof I thought you missed that
does it count as listening if I put the video on before going to sleep?
Doing great! How's the new place treating you?
do you already have a new place picked out
oh yea, I forgot about that
i have my TACOMAC so i'm good
not a crime against teriyaki this time then
Yooo you doing a run for rrlat?
i saw ppl getting around 3 hours so its doable
how do you like running this game so far? at least, comparatively speaking
Yo phanto274GL  gonna be lurking playing with a friend
that's dope! I've always that that route finding is a really cool facet
Can I spend a channel redemption on BN rando?
good luck with run, going to prep for DnD tonight
still waiting for my Blood Orange and Sour Watermelon
gotta make sure everyone knows about you running into a spiny
I wanted to ask have you ever played bug fables? sorry if you're asked that alot
it has a randomizer built in! it doesn't randomize key items, but it's pretty cool
Does this still have octagonal movement
I love how I have enemies show up like they're a menace just for me to one shot them KEKW
Yeah I'm doing all missions because idk
What run you doing after this one?
Is it whats coming up in December?
Geno the chud dabs on mario's lifeless corpse
it's not smash but this is good enough
peak of your operating system settings
that was a LOT of mario games on switch
Not too in the community, but have there been any skips found as of yet?
Honestly I want to see Geno be a Mii Fighter again to see Jesse's reaction lol
They spent hours in the lab and the debugger to make sure this one runs crisp
Game Freak wasn't making this one.
no kidding. you go out of your way to get the forest secret
how'd you do the slide? I knew there was a way to do it but couldn't remember when I played
saw a video on a 4-turn 3D Culex. Made my 48 turns feel real bad
although mine was comfy AF. Peach was never in danger
Is that booster and moral support?
good to hear keep enjoying more
Well, you're good streamer I'm actually mostly work on custom design can i hep you something?
Just asking if you want to add some custom designs for your channel i will try to assist you
The platforming is my one issue with this game
I somehow did it second try
I struggled with the platforming doors in Bowser's Castle
Would actually recommend it as someones first RPG
Is it ever said why specifically Mallow was abandoned?
So that may be another criticism
Maybe it was like a long con thing for Valentina
Was Mallow actually abandoned or just accidentally fell out of the sky one day?
probably abandoned because Frog Sage specifically mentions a basket with the name Mallow on it
Kinda wanna start the postgame of RPG now
hope you're good at timing blocks!
hm, I never did go back and beat Smithy after doing post-game stuff.
supposedly you can just run behind it
Where do I start the postgame?
what does Geno have that gives him immunity to ice attacks?
I thought it was just instant-death protection
So wait. Is mallow just a cloud
Was I supposed to talk to Frog Sage?
Like about the Star Hill stuff
i'm slowly walking through the any% route rn
part of me has wanted to learn snes smrpg but they abuse super jumps everywhere
plus the menuing looks spooky lol
need my pape/zelda menus with a bunch of pictures
If it feels unnecessary, chances are, it is LUL
Yeah I watched Monado do his first playthrough and his first any% run
I should have my kid do this to practice multiplication
I was wondering where that enemy was in my journal
I think you mean "OK Boomer"
I think this room is an inconsistent frame rate
I've seen a lot of other runners complain about this fight specifically
back in time for the end
Oh yeah, I forgot about abi KEKW
It's a 3:09:59 in our copes
We celebrating and cooking this day
Please don't run it back just for those fucking 5 seconds KEKW
Oh ffs KEKW just saw in src which one it was
waiting for the d to drop
gl and happy holidays! hillySanta whobuiHULLO zhealHo margos3Ohhi
has everyone been enjoying my song in all the retail stores?
Glad it's not just me KEKW
I think this is Pokemon Channel
don't forget to like and subscribe!
9th in any%, 7th in all friends
I mean it's something, not the best but better than nothing
rank is meaningless to me gel with ur run
So basically mew has a bitch complex
I can't be serious with this fucking music KEKW
This is some good Winnie the pooh music
As I grew up I know the kinda fucked up shit people recorded with chatot in dppt
half the roster is on the naughty list, aren't they?
I love tackling my friends and griddying on their face
The fuck did I do this time
And I just want a million dollars Sadge ( PAUSERS )
was this game always so HD???
Gimme more of that good wood
is there a friend requirement for any%?
literally haven't played this since i was like 12
i need to check your pc and game
Ah yes this game it exsists
idk how to feel about pokepark 1
i like the 2nd one more personally
the 1st one is fine just off?
WAIT IS THIS A DPAD GAME
OK FR WHEN DID THIS COME OUT
this is why i remember nothing
is it a dick or something
he's homeless, so he wants you to get raw materials to build a house... so that he can make money instead of have a house??
i have 2 minutes of ads so seeya in 2 minutes OMEGALUL
got his priorities in a twist
oh i guess that makes him hot
he sent a mercenary to beat her until she came back to him??
she's hot tho she could do so much better than that floating air bnb
wait don't tell me her place is one of glalie's air bnbs
why is pikachu's victory dance just dabbing left and right
nah, there's no way that lets you copy and it was a 1.1.2 released like 2-3 weeks later
oh wait i guess that's froslass's job now
prove it by being good at sports
because good guys are good at sports Clueless
poor guy was just trying to get a stay at the bnb
dang, this is why he can't afford a stay
EZ step 1: talk to friend EZ step 2: make friend EZ
piloswine's blood was spilled for naught
it's a good thing all the useful stuff is put in crates
it's in a crate OMEGALUL i hate this
got that spdef for a reason
the way that gible goes flying when you hit it is so funny for no reason
i gotta sleep gl thx for the stream
I got the egg of courage, can I just evolve to flamedramon anytime? Or is it a one timer?
KEKW real casual talking about the competition
considering flygon's magic words does that mean he's a trigun fan?
look he's trying to hide it by adding a third word in
yo tiger ty for the gl
beat my tippy pb by 2s
Yo lopez thanks for the gl
Please look down at the gamepad 
they're very grand sounding and depressing lmao
okay, but Midna's Lament is fire, even if it's depressing
load up deku toad music instead
Malo is the real protagonist in Twilight Princess
IT'S SUPER MARIO WORLD, GHOST HOUSE
i played on this stage way too much as a kid lmao
i loved breaking the mansion with samus final smash lmao
I rocked Tetris Type B on Luigi's Mansion
the ridley remix from brawl is fire
I was Tetris Type A person
I had a dream I asked MVD if I should bring Hennessy to Frosty's and his response was "you think I'd say no?"
Is there a bad Dedede theme? I think not
Can I get some Marionation Gear?
just dealt with someone who got mad at me and accused me of being a bot becuase i couldn't tell them what the issue their car was having meant. over text. i can't diagnose that
i directed them to a service center and they did not like that answer lol
i'll say it, snes forest maze >>>>
how dare i not be able to help them with anything and everything
definitely almost called it dark matter lmao
Miracle Matter was a bitch to fight
the remix music ain't bad, but I'd rather listen to the SNES music
mostly calm now but that idiot had me LIVID
glad i work on chat cause i was screamin' in rage lol
the culex fight music for his second fight is so good
ff4 boss theme is so goated
buf00n was one of the kids who got crunchatized by cap'n crunch and now can never get enough crunch
@mirby_studios I mean, you're talking to someone who LOVES the Sega Genesis / Mega Drive soundchip
Crunchy is what I live for
Why does that sound so crunchy
the crunchiness added to it lowkey
since ice is here lets ruin one of their favorite songs
I just barely recognize this song but idk the name i forgor
this is very F zero sounding
This gives me Surfing with the Alien vibes
woulda never got that, i didn't have a ps2 growing up KEKW
"so tim we have you on board for a licensed game. you know what that means" "go as hard as possible right"
"Tim tim!, 6 people bought the game with your OST in it!"
This sounds like a fuckin sonic game
it does sound very 80s buddy cop
For me? The game starts at wigglers
i had to back a kickstarter that launched
you know all the 3DS and Switch Picross games?
yeah Jupiter made a shitton of them
now they're making their own standalone game
gonna help design a puzzle to go in the game, and it was only $34
i get a copy of the game too
the last i backed was Windswept
and before that Mina the Hollower
bloodstained is STILL getting updates lol
in terms of what i'm still waiting on that i backed...
Windswept, Mina the Hollower, Hero.EXE, Flowstone Saga, Fraymakers, and Victory Heat Rally
of those, Flowstone Saga was cause i know the dev (and he made Tangledeep before that) and Victory Heat Rally was because RoBKTA is partially on composing duty (and i know him, he even made the intro/outro music for my stream)
it's funny i basically have my own theme song because of that lol
i use the outro for my break screen too
glad to hear you've been lurkin' tho :3
my new work hours make it hard to want to stream lol
Errr bot be spouting some randomness today
Was Mario always that good at charades?
yo been lurking since the start, too tired for games. I guess 8 hours of prime knocked the winnd outta my sails.
oh yeah, I finally got to ridley
do you have any moveement options?
only if you use it KEKW
i started learning this game last night, i declare that wiggler jumps are stupid KEKW
i have not, i could try that
GL, nap n lurk fifiSleepy fifiLurk
i noticed that with this fight yesterday, it sucks
he just mainly has weird attacks
So run after this same as yesterday?
But it doesnt have the iconic music
But the 21 min intro Sadge
Windwakers is fast if you break ur hands
Well phanto274GL on the run might be back later
well you being bad isn't the game's fault
Pape has many frame perfect inputs in prologue
You can map the shoulder to A through the Switch and put turbo on the shoulder, no?
weapon world taught me you could cap at level 30
yeah fighting is way way easier. I kinda wish I was at a much much lower level so Id have gotten a challenge
why did the remake rename some characters
I'm tempted to look at the platinum piece of shit method for exp Sadge
Is it really just triple and have the USB?
monkaHmm no wonder I see it all over yt
Well knowing as abi and other stuff is a pain in the ass, time to grind for platinum shit on taco Tuesday
Is that new group attack in this version used at all in the speedrun?
I blame my friends for picking the damn palm tree
Whenever people at launch were saying NO SPOILERS at chat I immediately thought of this part
Top 10 saddest moments in video games
Yeah this game should have a tiny bit of backseating because some people can't read notes
I never beat the game, but I can't imagine there's anything that's actually big
How many turns did it take you to beat Culex
For me it was 28 iirc
Mine was 47 but I was extra careful
I got the super suit whoch made it easier
Took me abt 2 hours to get 100 super jumps
Bowser is my favorite character in this game
Bowser in the rpgs is always hilarious
Must be some timing involved to bring a heap or some shit
I can't wait for geno to be a mii costume in the next smash
this song's in every SMW romhack
When I first played through this years ago I didnt know that there was a run feature
I thought the run was added in the remake
got stuck at Boosters tower cuz the platforms require a running start
I got stuck at Booster's Tower because ZSNES crashes when you get Bowser
You should play a better game instead
I wanna see a yellow rat go on an adventure
I wish they stopped animating people like they're fully voice acted if they don't have a voice
literally the only bad thing about this game is that it's faithful to the original to a fault in that it's isometric
everything else? banger. except for bundt. I do not like bundt
wouldn't you like that, pape speedrunner Stare
The isometric style is like it's identity and what sets it apart from the other Mario RPGs lol
@mayochan456 It could be 3D top-down and still be a unique Mario RPG
Isometric looks cool but the depth perception is so hard
Yah it's not that bad. I just have issues with a few spots as well
And like I said that's the only issue I have with the game and it's 99% a non-issue
It'd overlap a lot more with M&L Superstar Saga imo, I'm not saying it's much or it's perfect but it is what it is
Mario and Luigi games if they were good after the first 3 games:
same, I find this game to be weaker than the next few Mario RPGs
The awkward thing about remaking M&L SS and BiS is that they already got remakes and they bankrupted the company that made them. So I don't blame them for just not bothering
yah if they actually put effort into it like they did with SMRPG, it'd be high tier
if SS got a second remake before PiT ever got one I can imagine that some people would be very angry
64's consistency > ttyd's peaks idc
honestly the decisions they went with, remaking specifically RPG and TTYD, which are the edgiest RPGs they've made... it just puzzles me
Oh do you just do 7 beams here?
You might not even need to beam
Have you tried physical with Geno?
@morpheus080 I have to agree for sure, but I'm a sucker for games where Bowser isn't the main villain
I say that as an SPM speedrunner lol
Oh I was looking at your fp
they should make Mario Kart RPG
ngl I would be surprised if MK9 didn't have some sort of campaign mode or something similar to shake things up
Your split for Croco 2, WITH the pipe vault detour
Is 2 seconds faster than my any% normal Croco 2
mario kart rpg not even the worst idea ever
I'd be cool if they did anything to shake it up, antigrav in 8 and the underwater and gliding in 7 didn't really change anything
Wow that fight is 4 attacks faster lmfao
Imma do a breezy run when boards go up so I can be like "lmao fast time"
Oh you only get 9 bombs here
It's moreso for Shocker at yarid
oh is levels faster on this version too??
GAME THEORY: MARIO IS DEAD IN SUPER MARIO RPG
I gotta show you the strats for this
booster is so chadly i love that guy
god damn it man. That's what the room key was for
I just picked it up and didn't even pay attention to the locked door in the same room
what do the zoom shoes even do lol
hell yeah it's time for the worst boss!!! tarttaLFG
this is the only boss in the game that i died twice to casually, and it's like, one of the worst ones to die to
exor is free. I can say that because i never died to him and totally did not just get lucky multiple times with misses that would otherwise have game overed me
i was genuinely expecting the game to end when i beat exor because i thought this whole time that the giant sword was just smithy
yah i never played the original but i have a great appreciation for it being the first mario rpg and technical predecessor of paper mario
i tried watching a speedrun one time but i fell asleep halfway through because it was a snoozer
I like how they added these cinematics to introduce each character
i generally find it very hard to engage with just watching straight up speedruns of long games I've never seen without them being explained
Is she not used at all?
yeah just a small gold nothing to worry about monkaW
holy crap gold mario was a mario rpg reference
i had to kill that guy in casual playthru but im not sure if it's... required?
s one way to get past it
Maybe put in notes initiate fight and runaway
The pinwheel, you can jump over
I literally just take the encounter
And jump on his iframes LUL
God this fight sucks without super suit
Oof, did not intend to sleep this long phanto274D
This game makes me glad bn doesn't have jumping
Don't you just love when your team went from ultimates to all champions? KEKW I hate it here
Is there a way to see enemy HP?
Yeah the only thing the Pape games have done for the better
popesPOGGERS_HF phanto274GG majinPOGGERS stupid143GG_BW avarie1GG stupid143GG pripcyGG popesPOGGERS_SG
Have you done the 100 jumps yet?
Was asking since you mentioned Johnny
Hopefully there will be pokepark tomorrow
that's cringe I don't like really really long
@tarttapple its a marathon for long speedruns
Press F for Valentina cause she still sucks
Mirby I read that as "romances the bot"
I also play super paper mario so what do I know about myself
I know you got this str9ngLove
I mean I dont think they even have faces
I was thinking of a different game I think
honestly the 2D version of the theme is better
i still have my launch copy of Pokepark 2
I remember the big cardboard displays for it
I kinda wanna track down a display at some point for nostalgia purposes
I think it was at Walmart or target
purple has him zonked out of his mind
i havent seen a pokepark run in so long lol
anywhere between 6 to 9 hours
imaging frame perfectly mashing for any speedrun that isnt hold to mash LUL
shit I played this game all the time when it was new
I still cant believe in this game Mew is Madara Uchicha
I have so much nostalgia for this game
i played this game so much as a child
Pikachu becomes a mix of yugi/ichigo/naruto
2009 i was 8 years old, and then 10 when the 2nd one came out
I think I played it in like 2010 or early 2011
imagine a pokemon game getting into RRLAT and its a pokepark game KEKW
the poor soul who has to check those 9 hour runs
i mean ill be driving into work at that time LUL
that run will literally take the time of my workday LUL
shit youre making me wanna play this game
okay let me just reject this run rn
oh you played a harmless game? chloroform.
Glhf tackling everyone and making enemies
and ive been playing unite and tft
thats basically the plot of this chapter tbh
They really gave you the graveyard shift huh
oh you played a game with your friends? chloroform bitch
@Kidrocker96 I have started learning it this week 2CoolJonathan
Yeah 3am for me, eeeeeeh, uuuuuuh
also Pog Pokepark in a marathon
But I'm gonna miss you bullying kids
i can race you maybe if ya want
@Kidrocker96 this season is a banger of a season so you chose right to start now lol
im pretty sure i got a new one
yeah i got a new one
I love how when I was streaming casual TTYD people kept asking if it was emulated
really goes to show the state of the market rn
@Kidrocker96 i like it tho akali is a BITCH
I really think the retro bubble is going to pop soon
he do be a speedy Boi
well turtwig really showed treeko EZ Clap
turtwig has been caught using illegal berry supplements
fuck it you made me wanna play this game again lmao
@Glennjaamin hey no one said that berry suppliments were illegal
why didnt you hold 1 after fade to black post mankey fight
honestly I dont even know where my copy is LUL
@pkmn03 i couldnt tell you where mine is either prob got lost in the moves LMAO
oh i know but also lucario got a whole movie with mew in the title
the mockery and then the immediate failure
hey your friend could run whenever she wanted but shes just hanging out
we dont look where we are going we are speedrunners
oh no what did I start
my god this is hitting me with nostolgia wtf LMAO
what color are your cheeks 
yo we're going to the meat zone at AGDQ tho
we're going to texas de brazil, omg
Yoo gl, cant wait to see this at Really Long A Thon
i need this house to be bigger so my friends can cum
ok Ill refrain on this one
i can't believe chimchar is FUCKING DEAD
I cant believe chimchar is FUCKING []
I did the full rainbow journal once as a kid
what about the land fuck you pikachu Ill rule it anyways
I hate how accurate your paraphrasing is
gator u do realize ur matchup KEKW
We have our own Space Whale! Trekkie
hes frozen. what a fucking idiot
my waifu left me pls bring me some hard blocks 
I want to be bought by IHG help me expand
LuL a parent chose to fight over a search.
Water pokemon arent the brightest tools in the shed.
no need to push me hard at least
did you know that glalie enjoys a good egg nog
I mean have you seen her?
its true! nintendo power told me so!
well now its Great Tusk or Iron Treads.
no hard feelings tho no homo ofc
damn inflation hitting the pokepark hard
I like how you havent acknowledged the sky pavilion at all
eh its probably just another conspiracy cooked up by the government right?
whats the lore in the run of why pikachu is collecting the sky shards
i hope mew visits my town next
what if we just bribe mew with a sick yoyo
What's so special about the VIP in the redeemables lol?
it's the cool kids club yo
lol thanks my kid wanted to know
okay back with flaming hot cheetos and french onion dip
@iceblue thought that said flaming hot cheeks for a sec
this is so comfortable I could just die in here
bro wants to get railed so bad
gible why do your iframes last 69 years
a minecart?? I can finally get railed!
I love how bastiodon is just inconsequential
Man this Bastioson guy sucks at Pong
smh my head not going for 6900
flaming hot cheetos and french onion dip kinda fire
wash it down with flamin' hot mountain dew
I looked at rogue energy yesterday it's like $70 a tub for it shipped to aus Sadge
i used to have a black cat named Phantom. he was not smart
you know how cats will survey their surroundings as they walk?
he would drift in the direction he was looking
WHY WON'T YOU LOVE ME -Camerupt probably
My little brother got me a bag of funyuns
Why dont you wanna talk to Camerupt
How could you say that abt him
Walk in a straight line in pokepark?
attraction cleared, yeah i feel that
is this the part where Charmander turns evil or whatever
Cheer100 "speaking of adds I'm not the oldest trick in the hotel fridge?"
you want head from the horse?
you're gonna do what to ponyta??
ice we had the same idea phanto274Smile
YOU DEFEATED HIS STALK AFTER YOU CAME SO FAR
You sure you wanna go through the gate?
shit I lost. have my weed crystal
I forgot that it takes berries in the 1st pokepark to use driftblim
Why did driftblim make flights free in the 2nd
whoa thats one big hole 
i can't believe ponyta taught you how to play mario kart double dash
I'm gonna trap myself in a painting and tell people I'll only leave if they watch ur stream
So I have an idea for my next rando redemption but it's cursed enough I want to make sure it's okay even if it technically follows the rules.
Idea is "Let's see how long a seed can REALLY take"
Well, if you're not opposed, you have an idea what to expect YEP
don't take that zone for granite
Mime Jr is a stalker huh
Yo homie! GL with the runs
Hey! Found you on youtube, been watching a lot. GL on the runs!
levias genned a seed and spoiler log says goombario and laki have 3 upgrade blocks
What kind of game is this, I've never seen it before
Its an Elmo game replaced with pokemon
I played that game once and good damn it took me forever to complete. Granted, I was barely reading english back then
came in form blue and saw the Mawile
How did you like SMRPG? I'm big into paper mario but haven't played SMRPG so been on the fence trying the remake
I think I'm now ready to run this game, thank you
shake does iron tail if you buy it
You don't need a tail for it socpensShy
this part of the minigame is inconsequential
popesPOGGERS_HF phanto274GG pripcyGG majinPOGGERS avarie1GG popesPOGGERS_SG
what a mood change between songs
also legit my fav version of big blue
i could've just said "muted" but that's not as funny
this rendition of the fairy fountain theme is phanto274Jam
are you ready for this seed to mirbysSmack you?
i love mirbysSmack because it's actually official art lmao
just noticed your title on your splits says pal
why did you let out gramps's pet snake
And coincidentally, the one with the most languages
oh nice, surprised pal is the glitchiest
Just kill the rope with a bow
L I T E R A L L Y F R E E
What if the rope has a important check tho?
What about snakes on a plane?
btw ice a great post came across my feed today
i posted it in your pokemon channel
Dude I just did a pape rando that had super boots behind anti guy  Ive never had a progression item be there before
bus is super effective on murkrow. 256x damage.
you can now get a lamp
YOU REALLY CAN GET THE LAMP lmfao
I can't believe it's not Baja Blast
@Ohrocks How many ppl are in this battle?
or is it a solo rando
Too bad they never get used in speedruns Sadge
why is your alert box messed up
only the top third of the graphic showed above the tracker
Good luck with the rando Phantom
I got all the way to the 3rd board in mario party 4, then live splits crashed 2 hours in. So I let the dog out and she got spooked on her walk so just decided to end.
yup, it crashed on 2:25:57 axlsrRip
is frozen link a unique sprite?
just rare or like cutting room floor?
i sure love when i ask for clarification on something from a customer giving the two options and the customer just says "yes" when i actually need it to be one or the other and them saying yes only accomplishes me wanting to take a baseball bat to their shins
I got a text message today saying my packaging is sitting in a warehouse and needs an updated address. "That might be my everdrive" checks the status and it hasnt shipped yet. Then I got a same message again from a different number but was on an image. Also website were the same but last 4 letters LUL
ooh my madrinas should be here monday
its interesting switch dropped Legend of the 7 stars from the title
It is cursed but could be way worse.
do you use the map trracker for this?
ive def been marking it on prime lol
yeah, for pape ive only used it for forest and desert. I love not needing it
reminds me of the difference between hi jump and grapple beam LUL
Whoever made Gold Tektites should be fired
eBay now lets sellers use AI to generate item descriptions, so that's now a load of useless garbage. The stupid thing about this is that eBay should be actively encouraging users to write a detailed, accurate, honest description of their item to facilitate a sale in which both parties are happy, but instead it's like "click here to add a word salad of incorrect unhelpful bullshit" Cheer100
what was the listing related to this? Mr Flash 64M GameShark MID for OG gameboy
Ive been playing some double dash I have no idea what people see in that. Its as mid as I always thought
its easily my least played so I have no nostalgia
My main problem with 8 is the lack of single-player content or incentive
i didnt like 7, I think I only played for like 15 hours period
In Wii you're encouraged to play all the modes to unlock stuff
Also yeah, customization is eh for me
Also the fact that most of the unlockable stuff is just cosmetic...
Which I kinda get but still
I never owned wii, never needed to. There was always someone else that had it lol
who do you will win between rigby and paperario?
I saw rigby do warm ups this week
i can't believe talon lost the key forever and now he'll never get in his house again
obviously he just needs to order some Starbee's on DoorDash
the funniest part was rolling off the edge right there ngl
banger of a credits theme here
that's when you cut the VOD right as they see my message on the last frame lmfao
I clicked on popes stream and they were talking about what taco bell items are best to fuck so now I'm here
Anyways popes answer was the cheese and potato wrap thingy
for me it's the cheesy gordita crunch with the doritos shell
god i'm so embarrassed right now
the cheesy gordita crunch eh ok ok lol
@Mirby_Studios We don't judge you it's a very attractive menu item
i'm about to run away forever
"I want an M-Cannon" "We have M Cannon at home" m cannon at home
WHY ARE THE RECOV CHIPS X
central 1, known for its dragons
you have to fucking murder some navis
i wonder what a green clawed purple reaper would look like
are we ready to meet a patridge
thats what follows mick around right? a parakeet?
i have a list of birds whose name start with P up right now and uh
there's one called a Pitt Shag
risch we have m cannons at home in this seed
because normal cannons are m code
I don't even know what MagCoil does
half the network chips are a mystery to me as well
the only thing thats nuts is panel grab deals 3k damage
yes if u float urself and the enemy with shoes
phantom we should do a bn3 rando race for fun
I was about to say, do you know about all the settings on the BN3 rando?
i'm about to do an archipelago BN3 rando
nope but at this point we should just click every box
okay we can unclick that box
But don't you want your VarSword to be renamed rischDab
sorry I dont just combo press rischDabs
Id be down to do a chaos bn3 rando
I do think the BN6 rando could benefit from some of the stuff BN3 rando has
Like different enemy pools so that you're not getting DarkMechs in Central
Mettaurs becoming DarkMechs seem a little.. unfair
maddy has made a mistake MOST grave
they forgot to season the veggies and the meat for our burritos
the best thing of the bn3 archipelago rando is it's in an endgame state BUT THE INTERNET ISN'T UGLY
look at mick trying to be relevant
kid doesn't even have a custom navi
you can't be a secondary protagonist without a custom navi
Golem Hit 3 Bees, More at 11
bumped down a tier cuz I'm subbed to your YouTube as well, so that balances out
I gotta hit the atm so I can resub lol
i voted for EraseCross for the record
Sorry  not around gotta pack up . Heading back home 
Yay I have money now phanto274BLANKIES
i see battle network i click lol
yeah i kinda thought so. i saw golumhit 1 with X code and was confused. i know these games a bit too well
Octo looks so happy laying on the bed phanto274Smile
you gonna try the bass fight LUL
I am home w/ Chinese Food and liquor
I just had jimmy john's cause i got it discounted lol
one time, JJ's had sandwiches for $1
i remember that, i wish they would again
as a kid i thought that punishment was funny because it was vague. as an adult i know it's funny because sometimes the law is intentionally vague to allow for more wiggle room
Chat / Streamer, you get all the game dev $ in the world, what project are you funding and who are you paying to make your game
look phantom's the one who said that
that's like temple of droplets being in lake hylia
i mean fair but droplets is the one i specifically called out lmao
and now you dont need sword chips, since you are a sword now!
i'd like to imagine that's actually a filepath. like lan just goes into the PET and navigates to /BEAST
the W stands for WHY THE HECK IS THIS A W CODE
as a kid i never knew how to finish this last puzzle the right way
wait what do you mean judge man has attacks
i mean i've played (and beaten) star force dx legend mode i could legitimately see that
seaside3, it's easy to remember cause ITS A PAIN TO GET TO HIM
As much as I love Crosses, most of the Link Navis look kinda lame, imo
done packing and in time for endgame
well i just saw a beautiful sight in dragon quest monsters 3
no each realm has 4 seasons and one weather effect (depending on season). this one's is a starry night sky where the constellations are marked with shimmering prismatic lines
so the seasons thing i mentioned is a new mechanic. i just found the item that can force a season change
it's a terrible joke but still very good lmao
your run is invalid if you don't
look i'm not going to tell you about my weekend plans
see hub, the difference here is that unlike mick, dex's jokes are actually funny
that was too perfect for a quote
sounds like a couples counseling program
"Here at LifeSync U we can make sure you understand your partner perfectly."
okay so this rando has had an unintended side effect i forgot about
i use the email sound effect for maddy's text tone so i keep having that response of "oh maddy texted me wait no that's the game"
@Mirby_Studios me when I'm watching 3rd Strike clips
I realize now how spoiled I am from spamming EraseMan *
ask Chaud if you bum ProtoMan again*
*depending on if you played Team Colonel / ProtoMan if which ever you consider "canon"
People have gotten oddly defensive when I've sad Colonel makes more sense
MegaMan and Lan are WAY too familiar with two people who've appeared for like 2 scenes in ProtoMan
I'd pay top dollar to have all 10 Crosses in one game
then again, the anime said "fuck it" and gave MM both Cybeasts
BN Wily is immortal, ENG ver had the right idea saying he survived the explosion at the end
Does Iris actually attend the school, or does she just wander in whenever she's bored?
Glyde took offense to a commoner trying to make conversation w/ him
VC's picking up your stream and I'm being accused of making angry sounds
I really need to play this game at some point
its just hard to justify 60 for it for me idk I might just wait for a sale
didnt the Japanese version have like online or some shit
it's worth it. you even get the previously JP only things
but the online stuff I meant the original
like mod cards and stuff for the latter half of the series. and the boktai scenario in BN6
didnt the original Japanese version have online for some of the games
yeah none of them had online. star force yeah, BN no
I still have to finish X6+
did NOT realize the HP bug drops your hp THAT quickly
@pkmn03 please tell me you're using Ultimate Armor for X6
I was talking about the Very Tired hp drain
ah yeah i platted those lol
lemme see what I was even on I dont even remember
@pkmn03 I'm reading that Ultimate Armor doesn't affect platinum trophy status
i miss all of it do it again
i threw jobs into my BN3 rando so that's gonna be awful
yeah Im trying to get as many trophies as possible in one run lmao
@pkmn03 as someone who likes X6, X6 is gonna bs you, so bs'ing X6 with Ultimate Armor / Black Zero is absolutely fair game
yeah you can. as a solo seed
you make a single yaml, upload it to a room, then download the patch
no need to multiworld if you don't want to
it sets you in an endgame state, you gotta find the undernet ranks to get GigFreez
so you gotta find those, and find items to unlock SciLab, Yoka, and Beach
it's more like a zelda rando in that way
even the cybermetro passes are locked
yeah so they did put a fun logic progression in
you can also put in extra undernet ranks, if you get them after getting gigfreez they become 20 bugfrags
it also changes the numbertrader into 500z for a check and the yoka metro shop into a bugfrag trader for checks
^eyes BN4* are you SURE about that???
you gave gourmet guy the cake anyway
Tried it once, forgot where all the ten blocks were
Is this blitz settings? Also GL
members are out here in full force
fuckin fightin for my life here
anyway, how's the seed thus far
Atleast your getting a level. Lol
@iceblue trying not to strangle members and coworkers, that kinda day
manifesting that you don't have to do that
If 5 is in logic, does that mean Yoshi kids are always?
Phantom Enthusiastically Abandons The Yoshi Kids
These shy guys are out for blood today
if you don't get watt, i'm reporting you to the FCC
I thought they were laws against exploiting children on the clock
that's too much work reaching for the zeros, cmon
@iceblue that's why I setup the bot, so I ain't gotta correct people
well, i'm sorry in advance for saying your name wrong every time
or i'll just call you buff
It's like switch all over again
@sselwalf you just gave me an idea for the bot
What can I say I is smart cookie
I honestly thought it was the bot lol
C O O K - I E S
the snow is the in the store for the same reason there is lube in the tree
i typed tree because i heard you say it
Idk do we know of the snowman doll is made out of snow, maybe its a regular doll that summons the snowman
what if snow was the snowman dolls flesh?
It's whatever you want it to be
I hate coming here this way, but I hate more not being able to come here.
on audio only, so I hear badges but can't see badges
gl and happy holidays! hillySanta zhealHo margos3Ohhi
HOW MANY BADGES ARE ON THIS BLOODY MOUNTAIN
@buff00n i've been since november 1st, the retail stores just can't help themselves
You've been around since September in my store
not me getting a game over in X6s tutorial level
listen that boss is jank ok
pk wtf, when you wrote "baddest bitch" on your job application, i didn't think you literally meant just bad in general
in logic slow go is 100% required
how much for slow go phantom
it's a race? okay, $75 and Phantom throws
If you won if slow go, and I was a participant in the race, I'd quit
Damn, now I wish for a forced slow go option
I like how Jr just. appears.
@iceblue ball's in your court, $75 for Slow Go / Phantom Throw
i'll just pay for their texas de brazil at AGDQ
like chap 7 Jr just kinda materializes from the ether
you ever just squirt on a ghost
@iceblue vaginal toll (Book of Mario reference)
@pkmn03 I was trying to sway Iceblue into a money making game for Phantom
buff i used to speedrun zelda 1
i know all about money making game
oh god the Zelda 1 run
ya i have a sub 29 in zelda 1 lmao
i know a thing or two
I saw a video about that. I think it was Bismuth that did it?
either bismuth or summoningsalt. cant remember
well you had to be more specific
Ironically I expected the knights to be stronger KEKW
Specially with the story partners ngl
might lurk and play x6 idk
I actually liked X4. not because it was good, but because of the very low-budget dub
Im very disappoint in you colonelaaaaaa
u gonna want ur own bathroom king
I completed my first MP4 run today phanto274Hype
so u can prob move in the 8thh
for some reason exo paid first month rent but wasent living here or storing anything
I believe it was the pyramid stone sir
If only the pulse stone was there too
Doing good, packing for a work trip to Dallas tomorrow
Oh you're actually fighting lava piranha
pain to drive in though lmao
Make sure to do it hard
battle network looking different after the new patch
You have plenty to spare lol
or Rockio because he's hard after th- you know what? I'll just stop LMAO
He looked so happy as he died
I had a question. How good are you with hot sauce?
maybe a hot sauce challenge? shasPlot
That's an answer from someone who's had hot sauce lol
like you could do 10 sauces and each one gets hotter and hotter
Phantom saying they can take any hot sauce np
Well I wonder where your going now?
yeah, Curtis had the same problem. It didn't get like a good kick until the last one for him
The flavoring would be more of concern too me
you can take any hot sauce because there are no nerve ending left in your mouth!
I'm coming over too so I can destroy your toilet LMAO
I used to be stronger, but thanks to family and other health stuff, my stomach can't take much anymore PrideLaugh
that too. my stomach has multiple other problems too PrideLaugh
It feels the bot is responding to a dating app lol
so I was practicing stuff for Sonic 1 a while ago with Amy. I watched a Sonic 1 Forever run and that shit is so much better by miles
like it puts Origins to shame big time
unless I decide to do the Amy 6 that I want to "technically create I guess", then yeah, I'll go to S1F instead PrideLaugh
I totally forgot that chest exists.
the tech in that game is dope as hell
I'll post the video in your discord
Well I mean arguably palace key was behind 2
alrighty, I time stamped it too so it'll take you straight to the run countdown
I can't to see how K64 100% goes. If you ever need any help with that game, I'll do my best PrideLaugh
"K64 isn't a new game" stickshamDEMON
okay good. I'm glad you were able to get in contact with him too PrideUwu
can we get a partner switch
lets try to keep that turtle contained
I thought you were a legend
I should know this. Glitchless does this same exact thing PrideLaugh
well not the power shock, but yeah. unless that's been changed
I would if I had a really good time LMAO
So much good, so many bad
Ya, what was the fp cost?
Gotta risk it for the biscuit
Why was that effect timed to what you said?
fp plus for 1 badge point holy pape
no wonder u cant beat final bowser
oh shoot this is a race
"If I'm hard, HARD" - Phantom
Ya its bad when you leave final bowser
the 3 ohh geting unlucky with the pattern or what
i beat my first rando yesterday and i love it
bloody awful seed if you ran home to do some shopping and STILL beat someone
when u was going back to toad town singman was on ch8 jr
idk i just check his stream when u was going back to toad town
can i entice you for something
warning though, it wasn't tested thoroughly. it's fine if you'd rather not, then
damn was hoping for a full rando Sadge
this is way more interesting than a full rando LUL
Well, I DID receive a $5 gift card for for past order....
you're lucky I like you, Phantom
do you rather glitched or glitchless logic?
also, there may be some graphical weirdness, just as a headsup
Bot called it super boots on lantern
Its gonna get weird, the weirdmageddom
Is something wrong with the aspect ratio
alright im ready for this with twizzlers
He did lay off the spaghetti
meant to make it stretch vertical...
im assuming melody will be more obvious
Ya then your going to go back to a regular seed and be thrown off again
I can count the number of cutscenes that weren't changed on both hands
Now I'm wondering how much they can cut from the game
I bet ruins is still there
Shoot i got to pay more attention
"ruins is still there". Not entirely wrong, axl
I had to get very creative with some of the changes
I forgot to pay attention to talking to kooper LUL
are these the settings for the new league KEKW
The only setting for leagues in this aspect ratio
Now I'm wondering about the ice palace duplighosts
blue key doesn't matter famous last words
wonder if we still see stanley get eaten
Mario Throwing A Train Into A Box With No Context
Oh how'd the rest of the BN6 rando go
@Iceblue stuck on bowser for 30min
So when we doing the BN3 rando phantom
Hello I'm here to watch cutscenes
@RavenFP i have some bad news
When are we getting them peepoSitGamer
We just dive in blind, and provide content
Dumbass koopa describes my personal life
he foudn the coolest glitch ever
yesterday in the race cheato had 4 maples LUL
the out of logic ch2 play, let's see
are you playing with all 4 magical seeds?
The tease for tomorrow wont have this seed right?
this is a WIP, though. So there'll be changes to this current state, hopefully with help of the community
ok i dossen know that you get 3 cheks from that
dang, I blinked and missed the buzzar cutscene Kappa
I mean since nobody actually fights buzzar, maybe the game could set it so that they are defeated?
after you do KBF can we see the jr cutscene?
time to change the stream title
game doesnt want you to cheat
shouldve ran this for the weekly earlier LUL
i like that less cutscenes is just basically everyone is extremely rude lol
Kolorado nods at mario, walks away
Kolorado is actualy a competent koopa!
The world in which kolorado is Indiana Jones
what happens if you go to volcano cliff?
It is still a work in progress
But I do like what I've seen
Taste t has upgraded to replicators from star trek
you know what would be kinda cool, is like a "enable useful cutscenes" like oot has for glitch specific cutscene types
He left the surly bonds of earth, to touch the face of God.
Damn you bot, I actually tried to understand you
you have no idea how long it took to code that kobe throw, lol
sorry my twitch was muted have we seen goombario
Now I want to see chapter 7, with the mayor cutscene
Use warehouse key, herringway comes out of his house
6 is very just no muss no fuss about all their stuff
Now you can check the the dude in chapter 2
I cant wait to see beanstalk grow
Need to mod in metal gear solid notice noise
She wanted you to have it
she looks pale as a ghost, almost like she needs some sun
this is what happens when you leave me unsupervised for a few months lol
Awww i wanted to see the bubbles plant scene
although I do recommend a bit more saving, just in case
insert "you didnt see anything" meme
I totally went opposite on that direction
He wants your goofy ass dead lolol
sadly can't stay around, hf on the rest
Night and thank you for all you do
Its dangerous to go alone, take this
What if the snowman's gifts just appeared next to you after that cutscene
Here take this just leave my house!!
That way you can say if you pb it was a shitty run
Uh question because I don't remember, bombette clones still have Bob omb properties?
Thats an interesting gap with aspects ratio
i made a lil thing lol
She is, you need to unlock the secred villa at koopa village
I like the name of that ^
Boombete set the big bang, you  know
Im pretty sure the elder was kooper
was that bridge already sped up?
No the bridge has been speedy already
Oh right I grabbed my phone to cheat in a dungeon because this shit makes no sense nichiyLurk
I'm back what did i miss
Oh cmon the fucking usb drops here? I hate it here
Brother I swear to god that shit haunts me
So far Koopa bros fortress is exactly what I'd expect
Beez nuts across yo face? I dunno
@SwiftPichu_ thats not it its battle network.
is it quicker to let bombette walk up and let go because she drags her feet?
that makes a lotta sense i didn't think about that
Oh right whenever you drop she drags and it's slower
what keeps rando engaging for you? just curious, since a lot of ppl lost interest pretty quickly
I like the puzzle aspect. I have these items so I do these checks
for me its an easy game to play in my circle of friends
I like Isaac and RoR too
nice way of thinking the mix
a speedrun with only RNG lol
co-op also changes the way you play too
im still on my month break from pape
There's also the new tech they keep coming out for the randos
i miss when i could watch the backlogs at work LUL
they expect me to fix things now it's real dumb
OH THATS AN HP BAR!!! Ive always wondered what that off screen!!!
is anyone else bothered by power bounce not eventually dinking against enemies with defense?
Look,  I'll take any win I can get lol
did you talk to harry or just open the door?
He's like here take my stuff and leave!!!
Hmm you say it is no cutscenes Hmm but then you play the record for the boo Hmm this very very strange Hmm
cutscene skip = they all have the item
what is the symbol next to kalmar in the tracker?
Idk I'm all for time saves, but removing the puzzles seems excessive
oh is it a different aspect?
i think if blitz settings were the norm i might not have burnt out so hard
Well I mean I also see the fights as a puzzle too
is forest pass a real item these days?
I need the fights to get better lol
imo it should be enabled all the time lol
Well, I'm just bad at it lol
you may be required to do dark koopas tho, one seed I ran had forest pass in the upgrade block room right after dark koopas
that t rage saved you in that seed
New here. How goes the run?
gyroguy is a sick username LOL
we need a hammer seed when d down jump and power bounce suck
Never had someone compliment it before lol
Am I seeing things or is the game zoomed out slightly?
Oh good, not going crazy then lol
Wow, just abandoning D-Down like trash. Smh... Kappa
If she is, would she be a
Did we need 6? Can't remember
How does that jump even work? Camera shift just lets you cover the extra distance?
Oh that's right. I was flashing back to last seed
Yeah, it's a little weird, but kinda nifty
maybe that's why you couldn't get clippy
I forget did you have enough letters for parakarry?
when you did the bn6 rando did anyone play bingo?
Goombario is just chilling I see
I found something super cursed the other day
HOW DID YOU STUMBLE UPON THIS
@buff00n looking up paper mario stuff on etsy
that weekly was kind of rough
5 stars, all of them lol
at least I didn't die to Baozurr though KEKW
gg on the race earlier to both of ya btw
but I cooked two and then bought 2 repels in ch 8 shop
yeah after I game over'd a second time and lost 40 mins of progress im like "not today satan"
I think I used Rowf's super shroom and one other super shroom with the leafs in the first shop
@buff00n also that shop has a lot of pape characters as plush
I did get to use ultra goombario on Jr though!
I used her for both Bowsers
I just now noticed Kalmar doesn't have a reflection
Got a pair of usb now about fucking time
Now that I'm in fucking chapter 19 KEKW
1/4 of the way there yaaay (fuck me)
you planning on doing all the chapters just to see how the cutscene thing work or nah?
I Liked it when the camera was super tiny in the corner
We can see the Octorock plush in high res. I see no problem with this
"Ah crap, it's you again,  I already know what you want. Let's go."
holy fuck you do have a octorock plush
Wait if there's no Kolorado, can you even do LP skip? I only know of the hammer past him thing
He was there the entire time, waiting to be released from the volcano
you could theoretically do the Laki clips like in return trips right?
At least Kolorado doesn't have to suffer lava burns to his butt this time
since you saved before, could just reset and see - oh wait, nvm, the star asks you to save...
Well I mean there hasn't been any crashes so maybe its close to a release
Idk how much they can change, maybe just straight to the fights?
It would have been interesting to start with peach beam
This healing and 3 cap Sadge
That was all kinds of messed up lol
that might have been some of the most incredible rng i've ever seen
that was like when i play this game
Ayo wait a second the credits are a cutscene!
i was expecting him to heal in that last bit there
he skipped the heal there at the end and did lightning lmfao
He healed 3 times. That's the max
Buff pls, stop giving away my strats
i thought i only saw two heals
He healed once after the over-damage, then once more after the life shroom. Then one last time 3 or 4 turns later if I remember correctly
holy shit i have 400k points
sub to phantom or you're banned
@Iceblue thanks for doing my bit, mate
when my new cap card comes in tomorrow i gotchu
got an internal one for black friday, so shipping is taking a bit even with prime lol
"I don't know"? Alright, sounds good Kappa
I just had to reset my chat bc mine broke
I didn't but I'll look at it now to be included
After you k'o your opponent the music is so sweet
Is this really a 7 hour run O.o
he's going where his heart leads him
How many friends do you have at the end?
i didn't think you were gonna catch him lol
They took the bullet for you
They should let pikachu say fuck so he has a response to pokemon doing this
Not sure if it's my net quality but your blurry
I spent far too much time playing that game lmao
I mainly wanted to collect all the trading cards for the binder haha
I genuinely didn't know that game even got ran
Sure, right after we race BN3 chaos blindfolded
Corphish and bottles noted for later
He didn't feed his cat and kidnapped it
And one level kicked my ass
Fuck you mean "Still not done"
Phantom spedran multiple games as you've started
Never knew Tediursa was chill like that
just getting bodied by being in the way lmfao
how far away can he be
watch out! theres an octorok behind you!
OK ngl this exp farming is low key fun, pure endorphins seeing number go big
KEKW also gl tackling Pokmon for friends
Some wd 40 should take it out
To be fair mf is a rock with eyes
i just realized you doing all friends
Ah shit didn't realize you're stuck in the final chapter
Yeah figured there'd be a portal or something, oh well, time to bully
Are you for real my brother, I just got the last tactician usb here
OK this was actually literally a joke KEKW
Yeah once you get knights, it's ggs
So far I've read it's the other way around for HM, beginning is hard and endgame is sorta easier?
Definitely is a jrpg in all terms though, so that's cool
Yeah this game made me remember of dq 9
I just threw my wonder run at the end of world 3 in a new and unique way, so I feel it
Does this game take a lot of motion controls?
It's no Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2
I heard they rolled back their "no turbo" or something in SMRPG?
need flying pikachu with the balloons
Thunder his ass outta the sky
What marathon are you derusting for?
I have arrived and have never seen this game before. Confusion initiated
I see a Furret. Instead 10/10 game
That is a VERY poor choice of words lol
Headbutt someone, "You're cool, and now we're friends!"
So it's kinda like unlocking the super OP stuff in endgame and using it to trivialize early-game content
Only this is just making things somewhat easier
got here just in time to see the next weed crystal
3D movement on a D-Pad is hard
I've never played a RE game and I'm glad after hearing that lol
I have the experience of actually playing this game
it certainly is a video game
"Hey, I'm talking to you! Come over here and talk to me!"
+1 for the water jets coming out of the cannons
Porygon-Z is only friends with nerds apparently
I like how most of these fights seem to be "Run forward, run left or right, repeat"
....What rating does this game have???
I mean, Arcanine should have been faster too in terms of stats AND lore
Kinda reminded me of the shooting minigames in Banjo Tooie
There's a ton of crap to run into
i just want to say fuck pc
project 64 think my d pad and control  stick is the same input now for no reason
it not when it keep taking off my bunny hood
Man they did Rayquaza dirty. Shrank him down like 3 or 4 body segments
also my c stick doesn't work on project 64 now only right and left works and idk why
Oh is this one of the bad platforming games?
No need to upgrade if you don't get hit
The camera seems to be this game's big bad
This looks pretty decent for a Wii game btw
I completely forgot the wii capped at 480
Sadly, I do gotta head out. Got some stuff to do
Good luck with the rest of the game
he was not there no way
yo phantom GL on the all friends kidroc1Bless
you are at the jerk it part of the run Pog
i didnt realize that RRLAT went for every day of december
i mean they accepted DQ8 only hero LUL
Could be worse, could be low level
Everyone saying hoooype following them falling asleep because it's a repeat until good scenario
nyansBinoculars you keep doing that big guy,
This is why motion controls and a camera is always a bad combo
aint no way you won that race
On the other hand, ggs arcanine blocked an attack from you
OK question, is the dlc missions good to clear now or should I return after HM?
13 knights and 7 demon lords as superboss
In fucking story mode, but for real they're hard if you're not prepared
Jokes aside this looks like a chill run
If anyone asks it's segmented practice
I wish Zelda ILs weren't as cursed as they are
Same on 64, glitchless and glitched
But again, it's all a sweep
For 64 it's less about that and more about hope who had first was so burned out they don't return KEKW
And it's a huge ball at that
If he got wr he sure has experience with that motion then
But for real without the camera showing the wiimote it does looks like you're getting it off for hours KEKW
As much of a boomer as it may sound, I miss megas
They were shit, but I liked the designs
Now we have the fucking san Fran bridge as a Pokmon
That and saying now is almost the same KEKW
I'm enjoying my free time because whooo boy I'm gonna have work with that game
Supposedly biggest ever expansion to date
What u need all the berries for?
I hate that I have a shiny latias or latios that I named 737 KEKW
Do you have to do all these with every friend?
Wow that's a lot of repetition
Feels longer but your right it's quite quick
Do they always hide In same spot or is there a few choices?
He covers his face I love it 
Looked like one to the right of gyrados
How to be friends with Corphish. Give them a concussion. LUL
Magikarps location after you zapped it out of the water 
I bought some gummy bears with tajin, yeah I loved that shit
It's honestly very weird from me because I don't like sweets, I like salad usually
And by salad I mean salty
Why are the eevees such pricks in this game
They only like me for my friendgroup
I wanted those kazongas though Sadge
I'm the best at snowslide actually
Raid pokepark with a pinned message of "I want those kazongas"
I got perfect fortress manips and then didn't talk to tingle and died at lake door
also got octo clip and failed the manip
then softlocked on the ladder at the moblin fight
(and secretly 1:29 but that is more hopeful)
Im honestly glad this game doesnt use the sensor bar that much
I like how you just knew immediately
and then the power goes out
I mean the transition is pretty good
isnt the first part tilt control too
funny thing is, I have this game. I forgot all about this.
Err is it what I think it is?
The left-right movement is better so you don't have to constantly jump?
....I think the targets come in the same order every time
so this is what caused the wooly mammoth extinction
the internet gets it right once again
you dont wanna play as deoxys? ): smh
HEATED BATTLE- FACE OFF- AND SPIN THE METALLL
I forgot the rest of the theme
I like how you just landed on heatran
I just got back again. Is this Pokeblade?
some pokemon spin and some have mechanical tops, i feel like thats unfair to the pokemon that use their own abilities
yeah but also Torterra and Venusaur are dead so
the grass types complained about not having representation in this minigame, so they put in venusaur and torterra. they did not know the fate that was waiting for them when they complained
aww magnemite sounds cute in this
Oh my god it's the same fucking intro that takes forever swiftp11Fine
Ayo why's he playing Mario baseball
hes really unloading his rocks into you 
from the options, oddly enough, kanto farfetch'd is the only one to be unable to learn rock smash by any means
galar farfetch'd can, but it IS a fighting type and not in this game lmao
oh when you said Kanto farfetchd I thought you meant Gen 1
@pkmn03 makes sense tho. its weird having to differentiate different forms of the same pokemon.
you mean you dont want to grind it? smh
That's the Target Score, which I think is what you want
Do you have to do Metagross too?
This one seems quick, which is good
None of the requirements are over 100m according to Serebii. Unfortunately I can't translate that to freedom units LUL
Now to do that 9001 more times
wait, you're been jerking the Wii-mote this entire time I was on the clock
You can't just assume Magikarp's gender like that
based pokepark wii chads who up
This shit happens to me in galaxy kaizo a lot
Wii remote not giving me a shake in crucial moments
Well it does live in a forest
I see why you made that mistake though
Wait you don't have to win the race?
This seems like hell on your arm
Would be nicer if the game didn't ask you twice to change pokemon
looks similar from straight on heh
mirror mode is so silly, for me its a one and done. Never wanna touch it again LUL
yoooo is this a pokemon rail shooter? quizmoPog
i think ive played the sequal to this, it was fun, tho it seems like a fever dream at this point LUL
Ironic that SMRPG is the "letting your hands take a break" game LUL
Loving the double games and double streams lately. HardCore5800
Settled and safely back in my home.
pokepark looks different than I remember
i think title and game are wrong
thats why I made that joke
Twitch be a good website challenge
would twitch ever do anything wrong
bezos is just such a standup guy
dont you love sticking to yellow platforms for like 30 years
IDK what you normally do but when I stream (lol) I use SLOBS and it prompts me to change those before going live
OK, HM story wise is very bad KEKW
Yeah it's just not the same when the main isn't on the verge of dying
It's enjoyable for sure, it's just kinda meh on that regard comparing
Yeah the side characters kinda open your eyes to cs more
More than that I think cutscene remover should be a tool for it by now
It's all it needs to be like 3-4 hours long
fuckin LOVE when some overpaid asshole who's never worked at day at my department decides how I'm supposed to be working more efficiently
MVD laughed at me when I told him I thought the ringing alarm was the sound coins being taken from you whenever sleep at an inn on SNES
But y'all see where I'm coming for, right?
they making an oasis, or something
ran out of ideas, or stopped caring?
Oh I know, it's a terrible emote
I've slept in a basement while someone was remodeling the floor above
I can sleep through that, but not my bastard cat meowing
something about "NYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEEEOW" in the middle of the night is impossible to sleep through
2 seconds poggy woggy I'm hyping my pants up right now
that, runs were being frustrating, so FZero 99
then did some f-zero to finish the stream with
they should learn their le--oh wait, these are different universes
so do you save the rock candy for the shoguns?
yea i don't really know what the breezy route looks like tbh haha
Mario does the do the mario dance :3
I can only imagine what most of the stuff is gonna be in here
Yo gl on the run Phantom!
heyo, hope this is going well. is there a good resource to know when the timed hits are for each move?
bless up Pidge. I'll join it. thanks!
i found the website for the action commands. it fucking rules
I'm glad I got to tell twitch to moan
When would Valentina ever give you trouble
Press F for Valentina getting bodied by Mario
nothing better than the power rangers
beestSNiffa beestLost beestSNiffa_HF these are better
i misheard you and thought you said spearbitch
Oof, forgot to check in here and missed the whole run lol. My bad
Although spearbich isn't too far off tbh
gg,even though I didn't see the run lol
I leave for 2 minutes and come back to Wii Shop music? Hell yeah
What's that symbol next to the Switch clock?
Only got 2 classes left and Im donw for the semester
At the very least it's done correctly
I mean I hate it and I hope it dies
Good luck doing clips like this I guess
one non-obvious change to Rowf during Speedrun mode: His inventory is now sorted, so when you visit him he doesn't show 3 random items and you can cycle through the other items. Instead you always see the items that were newly added to his inventory first, and can cycle through to older items.
how pape looks in my dreams
Yeah muscle memory would fuck you over big time
how pape looks in my nightmares
What I will say is it still feels trippy regardless
So is this just a normal seed but with mirror mode on?
5 for Super Boots and then 10 and 15 for Red Key and Star Crystal
Sushie upgrade I think it was
Oh god will the battle screen be reversed too?
Jesus almost 900 hours of runs and rando
And thankfully the battle screen is *not* flipped...
so why isnt the fighting mirrored too?
I'm gonna say it does feel slightly weird seeing you play Pape again after so much variety KEKW
Wait, upgrades are now just items?
I've definitely been out for a bit then
It looks like the yoshis get scared of mario and run away back home
friend, can i ask your pronouns?
Why would you not wanna play pokepark and kill your hand?
Too long and kills your arm
Jack off simulator really does take a toll
Dont you love Dusknoir's speed slam
I remember what most streamers do not
Interesting that the signs have a hitbox though
I did know about this trick
Rust T.s like, "DONT ROB ME PLEASEEEEE"
If I had popcorn I'd be eating it right now
Because this movement is gonna be diffy
a coworker just try to solicit me into buying bitcoin
Why dont you want whacka's weed
He can smoke it himself that's fine
Whacka's Weed is crap. Not worth the coins at all
No cs makes this so fucking weird KEKW
Now Im just waiting for a chapter 8 skip
It's just weird after so many years seeing it
No reason *not* to do Buzzar ski- aww
Good luck doing the Desert in reverse
As someone who played mirror oot and mm, yes, very KEKW
I looked away to join the Discord
@gyroguy123 Happens every now and then
Seeing that bean made me hungry, and I have no idea why
should be back in a second probably
i was gone for  a while is the whole rando mirror or just this part?
That Badge Block is NOT normal
the town is left side now and the mt is right side
Why'd you throw away the blue berry?
You only grabbed 2 from the bush
Unless you got a 3rd one
Oh Fuzzy game is gonna be awkward
If 1-4 was left to right then this time 1-4 is right to left
Never thought I'd see goombas doing that much damage
Bro is speaking in enchantment table
Why did bot sound like it was making a threat? XD
Other than mirror world, any other new settings?
Crystal Palace is gonna be a nightmare
When all your glitches are reversed.
Didn't even consider it being viable here lol
Mirror world has gotta be pretty bad on muscle memory with some glitches.
how is mirror mode? I had it open on the side
I failed to snag raikou over and over LUL
live splits says 54 minutes but twitch says 15 minutes?
you remember me telling you mine was down all day thursday? well today it went down for another 2 hours phanto274Cry
I think the audio is slightly desynced. Not sure if that's just my end though
watching the beginnning of your vod at double speed to catch up LUL
Sounds like someone got Feeling Fine while I wasn't looking
Also you forgot the hammer tree in Snowman room Kappa
And Jade Raven behind far tree
Mirror race would mess everyone up. XD
If it was mirrored, we wouldn't be able to read any of the text
This is throwing me off so bad
Chat just waiting for you to make one wrong move. XD
Just realized I had those lol
There was a visual one. Didn't hear anything
One thing I've noticed about the first boo minigame is that the boo always stops after making 2 full rotations over the boo he gave the item to
I fail to see the problem
Dammit now I want ice cream
First popcorn and now ice cream
Theres gonna be a shooting star at the end of the pit
Screw it I'm gonna go make popcorn. Back in like 5 minutes or so. Try not to break the game pieSmug
pretty much have the perfect partner set rn
Hes just tryin to live his best life
Wait was the fortess in chapter 1
my desert routing was so slow but I didnt use any maps LUL
oh, you did end up doing bosses for the tracker?
I just noticed, it looks nice
I got a little distracted because obvious reasons
Could you mix in some 4loko with it
I found it hard just to mark my tracker with no cutscenes
Alright I'm back. Did you break the game?
Damn 1st seed after an hour 20
Never understood why the whale has anime blush
I dont think whales blush like that
Never thought I'd see the day
Right...... I thought it was poke Park silly me
Also when I got the ice cream the people working there gave me a 2nd one for free bc I get ice cream a lot
Can you say hi to whoever that is for me?
I hoped you would hit the wrong one by accident lol
That is so much better in no cutscenes
Stumped you there for a sec
Pyro Guy: "Do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior, General Guy?"
Other Pyro Guy: "Please, just one moment!"
I would enjoy watching it where partners abilities were all switched up with each other 
Can you imagine floating across spikes on goombario 
Never before seen features! I shall look very respectfully PogChamp
didnt the last one just have 8 seeds across 3 different settings?
does her cooking cutscene get skipped too?
yeah, If I find a 5HP cleft I know its high scaled and a thunder rage is just free exp
It just wants to be in your pocket
Wait a second, are the cards *backwards*???
Or did you already give that?
Whoa! Is my mind playing tricks on me?
Oh okay. I thought I was going crazy.
So is Kent just watching this all happen?
every time i see this mirrored setting, it remains incredibly cursed
Wait are the controls mirrored too?
What a cutscene am i right
Buff00n is trying to justify lucinas pussy window to me
I will not be swayed howeveer
Lots of chances to at the very least
oops, i just wanted to check the channel doc
gonna be lurking for a while playing with friends
This person actually speedruns Paper Mario... WITHOUT GLITCHES!?
wait hundo what is included friend because some people do different hundos
like does this include all recipes and all badges
ahh because ive seen some people do hundos before but they dont do all recipes
how would that be 100% thought lilaggThink
i dont know i tried asking them and they didnt answer my question kagi
It was definitely a pro tip that everyone needed to hear
Me and TTS don't get along
Friendship ended with TTS, now best friends with Voice to Text
Back to the long prologue 
Then maybe a pit run instead? phanto274Bless
If only could incorporate cut scene skips in this phanto274Cry
At least you have the best partner now
on the async i'm in i had to backtrack through the undernet in BN3 via the warp in scilab to do checks in Beach cause i don't have the CBeachPass yet
does the game still have a tattle entry for it even though it's inaccessible?
thats some wild logic there lmao
woahhh peach mini gamesss- i haven't seen these in a while xDDD
it's so they have an endless supply of pocket sand
lol, but are they "abyss" pocket sand though
A giant litter box for neighbourhood cats
turning their entire backyard into a zen garden?
omg D: that's true, I hope you don't have really strong gusts of winds or anything. Imagine having a sand storm xD
Hey phantom, Won't be here too long but gl on the runs
We've got a cyclone heading towards east coast here
We get extreme heat/monsoon/cyclones fun times
i got a huge pb in SPM Any%
jumping around a wall in my glitchless run? jcogBan
To be fair that game has some wanky shit
It's fiiiine, just don't piss off the community
tbf, story triggers in this game don't force you to do anything a casual would reasonably skip, so it's pretty uncontroversial
it caused a leaderboard wipe back before my time when they started enforcing that lol
the main thing that'd be sus if they used story triggers in TTYD to me would be reading the note in ch7
the vibe check is true, but also somehow I'm okay with slingshot being skipped in OoT?
yeah that LA bomb jump feels wrong to me especially with the bomb needing to be what looks like OOB
which feels similar to shadow siren skip somehow
If anyone tries glitchless in smrpg, best of luck
yeah that link's awakening trick does not pass the vibe check at all lol
I can't wait to try it out
I got a 1:49 and died to Bowser twice KEKW
it always get me when I switch between the two (and that's without 100%)
oh wait I get to learn this now lol
so wait does that mean we have to fight buzzar
Different order as in not losing time? Or like wha
Thank God all I ever ran was Zelda and sonic and none route that kinda shit ngl KEKW
This time lost is nothing for a 7 hour ish run KEKW
Yeah but quizmo is another set of bs
I don't know if I have a rumblepak somewhere but I could try with gamecube/raphnet
I was gonna say, I think even glhundo is carpetless already
At least it doesn't look like you're jacking off
gonna head out, GL on the rest of the run
hey yo 100% run lets go
I keep forgetting ultra hammer is just that good
Ive always been curious about what the level cap is
like if you were to fight every single enemy
I did that in TTYD while trying to get everything, I only had to fight like 2-3 Amazyee Dayzee encounters
Ok I figured I pretty much hit the ceiling when I got lvl 26 I think
Id have to dust the old cartridge out to check 
the sfx when Mario touches a spike in this game lives rent free in my head
made of paper still sounds like a tire losing air LUL
I remember when as a kid I was intimidated on this bozo
came for the pape stayed for the rando Kreygasm
Came for the whining stated for the jack off sesh
Yooo Phantom! Just in time for a new seed phanto274BLANKIES
OK now that I'm dined up and everything, how's this? jiliaSip
So pretty much as almost all rando starts
wuz poppin' Harry, how ya doin'
Did the shy guys get you?
Madge when the next pit run
Or you can just make it a redeemable thing 
Oh yeah meant to ask, what's bad about chapter 4?
im curious if random found any good movement for that room or if you can just die
There's apparently a lure you can do but it sucks
It's almost as if you're consistent
I take it hundo was bad and unfair?
I was peekin at Ch 3, I saw shenanigans in the forest 
i'm probably just gonna make a copy of random's route and maintain that lol
could be worse than ok i guess
2 cards before the hour mark, game is fast
I am currently trying to beat pantheon of the knight in Hollow Knight
I need to play Hollow Knight
my best friend keeps trying to booli me into it and I have it, just not the time
Cool, I just recently played that game myself and also greatly enjoyed it phanto274Smile
Hollow Knight is alot of fun if you enjoy metroid vanias
Been playing while lurking a lot of the past few streams lol
HK was actually my first real Metroidvania
I have yet to play a Castlevania either. There's so many good games I have to finish
today I learned that good smile made a Hollow Knight figure, why was this kept from me
But I recently got back against my bestie by getting them Celeste which is also precise
I beat Celeste but I didn't complete it
which is wild that they haven't played cause they love platformers
need to try Celeste out myself @FatPidgeyBirb
I'm gonna head into the B sides next year
TBH almost none of the main story in Hollow Knight is terribly difficult in terms of platforming or combat
I recommend it, just rest your hands and take your time with it tbh
nvm trying for all hears w/o a guide
Most of the hard stuff was DLC
Oh shit dlc trailer tomorrow for sv jcogEyes
I got two hearts so far, I got spoiled to one location and I looked up the other after trying to learn neutral wall jump
that exchange w/o dialogue feels like dude gave you that in hopes of you leaving his house
I know where a third is
Hey it's still shitty but hey I wanna have a spoiler of what there'll be
Yeah I'm interested what's in the dlc before I commit to trading art for it tbh
If there's nothing like Dynamax adventures in there I'm disinterested
Yeah it's like a standard by now
:v Isle of Armor at least had some small benefits
It was better but story was shorter
considering what I've seen you say about SV, that's you being nice
Crown Tundra, you mean Dynamax Adventures Simulator
All isle of armor had besides urshifu is the massive ass wailord welcoming you
I do wonder if it's max size actually
It also had the vitamin generator and way to get more balls which sucked and was like a 1 in 1000 chance of getting an apriball
I'll get back to it when I remember, so never
I got more off of surprise trade than anything lmfao
at least you can just buy apriballs in Porto Marinada but they're still like 1mil
I think it's fun to try and absolutely abuse it and see how fast we can thrash a boss
we took down one of the recent bosses with a Venonat on the team, it was very funny
i stopped doing the 7 stars once it was no longer mons i had no access to lol
oh a hisuian typhlosion raid? i have one this isn't needed for me
it's nice to have them in funky balls for breeding but it's just kinda collector's perk at this point
yeah that's also why it was a bit annoying to not have the candies to level and shit
only one I haven't gotten is Pikachu and that's cause I don't give a shit
cough it back up, Phantom needs it
I swear this is the best yet shortest song in the game, for obvious reasons
Oh yeah, does chapter scaling kinda imply an order by technicality or just to make it harder?
lets try to keep this partner out for as long as possible
surely nothing bad will happen after 2 minutes pass
if you don't mind my asking, what exactly do you finding offputting about HK combat?
not that you need to like it or anything just curious
you are what we call evil.
as someone who spams charge slashes, it's a shame that quick nail badge is optimal
didn't even take the chance to hammer kooper
I see pogo is a stratgy more than a nessesaity of combat but I can still understand, some enemies basically require you to use it..
raises hand. Is pogo a skill in the game or a mechanic
I don't think that's ever required though?
ya the platforming can be frustrating in multiple ways
Definitely some skips with pogo but I think everything is accessible another way eventually
I believe @MarioManTAW is right is not required
would y'all describe Celeste as "Kaizo"? I feel like it's similar
Once you get to C-sides? Yea sure
how do you feel about Suika game?
It certainly helps that Maddy's also made Kaizo hacks so
is that the fruit tetris game?
lol have you played 2042? basically that
(Math Woman but it's Phantom instead)
oh well you combine fruits to make bigger fruits
Cheer100 thanks for all the relaxing streams
we appreciate y'all tuning in, be it stream or
"we", as if I do anything around here, lol
I remember when you reached 200 hours for this randomizer
oh nice back just in time
are the even shorter cutscense on the website yet
oh gotcha gotcha. I was gonna say I didn't think that these were out out yet
and they call him sandy claws!!
dizzy dial works on me too
Axl did a 4 seed YEET the other day and it was satisfying to watch
i live in the dessert so no lol
sometimes I get a whiff and be like "we have 20 minutes to get to the car"
seattle's default scent was rain, so I understand
that "HELLA" might be from one of my messages
damn i just missed gourmet guy
no im sorry what was it
i say it should be fine
even though I cant do them yet I dont see why not
if pit makes or breaks the run, then that's something we accept anyways lol
until told otherwise, that's the rewaed
Merlon insdie is going to throw me off big time
i was trying to remember if you did that or not
if only Rowf, zero cards, could be kept
I never like the last set having something pertinent towards the entire seed's progression
should be gated after 2 at max, cuz in non-blitz seeds we arent gated after 6 chapters completion with him
it'll probably help ya feel better then
re-rolling a seed and change of settings
Not in blitz settings I feel he's no good
Coulda done a pit run Madge
Dog? Is that what he's supposed to be???
seed is off to a super start tho
Shy guy gunna snipe you again 
having both no 3 and 7 is really nice for blitz
nice, a "not as bad" partner
id be down for racing one after the acutal race
at least with icebounds changes we dont need to cycle him anymore. newest items always come first
I think all is fine for 7 chapters be for 4 chpatersI agree with 2
I did another attempt of MP4. The 5th board gated me so hard. 1st chance time took 180 from me, and 2nd chance time took my 2 stars. axlsrRip
telling you mario is biased in favor in his own mp games
You had so much in 12 mins already phanto274Cry
reminds me of the pape race when M4 died in pink station, started over and still won
Caught back up now pretty much just the beach for watt again and cake mix near whale and boots on beach too
I think.... don't know where fortress keys were
eyes are heavy, doing a sleep/lurk GL
In the weekly race you and I and nsingman did, i died at one of the last 7-scaled ch.5 fights and lost everything
I think it was the ambush fight
and I did not know I ran out of life shrooms, which is bad on my part
I missed pretty much the entire last one. What was time?
You're just in Jr Hell now
Merle being at the top to hand you the item is SO nice
Merle be like come inside. you got the money? here. now leave
the irony. the mayor with a life shroom that didnt quite work
now if fortress could have the last fortress key that would be epic
That was a really noice fight
do you think that with partner shuffle upgrade on we are closer to star powers shuffled
going through old Switch clips to make space for more clips
... the amount of nonsense I've gotten away w/ in Mario Kart 8
maybe have star powers be shuffled like partner upgrade, where its only star powers in oreer
nah i did cannon jumps streaks lmfao
did you leave on ice power
oh no bombette is sick, we gotta go back to toad town and get her some soup
OH NO WATT IS SICK TOO
or possibly has a mt dew sponsorship
send him to time out to think about his choices
yellow peach, not quite ripe yet
i wish bowser had palette swaps
rando where each individual instance of color is randomized
like every section separated by a line or color change
and yet u got it anyway
Whoa, I must have missed a really good seed.
Ready for SM:RPG to be GotY?
Last of Us got awards going for it lol
Last time I think it was 5:30 or 6:30 for the main event
Can't wait to see the silksong believers get their hopes absolutely crushed. 
Get splash to do it for free lololol
I'll edit it for you for free and send you the finished product in 2999
Mario can turn into people/things better than Pikachu could dream of
Have you seen us routing out wigglers in normal?
I routed out 2 more frog coins :D
do you know what's gonna happen within an hour id say
it was this cold the other dah
i was gonna get it but decided not to
i am100% getting ttyd as soon as it comes out
ive never played it and im so excited
ive played 64, sticker star, spm
im not sure if ive playrd the others i nevrr had wii u and didnt have origami king
i definitely want to play ttyd asap
spm has the best lore so far
idk what that is but yeah
What would happen if I got the VIP channel point reward again
wondered why it sounded so familiar
sleep time tho good night y'all
this game taught me that if you kill someone you are free to take their possesions
whats so special about this cat?
also yes I understand the irony that I was making fun of turbo the other day
cant you get a charm in the late game in the remake
oh I thought there was an item with identical stats you could get in postgame in the remake
but it was just some article so who knows
I just think its funny that basically the only way to get caught here is if you let him
because even the jukes take like 5 million years and give you more than enough time
might be off and on but thought Id come in and say hi colequSpin
gonna be lurking for a while gameawards
am i on time for the vgas?
Cheer15 Now imagine if I wasn't a slow typer and got this close call to be timed right when you jump over Dodo's beak the last time.
Well you always learn that's the fun of it :D
After 2nd breaker, swap peach to Malows body, then have bowser revive
Mallow is just smiling at us :)
You get all the coins in ship?
how many fire bombs do you buy?
There's a 100 coin chest in pipe vault
How many coins do you hit seaside with
how do you have so little
We get to seaside with 1750 after selling
You can't buy anything after yarid
You get the 2 in bowsers
And dying to axem rangers is slower
Well you don't want to end on your slowest
Do you grab the 2nd red ess?
I grab it in my run for backup for smithy anyway
When did we wanna do that MMBN3 rando
Like I don't even need to stream it
Like I said we don't even need to stream it
If we wanna do it to get used to it
That's actually a feature in Earthbound LOL
1 starpoint away from funny number
it's impossible to hate whacca, he's too useful
bro didn't even want to do the dialogue lmao
all you had to do was follow the damn train cj-
Bombette has the best color swaps imo
also, I need a sushi colored Sushie
have her body be nori green and her lips salmon or the color of raw tuna
How Watt doesn't electrocute everything baffles me
I got access to the cutscene less stuff
I love how he just zooms away
yep already like this way more
so you cant do pulse stone skip?
can blitz logic have you not get all useful patterns?
Holy fuck seeing family drains me so fucking hard, also gl
I'd say less than 2 hours is an average seed at this point
which was the goal for me in getting blitz settings
hot damn those are all so fast
Damn over 900 hours of randos?
oh boy guess what won goty
i will play it 1 day
i wanted re4 remake to win Sadge
youre right, Pikmin 4 deserved to win
TotK was good, but not award winning good
honestly the best reveal was a brand new mana game
i am happy star rail won mobile game of the year
It does get better beyond the first like 8 hours KEKW
also they shadowdropped the first FF16 DLC tonight and revealed that and the second one coming next year
Hopefully you like the GBC Zelda games
Seasons/Ages hits different for me and always will
Zelda at least took that award
Alan Wake 2 Marvel's Spider-Man 2 Resident Evil 4 Star Wars Jedi: Survivor was the other Action/Adventure Gam
I always forget to redeem this shit
Holy smokes all I gotta say. Hungergames prequel really worked for me. My fave character unfortunately died.
Doing good, happy I made it to see some of the seed lol
Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend!
But what if it is, just this once?
Clearly Vaati hates you too lol
it will be back in a sec, fuck cox
Damn, if only more randos had something like this
i just did terrorize on the clowns and missed on both, do i stop playing this game already
Cox might still be being dumb. Stream keeps randomly buffering on my end. Dunno if that's my internet though
we'll wait a bit and see if it stabilizes
it looks fine at my end
Yeah stream is a good 15 seconds behind chat
If only Crystal wasn't so long. Could try again in an hour if it wasn't
That's fucked up... You're sure it's Cox and not Twitch?
I'll try restarting my computer, shouldn't matter but we'll see
stream canceled because Cox is a shitty ISP that doesn't function half the damn time
I hate it when this happens to me too, it usually happens during the winter with my provider.
Hopefully things clear up for you soon.
it's literally just cox with twitch, they work for everything else, but as soon as you try and upload data they shit the bed
Pyrite Town is always a bop
The "vanilla" flavor of Pop Tarts
Honestly they have never aged badly
The ones I like are Fudge Sundae but they're only good when toasted
I had work at 8 so I woke up at 6 in the morning
But money is money for Nendoroids phanto274Smile
Eh, you'd need Kooper before you could use the Red Key anyway
Oh wow that's a lot of ch7
9 minutes in and you already have super hammer and super boots, that's pretty impressive
Oh did they implement the shortened cutscenes?
let the waves wash him away
the duality of man present in your chat
Do you have a discord server ?
Race rules should have Baby Yoshi skip implemented
I dont think that should be cut
I was just thinking about that
Coincidentally would make Jade Raven check much later logically on average
I think you did want to see that Toad with the Wii Remote
I could have sworn you did buy a cake?
Unless you were broke or ate it already
Just went back and checked, your inventory was full
At least you have all partners and super gear
Last night I played a seed where I couldn't mash to save my life
I am here! How's the internet holding up?
And lol, that's one way to keep watch
So the items on the tracker that have the canceled icon just mean they're not required, right? Or are they just not in the seed at all?
So even though chapters 2, 3, and 6 aren't required in the slightest, chapter 7 can still be scaled to one of them?
Just coincidence that the required chapters are scaled in reverse order then lol
yooooo finally caught a stream lets go
Well I mean at least getting levels will be easy
S C H M O O V E M E N T
Too bad the cutscene skip can't skip the other 2 jumps
Like how it can skip Minh T. going to each soil spot
Good luck on the race!! <3
Oh that's riiight.... And leaving the screen resets it
That means Ultra Boots aren't required to get the item. Can mess with logic
I'm learning so much stuff about the game by watching these lol
I wonder how a life shroom tastes?
like really low quality strawberry milk but somehow the texture doesnt ruin it
it has to taste kind of bad why else would mario literally only be caught dead eating them
Neat, is that any level of mega shock, or does it have to be successful?
That's a lot of wasted Star Points if you Spook though
yeah 7 scale 1 seems like an ideal xp farm
"It's complicated" sounds like an apt description of the seed so far lol
I will never get used to the lack of cutscenes lol
I've never seen a full 100 star points in one battle before
Wait I thought you couldn't get more that 99 star points in one battle?
no you can get 100 in vanilla
Weird I thought 99 was the cap to keep you from leveling twice
Yeah, 99 + 100 brings you back to 99
This seed is very good about giving you what you ask for
Will you be sad if it's on Anti?
Well the odds are in favor of being here
Why are their 2 ruins stones here? xD
Here have Ultra Hammer and then nothing to use it on!
Could you imagine if Jr attacked you upon just entering this room?
Pretty soon their will be fast bowser seeds. Get enough power to fight bowser, no star spirits
Silly Phantom. Just mash C down on the fire bars to get to peril. It's faster!
There's a glitch that lets you continuously get burned on them. Thought C-down did it
Oh right, no C Button on GC
Cause then it's awkward Hallway, yeah?
You're what, 7 or 8 minutes behind?
Probably only like 2-3 minutes I think for Super Bloop
he probably got blooper chest before ch1
You also needlessly backtracked for Cake
that and save the yoshi that all i can think of
good evening phantom, one quick question. how do you manage to make specific item no required with a forbidden icon on it ?
Adam is on Hallway, other 3 are just entering 8
Zootr is a big use-case for it
My PB for blitz setting is 2h52m so far not too bad, this tracker update will be a great help later on.
unfortunatly i use retroarch for Paper mario rando.
oooh nice, lol all the tracking!
These settings are terrible but I wanted to see how it would go
Imma take a bathroom break then
I could've turned off shortened cutscenes but I didn't
oh this is gonna be good peepoComfy
Anyway, yeah, mostsanity w/o Speedy YEP
ok c'mon marioman that just evil
Hey, I made sure to double-check with Phantom that it was okay
lmao mario starting off as a tank
I know you've said "defense slow" so behold, all-defense build
how to replace goombario in under 5 minutes
for todays race i thought it was 1 3 4 7...
for at least half an hour lol
man fuck that sentient rando seed. It hid everything until my last checks
yo ultra hammer this early lol
the fx spam here is great
Even your hammer is laughing at you
Just letting you know, you will need to recollect Lunar Stone at some point, you don't still have it
And btw, logic is glitchless but feel free to break the game however much you want
quick question for you phantom, when do you level up Mario when you do blitz settings Seeds ?
Can you rub against the pipe for extra height?
for me when there is a chapter with lvl 7 difficulty this is where i lvl up mario if i have the damage, is this a good to play blitz settings ?
Could you not get on the shortcut pipes with Parakarry?
Pretty sure that setting is banned
The only officially banned setting I have on is traps on low which you cleared for this type of seed previously
Could try fighting Chan. Goombario can flip
Though there are some others that might should be banned
I made the mistake of not giving Slow Go, my b
if have super hammer early, would you recommend to go to chapter 2 to get 2 partner upgrades ? 1 in the oasis and Mt. rugged station.
but chapter 2 is not required ?
all try that on my next blitz seed.
Be thankful I kept it on shorten :)
is 25 hp the usally hp we need for final bowser on the blitz settings ?
I usually do 15 HP for Jr/Hallway and 20HP for Final
so far 25 hp works for me.
so far i do not get last stand, power rush or mega rush very often.
I'm awake now what did I miss?
p-up and d-down is a badge i get very often bowser does 10 dmg on me with fire.
Danger mario isn't ideal for blitz settings, just because your not guaranteed to get the pieces
i agree with danger mario not being ideal. i did not try that yet but its best i dont.
Friendly reminder that your hammer is much stronger than jump rn
so far my last fights with final bowser when we get peach beam. i have been using refresh a lot to keep my hp low if i am lucky, its working so far i need to be at 25 hp to work.
if i do not have damage dodge with p-up d-down.
Triple dip thunder bolt is a wild one
goodness me, triple is a tier S badge.
even just using it to repel and do some damage or heal FP is nice
Triple dip is a Tier S badge.
I mean I know a guy who did a paper mario randomizer badge tier list
When you check parakarry do you have to have 3 letters in your inventory or just have collected 3?
I dont think you want to know
someone leaked classified military documents on the war thunder forums again
this will never not be funny
Aren't there 2 blocks in that room?
A scarf in a desert perfect
I mean you have all the cheating partners except /the/ cheating partner
That's a lot of convenient consumables
He picked it up for you since you keep picking up the letters he dropped
I mostly want to see how bad the final time is
2 of which were in Mt. Rugged
You said Pokeys were 6? 6HP Pokey is ch4
Are the settings pretty heavy for this one?
my internet's been consistent for the first time in several days today
come on blue key seed!! I havent seen one in forever!
Cox just isn't a stable company
for me it's been stable for 4 years then they did a late night maintenance and broke something cause ever since that maintenance it was shit
They refuse to upgrade their lines
So they're running all these "high speeds" through 45+ year old coax cable
yesterday i yelled at them and explained they cost me a literal day of pay and that if they didn't fix it i would file complaints with state and federal agencies
since i'm a remote worker internet issues literally affect my employment
I've never lived anywhere with Cox but just from hearing people talk about them they sound like the worst
and now today i'ts back to how it was
Cox is good where I am but phanto274Shrug
the only other company i had in my area was centurylink and the cords in my walls were too fucked up to install
I was xfinity for 14 years and moved to att fiber in March and never looked back
technician couldn't get a signal from any outlet here
I live in a small town in nebraska so my internet options are... limited
My ATT fiber has gone down once
I love my ISP but think they're fairly limited in where they cover
My town has it's own internet company which is pretty good
I'm not sure if I can think of a time the internet here has gone out that wasn't from a power outage
My doordash delivery came twice and I only had to pay for one lol it glitched but I contacted doordash support and they said keep it
C-Link is the alternative here but I've never had a reason to switch
I pay less for less upload but plenty to stream with
I take hours for anything substantial
The problem is, Youtube takes 16 hours to process it lmfao
I'm gonna do a 16-18 hour speedrun in the somewhat near future and not looking forward to that vod upload
I think my longest run is like 5, so I'm maybe losing my mind, we'll see
If you could swap one partner with ttyd would you and if so who would it be
And your not getting any new badges
Put Laki in TTYD so glitched categories exist
Can't imagine what you mean, Palace Skip looks like a great time
Yeah it's my favorite game and the first speedrun I looked into and noped out very quickly
What would you recommend as a beginner category if I wanted to start learning it
Do you even need Cookbook with all the random stuff you found?
what insanity was rolled for the seed today
Maybe dumb question but what's with the upside down tubba key at the end of your tracker
I wonder how letter delivery looks with super short cutscene. I just imagine parakarry yeeting the letter at them
must be nice when you can just say Im just gunna buy everything
when will there be a no run away seed? Kappa
these damage dodges are giving me life
You mean you don't want to Clippy past this door too?
Scaling is pretty high, I think that's base 5 damage?
i always use hurricane or spook for petunia moles in chapter 6 if i can, i think its a safe strategy but the downside is losing exp to level up.
Only missing blue from tmnt colors
Purple red orange like I said only missing blue
You can logically do all but clear, right?
Having no dizzy possible right now must be awesome after that last seed uploaded on youtube.
Because they are stalkers, that's why Luigi doesn't like ghosts!
Were you trying to save stanley
wow climbed high in desert 2 and ended at Elsas frozen castle
Sorry got hit by ads and didn't hear your answer
i am doing a blitz practice seed, i found artifact but chapter 2 is required but not chapter 1. is artifact in logic ?
Bowser needs to be triple dipped egg bombed
ooohhhhh, we do not give him the artifact in chapter 2 then.
i know that at least that if both 1 and 2 are required, it can be in logic. Happened to me before
Yeah definitely better to have guaranteed 6 damage with Mario than 4
How do you feel about item quality this run? I put it at 75% like you suggested
I did notice you've gotten Life Shrooms which is good, those are most certainly not guaranteed
And I know that had been a complaint when you played seeds with non-vanilla items previously
Yeah, so it's good you happened to get some early this run
Didn't know they give your partner the ability to run away when berserk is equipped, that's neat.
Oh, you didn't see it? I took note of it on the menu just now.
              
These fire shy guys might've been bad without that option or spook. XD
The gift of prophecy is strong within you!
We get to watch the Deadge cutscene once more
in the blitz settings, do you go to other chapters that are not required to check their shops for badges ?
The no cutscenes build is such a great thing to have, but going back from it seems so aggravating.
I'm hoping you also find Speedy Spin here.
(Not to be cruel but to be slow)
I almost put cutscenes to vanilla
if i remember correctly is blue barren in blitz settings ?
I had no idea my everdrive showed up today D:
Oh, that might be it actually
You didn't notice on any other enemies, did you?
website just calls it the GBA mini
To add insult to injury, it could be in one of the letter delivery locations you just got here in the chapter. Which would suck.
Kinda makes sense, in every other setting ch2 moles and ch6 moles have different everything
Only in progressive would they match up
for some reason your tracker saids i cannot do 3 letter for parakarry in chapter 2 but i 3 letters with me + parakarry.
no worries, juste keep you updated of what is going on.
I believe when glitch logic was first being added, Pronyo confirmed everything except the spike room is possible speedy-less
It's certainly possible to do this room, but it is more consistent to use Bow, yeah.
Don't spin until you get noticed? Maybe?
It's never in logic w/o Bow unless you have the trick enabled
From Pronyo's initial discovery, it seems there is a trick to ding it speedy-less
"Oh wow wait, every sentinel can be dodged super easily, if you bait them once and go back so you're too far from their reach, they're actually not triggered for a long time while they head back to their initial position"
I don't think so but phanto274Shrug
I think the key here is "Too far from their reach." Maybe.
It's pretty tight still either way it seems.
So Miracle Water is all we need for Go mode, right?
phanto274Bless Oh my gosh. That's... that's rough.
Gotta head to bed now, good luck on the boss fights!
it was good. big long 50 turns of mario party 8
I had done 50 turns of 1-7 for extra life on previous streams
had to do one more to finish off 8 because turns out thats too much Mario party
eight is the last with 50 turns
I am also off to bed now, gn and gl with go mode
other than a DS one that doesnt count
I think super and superstars did 30
50 in those two would be a nightmare
pm Rando is so good I wanna do some sometime
too many good things coming out of
ah shit miss the ending gg
been awhile since the last pokemon rando
i mean have you seen some of the giftsubs i do
or the bit donation TTS messages
oh you rando'd types tonight? bold
I saw EQ was 100/100 didn't catch absorb
Basement key into rainbow wing you say
I have a friend named Robobro, can you name Mewtwo after him?
The resistances from dragon type are nice too
I went on a walk to clear my mind
Wait does that mean cut is on E4?
But I did stufy a little before walking
Your density rn is basement and that's unfortunate
that magcargo was hitting like it was 100% acc wtf
Hello Phantom5800! I just watched your YouTube video where you play Paper Mario. It was very educational. Thanks a lot. Please let me know when you upload another.
Yeah hideout might have been better LUL
and mortar basement exists I guess
i'm surprised it's not sped up on this rom lol
seeing power/accuracy when picking attacks is so awesome
wish that was a real feature
did you just EQ an aerodactyl
70% accuracy always feels like 20%
Unless the other pokemon has it
i'd have had maddy make me one but they're sick
but does that include fake director since that technically doesn't save it? kraftHMM
watch that tm have like 20 power
who's gonna tell them about the promotion?
it's blue and on all fours
holy shit they installed teleporters in this tower?
ages since i've played gen 2 and it shows
Imagine finding 4 badges in here
well you were certainly paid off for visiting tin tower
if it didn't air here it's a NO GO mirbysWormrage
knowing twitch it probably got nuked
i don't think breastfeeding is in TOS OMEGALUL
btw i love how the simple act of making that image shake turned wormmon from mildly annoyed to FILLED WITH UNFATHOMABLE LEVELS OF RAGE
youtube is ahead of its time
W I D E O P E N
could be a cutless seed, you never know
or maybe it's a CUTLASS SEED
That Sudowoodo sprite used to terrify me as a child
ngl i kinda wanna see a sudowoodo variant that's a fuckin' redwood now
walks several miles around and through a dark tunnel full of monsters to circumvent a single tree
love that the bot knows to end the sentence with in chat? modCheck
damn, 2 viable mons? tf I been missing???
oh btw phantom you were one of my top 5 channels this year lol
so i just made a horrifying discovery
365 days in the year. 24 hours in a day. that makes 8760 hours
according to my recap i viewed 4,387 hours
that is LITERALLY HALF PLUS SEVEN
is it weird that 8760 hours feels short to me?
i work remotely. so i usually have twitch up lmao
this fly thing sounds kinda good
inb4 fly and cut in radio tower
They're not called hidden machines for nothing
on the bright side you've almost collected all the badges Chatting
wait is the puzzle just gone lmao
ive been playing a ton of lethal company
my schedule changed a wee bit recently
been on more normie hours EZ
ive been on that schedule for so long
there's a hidden item to your left at least
oh boy we can leave LUL
God gen 2 music was so good
I assume you don't play with early fly settings?
I need to learn the logic on it, but supposed to be no backtracking
I laugh at slight misfortune, get ad rolled LUL
Is it oy items randomized, or are set spawns random as well
Ah I see the logic now
So for instance say red Gyarados spawn, random?
nah I just mean I'm reading the fly logic points in the item rando software
OK how much of an average time difference is there from KIR to FIR?
Can't be behind snorlax or past tohjo (waterfall), can't be on Misty, machinepart, or SS, and can't be past Mahogany (7 badge check).
So yeah around the same as KIR then
You know once you think about it, who left all this shit throughout Johto? LOL
I tried once and speed choice did something weird as shit KEKW
I've actually never done KIR, only FIR.
It was a very weird FIR/KIR hybrid monstrosity
I mean we're used to full item, Pokmon as a community isn't which is very fair
One of those little girls was named Bob
I see you like routing as much as I do then KEKW
I see a go mode coming very soon 
Once you get last badge are you done, or elite 4? Not sure how this works lol
Does FIR still gotta beat red?
I'm dying for crystal to come to Archipelago but it's barely even being discussed
Emerald is in beta, basically finished, but I don't know the game as well. Debating learning it but dive logic sounds like the worst
You can technically do single player archipelago
yeah single player archipelago is very doable
I'd love a key item on fucking everything but Gen 1 and 2
He really did say fuck you I'm bringing shuckle
Might as well exp grind also to make red less of a pain in the asshole
It's fine you cover it up saying there was a mud slap in between
oh wow I didn't even think about the no radio tower hint meaning no dragons den
I loved fighting red as a kid
though i just realized i might not need to
i can't get above 5 rapid as guts style can i. it's just attack that goes to 10
OH SHIT TYPES ARE RANDO TOO
back in time for the ending gg
i didn't realize bustermax in bn3 had a STUPID FUCKING autobug
good thing i saved before buying it so i could unbuy it lmao
No no no do not take me into smrpg
